Skip to content 
 Hopesanddreamzblog 
 Live… Love… Dream! 
 Menu 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Bar Review 
 hopesanddreamzblog   Bath And Body ,  Beauty ,  Body Soap ,  Fiama ,  Skincare ,  Skincare basics ,  Soap ,  Soap Bar Review  March 11, 2020March 11, 2020 
 Skin Type: Normal to dry 
 Hey there! 
 Some time back, I came across the Fiama Celebration Pack that contains 5 different gel bars. Today, I am sharing my thoughts on the Lemongrass and Jojoba variant that I have been using for a while now. So let’s jump straight into the review and see how this one fared out for me. Keep reading… 
 What The Brand Claims  : When your mood needs a lift, this gel bar will be a gift with fragrance and skin conditioners too. Get refreshed skin and be the new you. 
 If smooth skin is what you miss, look no more, Lemongrass and Jojoba it is. 
 Packaging  : The soap bar comes in a beautiful green-colored cardboard box that looks absolutely beautiful and instantly catches one’s attention. It clearly mentions all the important details such as date of manufacturing, date of expiry, ingredient list, price as well as net product weight. 
 As you open the cardboard box, there is a silver foil covering that holds the product inside. Overall, I really liked the packaging. It’s attractive, travel friendly and feels luxurious too! 🙂 
 Ingredient List  : 
 My Experience With The Product  : Fiama Lemongrass and Jojoba Soap Bar is green in color and is a gel-based product. Even though it appears to be bigger inside the box, the size is actually quite average. Anyways, it produces a good amount of lather when comes in contact with water and effectively does the job of cleansing. It removes all the dirt and impurities from the skin and leaves it clean, smooth and refreshed. 
 Since I have normal to dry skin, even though it does not leave my skin parched or craving for moisture, I always do follow up with a moisturizer afterwards. Rinsing the product is also quick and fuss-free as it easily comes off with water in one go. It does not leave behind any residue at all and makes the skin squeaky clean, which is great! 
 The soap has a thoroughly refreshing scent that is just amazing, and lingers on for a long time. In fact, you can even faintly smell it after a few hours too, which can get bothersome for those with sensitive noses. I feel this would be a great pick for summers and the product can be bought as a single bar as well as a value pack. 
 Yays! 
 
 Beautiful and travel friendly packaging, feels luxurious 
 Produces a good amount of lather 
 Effectively cleanses the skin, removes all the dirt and impurities 
 Leaves the skin clean, smooth and refreshed 
 Quick and easy to rinse off, does not leave behind any residue 
 Perfect for summer season 
 Prominent refreshing scent that lingers on for a long time 
 Easily available online and in stores 
 Can be bought as a single bar as well as a value pack 
 Dermatologically tested 
 
 Nays! 
 
 Overpriced 
 The size of the soap is quite average 
 The scent can be slightly overpowering for those with sensitive noses 
 Gets consumed quickly 
 
 Price  : Rs 67 for 125 gm (Single Bar) 
 Rs 186 for 125 gm (Pack Of 3) 
 Rating  : B+ 
 Final Thoughts  : Fiama Lemongrass and Jojoba Gel Soap Bar lathers up well and effectively cleanses the skin. It removes all the dirt, dust and impurities and leaves the skin clean and fresh. Rinsing the product off is also quick and fuss-free and it does not leave any residue behind. It has thoroughly refreshing scent that lingers on for a long time. The product can be easily found online as well as in stores. 
 Overall, I would say that this is a decent soap bar from the house of Fiama, but I am not really impressed! I feel it is definitely overpriced and even then, the quantity provided is just average. Also, the scent can get bothersome for those with sensitive noses and the product gets consumed quickly too. So, if you are looking to try out a new soap bar, then you can definitely give this a try! As for me, I would not be repurchasing this! 
 Till next time, 
 XOXO 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Tagged 
 Fiama Gel Soap Bar Review 
 Fiama Gel Soap Bar Review India 
 Fiama Gel Soap Bar Review Online 
 Fiama Gel Soap Review 
 Fiama Gel Soap Review India 
 Fiama Gel Soap Review Online 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Bar 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Bar Review 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Bar Review India 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Bar Review Online 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Review 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Review INdia 
 Fiama Lemongrass And Jojoba Gel Soap Review Online 
 Fiama Lemongrass Gel Soap Review 
 Fiama Lemongrass Gel Soap Review India 
 Fiama Lemongrass Gel Soap Review Online 
 Fiama Lemongrass Soap Bar Review 
 Fiama Lemongrass Soap Bar Review India 
 Fiama Lemongrass Soap Bar Review Online 
 
 Published by hopesanddreamzblog 
  View all posts by hopesanddreamzblog  
 Published  March 11, 2020March 11, 2020 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post LA Girl Pro Conceal Orange Corrector Review 
 Next Post Biotique Green Apple Purifying Shampoo And Conditioner Review 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Trending Posts 
 
   
 
 Biotique Green Apple Purifying Shampoo And Conditioner Review 
 
   
 
 Oriflame Milk And Honey Gold Nourishing Hand And Body Cream Review 
 
   
 
 Is It Really Worth The Hype? Oriflame Milk And Honey Gold Smoothing Sugar Scrub Review 
 
   
 
 What Is All The Hype About: Plum Green Tea Clear Face Mask Review! 
 
   
 
 St. Ives Energizing Coconut And Coffee Scrub Review 
 
   
 
 St. Ives Fresh Skin Apricot Scrub Review 
 
   
 
 Nivea Creme Care Soap Review 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017 
 © hopesanddreamzblog.com, 2020. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to hopesanddreamzblog.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
