Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supply Secretaries – Muskoka Area 
 Trillium Lakelands District School Board 
 __Muskoka, ON 
 Apply Now 
 SUPPLY SECRETARIES 
 Posting #:  OCT-2019-303 
 Location:  Muskoka, ON 
 The Trillium Lakelands District School Board invites applications for Supply Secretaries. These positions are for on-call and temporary positions. 
 Qualifications Required: 
Secondary School Graduation Diploma plus additional training courses in computer operation and software programs. 
Demonstrated computer knowledge and practical experience on multi-screen database systems, Word and Excel. 
Related secretarial experience in excess of one year. 
Minimum of 55 wpm typing speed. 
Personal qualities of maturity, tact and discretion. 
Working knowledge of bookkeeping and budgeting. 
Good telephone voice and manner. 
Self-motivated and ability to work with minimum supervision. 
Demonstrated ability to communicate and work effectively with staff members, parents, students and the general public both in person and on the phone absolutely essential. 
Demonstrated organizational abilities. 
 Please be advised:  a clear or satisfactory Vulnerable Sector Check is a requirement for all Supply positions. 
 Hourly rate:  $19.99 (minimum) to $21.77 (maximum) 
 Applications (in either a .pdf or .docx format) outlining experience and qualifications should be forwarded quoting the job file # (below) to: 
 Employee Services Officer, Support Staff 
Trillium Lakelands District School Board 
 Muskoka Supply List :  File# OCT-2019-303 
Click HERE to submit an online Application 
 Trillium Lakelands District School Board complies with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for a disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please contact the Human Resources Officer for the employee group. 
 The Trillium Lakelands District School Board would like to thank all respondents. However, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Interviews are conducted on an as-needed basis throughout the school year. Resumes will be retained on file for six months. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
