Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Professional; Toronto Canada-- Flooring Industry 
 H.B. Fuller 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 H.B. Fuller is a leading global adhesives provider focusing on perfecting adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemical products to improve products and lives. Our commitment to innovation brings together people, products and processes that answer and solve some of the world's biggest challenges. And, our promise to our people connects them with opportunities to innovate and thrive. 
 H.B. Fuller Construction Adhesives provides technologically advanced solutions to the commercial, industrial and residential construction industry. The company’s recognized and trusted brands are available through an extensive network of distributors and dealers, as well as home improvement retailers. 
 Do you have experience in the flooring, tile, or construction sales industry? 
 The Sales Professional position is expected to grow HB Fuller's market share and customer base in the Toronto market segment for H.B. Fuller's Construction Adhesives while achieving profit targets. The Sales Professional is expected to: 
 Demonstrate an ability to communicate and influence at all levels within commercial construction, including: Key decision makers/ business owners, project managers, installers, general contractors, end users, superintendents, architects, etc. 
Demonstrate technical competency and independently manage demonstrations and technical problem-solving for large, high profile commercial construction projects. 
Work with technical sales and Geographic Sales Managers to establish and deliver pricing in accordance with profitability targets 
 Description: 
The Sales Professional will target contractors in the flooring industry as well as architects/designers to build H.B. Fuller’s customer base. 
 Contractor Focus (70%):  The Contractor Sales Professional will focus on decision-makers at commercial contractor accounts for the defined geographic territory and is accountable for executing on sales strategy including but not limited to: 
 Grow territory sales in flooring installation and surface preparation products. 
Develops sales funnel for growth opportunities with large commercial contractors. 
Consistently applies sales process and use of all sales tools. 
Accountable for both sales growth and margin metrics. 
 Architects and Designers (30%):  The Contractor Sales Professional will meet with key architects and designers to add our products to specifications; in addition: 
 Understand contractor installation and installed costs of our products, as well as competitive. products, to communicate product attributes and differentiation to the specifier. 
Conduct presentations to architects and designers. 
Assist contractors in specifications of our products to drive business opportunities. 
The Contractor Sales Professional position is expected to grow HB Fuller's market share and customer base in key market segments while achieving profit targets. The Contractor Sales Professional is expected to: 
Demonstrates an ability to communicate and influence at all levels within commercial construction, including: Key decision makers/ business owners, project managers, installers, general contractors, end users, superintendents, architects, etc. 
Demonstrate technical competency and independently manage demonstrations and technical problem-solving for large, high profile commercial construction projects. 
Work with TSPs and GSMs to establish and deliver pricing in accordance with profitability targets. 
 Requirements: 
Must live in Toronto area. 
Post-Secondary degree or 5+ years of relevant sales experience; related industry and/or B2B experience, preferably with a construction background, flooring, tile sales knowledge. 
Must have a valid driver’s license and be willing to travel a minimum of 60% 
Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs. 
Proven ability to increase sales 
Ability to work independently from a home office 
 Employees are eligible for full benefits, including medical, dental, insurance, 401k contribution, paid time off and paid holidays. All employees also qualify for an annual cash bonus, based on business performance. Annual raises are rewarded based on company and individual performance. 
 This position is required to stand for long periods of time, walk, climb stairs, use hands to remove or lift boxes, stretch and reach with arms extended and stoop. Employees regularly lift up to 50 pounds and up to 100 pounds with assistance. 
 To all recruitment agencies:  H.B. Fuller does not accept agency resumes unless directly engaged by Human Resources. Please do not forward any resumes to Human Resources or any employees. H.B. Fuller is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
 For more information and to apply, go to:  http://jobs.hbfuller.com/ 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
