Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Intern, Management of Residential Real Estate Investments 
 Ivanhoe Cambridge 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 4 months internship (Full time) to start May 4, 2020 
Aim higher. Go further. Make a difference. 
 Are you looking for: 
A thriving company that continues to solidify its status as a responsible real estate investor and global leader? 
Colleagues who will challenge and push your talents to the top of their potential? 
An opportunity to help shape the cities of tomorrow? 
 Our Residential team is searching for an intern who will make a difference and contribute to our ambitious goals. 
 Join our network! 
 WHAT THIS CHALLENGE IS ABOUT 
 Ivanhoé Cambridge’s residential portfolio contains $12 billion in assets across Canada, the U.S. and Europe. 
 The intern assists the Residential Property Investment Management team with its tasks, including investment valuation and property asset management. As part of the internship, he or she will do the following: 
 Work closely with the analysts and other members of the Residential Property Investment Management team in actively managing Ivanhoé Cambridge’s real estate portfolio: 
Follow up on business plans and analyze budget variances; 
Help with preparing and analyzing annual operating budgets; 
Analyze performance projections used in asset management decisions; 
Aid analysts in researching, summarizing and analyzing various real estate markets; 
Help in analyzing property valuation reports; 
Review partners’ quarterly reports, compile the information using Ivanhoé Cambridge’s format and attend quarterly meetings of partners in Quebec; 
Aid in preparing presentations for senior management. 
Assist analysts and help present portfolio summary reports; 
Take part in the implementation of the new asset management system (modelling, analysis, transfer and assessment); 
Carry out other relevant tasks as needed. 
 What we’re looking for 
Baccalaureate student in 2nd or 3rd year preferably or master’s degree in finance, accounting, evaluation, or any other relevant programs; 
Second- or third-year student preferred; 
Fluency in French and English (written and spoken); 
Interest in real estate; 
Proficiency in Microsoft Office; 
Detail-oriented, quick learner, self-starter; 
Energetic team player with strong communication, interpersonal and organization skills; ability to work independently. 
 If you are interested in this challenge, please submit your resume. 
 Ivanhoé Cambridge develops and invests in high-quality real estate properties, projects and companies that are shaping the urban fabric in dynamic cities around the world. It does so responsibly, with a view to generate long-term performance. Ivanhoé Cambridge is committed to creating living spaces that foster the well-being of people and communities, while reducing its environmental footprint. 
 Vertically integrated in Canada, Ivanhoé Cambridge invests internationally alongside strategic partners and major real estate funds that are leaders in their markets. Through subsidiaries and partnerships, the Company holds interests in more than 1,000 buildings, primarily in the industrial and logistics, office, residential and retail sectors. Ivanhoé Cambridge held close to C$65 billion in real estate assets as at December 31, 2018 and is a real estate subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (cdpq.com), one of Canada's leading institutional fund managers. For more information: ivanhoecambridge.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
