gospelbbq 
 Seeking the Implications of Christ's Kingdom for Every Sphere of Life 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Apologetikos 
 Authority 
 Economics/Theonomy 
 Environmentalism 
 Eschatology 
 Gospel 
 Holy Spirit 
 Jesus 
 Justice 
 Philosophy 
 Politico-Magical World 
 Science/Mythology 
 Social Thesis 
 Sociology of Christendom 
 State of Grace 
 Theology of Fascism 
 Theology of Poverty 
 Theology of the State 
 Tri-Universe 
 Veracity Report 
 Wine 
 Xnty Xtras 
 Zat-b-Who 
 
 <- International Terrorist Organization Infiltrates 'World Vision' 
 Anti-Semitism and the Progressive Doctrine of Intersectionality -> 
 The GOP 'Con-Job' on the Tea Party Movement 
 Posted on  August 26, 2016  by  gospelbbq 
 The GOP Scams the Tea Party Movement out of Millions 
 By Paul H. Jossey 
 As we watch the  Republican Party  tear itself to shreds over Donald Trump, perhaps it’s time to take note of another conservative political phenomenon that the GOP nominee has utterly eclipsed: the Tea Party.  The Tea Party movement  is pretty much dead now, but it didn’t die a natural death. It was murdered—and it was an inside job. In a half decade, the spontaneous uprising that shook official Washington, degenerated into a form of  pyramid scheme  that transferred  tens of millions of dollars  from rural, poorer Southerners and Midwesterners to bicoastal political operatives. 
 What began as an organic, policy-driven  grass-roots movement  was drained of its vitality and resources by  national political action committees  that dunned the  movement’s true believers endlessly for money to support its candidates and causes.  The PACs  used that money first to enrich themselves and their vendors and then deployed most of the rest to search for more “prospects.” In Tea Party world, that meant mostly older, technologically unsavvy people willing to divulge personal information through  “petitions”   —  which only made them prey to further attempts to lighten their wallets for what they believed was a good cause. While the solicitations continue, the audience has greatly diminished because of a lack of policy results and changing political winds. 
 I was an employee at one of the firms that ran these operations. But nothing that follows is proprietary or gleaned directly from my employment. The evidence of the scheming is all there in the public record, available for anyone willing to look. 
 The Tea Party movement began building in the George W. Bush years. Profligate spending and foreign adventurism with no discernible results nurtured disgust with Washington’s habit of spending beyond its means and sending others to die in its wars. When President Obama made reorganizing the nation’s health care system his foremost priority—and repeatedly misrepresented its effects in the process—anger at Washington exploded. 
 Republicans inside the Beltway reacted to the burgeoning Tea Party with glee but uncertainty about how to channel the grass-roots energy usually reserved for the left. A small group of supposedly conservative lawyers and consultants saw something different: dollar signs. The PACs found anger at the Republican Party sells very well. The campaigns they ran would be headlined “Boot John Boehner," or “Drop a  Truth Bomb  on Kevin McCarthy.” And after Boehner was in fact booted and McCarthy bombed in his bid to succeed him, it was naturally time to “Fire Paul Ryan." The selling is always urgent: “ Stop what you’re doing ” “This can’t wait.” One active solicitor is the Tea Party Leadership Fund, which  received  $6.7 million from 2013 to mid-2015, overwhelmingly from small donors. A typical solicitation from the TPLF  read : “Your immediate contribution could be the most important financial investment you will make to help return America to greatness.” But, according to an  investigation  by  POLITICO  , 87 percent of that “investment” went to overhead; only $910,000 of the $6.7 million raised was used to support political candidates. If the prospect signs a “petition,” typically a solicitation of his or her personal information is recorded and a new screen immediately appears asking for money. Vendors pass the information around in “list swaps” and “revenue shares”  ad infinitum . 
 Starting a new PAC is easy: Fill out some paperwork, throw up a splash-page website, rent an email list, and you’re off. It’s an entrepreneurial endeavor. Through trial-and-error, operatives test messages to see which resonate best and are most likely to get them and their vendors paid. They may pay someone known in the movement to “sign” the pitch, as current Donald Trump spokeswoman  Katrina Pierson   has  on TPLF emails. 
 Today, the Tea Party movement is dead, and Trump has co-opted the remnants. What was left of the Tea Party split for a while between Trump and, while he was still in the race, Ted Cruz, who was backed by Jenny Beth Martin, co-founder and national coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots. In 2014, the Tea Party Patriots group  spent  just 10 percent of the $14.4 million it collected actually supporting candidates, with the rest going to consultants and vendors and Martin’s hefty salary of $15,000 per month; in all, she makes an  estimated  $450,000 a year from her Tea Party-related ventures. Today, of course, it’s all about Trump, but Trump rallies are only Trump rallies, not Tea Party rallies that he assumed control of. There are no more Tea Party rallies. 
 A recent  poll  showed that just 17 percent of Americans support what was once known as the Tea Party—the lowest number ever. The bailout-Obamacare-driven grass-roots revolt has vanished. Various  autopsies  have offered a number of causes: IRS targeting, bad candidates, hostile media, and even some hazy form of moral and political victory, in that the Tea Party pushed the GOP to take tougher stances on some issues. All have at least some merit. 
 But any insurgent movement needs oxygen in the form of victories or other measured progress in order to sustain itself and grow. By sapping the Tea Party’s resources and energy, the PACs thwarted any hope of building the movement. Every dollar swallowed up in PAC overhead or vendor fees was a dollar that did not go to federal Tea Party candidates in crucial primaries or general elections. This allowed the GOP to easily defeat or ignore them (with some rare exceptions). Second, the PACs drained money especially from  local  Tea Party groups, some of which were actively trying to grow the movement electorally from the ground up, at the school board and city council level. Lacking results five years on, interest in  the movement  waned—all that was left were the PACs and their lists. 
 Any postmortem should start with the fact  that there were always two Tea Parties.  First  were people who believe in  constitutional conservatism . These folks sense the country they will leave their children and grandchildren is a shell of what they inherited. And they have little confidence the Republican Party can muster the courage or will to fix it.  Second  were  lawyers and consultants  who read 2009’s political winds and saw a chance to get rich. 
 For 18 months ending in 2013, I worked for one of these consultants,  Dan Backer  , who has served as treasurer for dozens of  PACs  , many now defunct, through his law and consulting firm. I thus benefited from the Tea Party’s fleecing. 
 The  PACs  seem to operate through a familiar model. It works something like this:  Prospects  whose name appear on a  vendor’s  list get a phone call, email or glossy mailer from a group they’ve likely never heard of asking them for money. Conservative pundit and  Redstate.com  Editor-in-Chief  Erick Erickson  described one such  encounter . A woman called and asked if she could play a taped message touting efforts to help  Senators Rand Paul  and  Ted Cruz  fight for conservative governance. When the recording stopped an older man (the woman was gone) offered Erickson the chance to join “the Tea Party.” He wouldn’t say who paid him, just “the Tea Party.” Membership was even half price. For just $100 he was in! Erickson declined. 
 Erickson’s call came from  InfoCision  or a similar vendor hired by PACs to  “prospect”  for new donors. Often PAC creators have financial interests in the  vendors  —in fact, sometimes they  are  the vendors, too—which makes keeping money in house easier, and harder to track. PAC names include “Tea Party,” “Patriots,” “Freedom,” or some other emotive term to assure benevolence. And  names  and  images  of political figures the prospects admire (or detest), usually accompany the solicitation, giving the illusion of imprimatur. Those people are almost never actually involved and little money ends up supporting candidates. 
 According to Federal Election Commission reports between 80 to 90 percent, and sometimes all the money these PACs get is  swallowed in fees and poured into more prospecting.  For example, conservative activist Larry Ward created  Constitutional Rights PAC . He also runs  Political Media  , a communications firm. The  New York Times   reviewed  Constitutional Rights’ filings and found:  “Mr. Ward’s PAC spends every dollar it gets on consultants, mailings and fund-raising—making no donations to candidates.”  Ward justified the arrangement by saying Political Media discounts solicitations on behalf of Constitutional Rights. 
 Let that sink in.   Ward takes his PAC’s money and redistributes it to his company and other vendors for more messaging and solicitations, but suggests critics should rest easy since the PAC gets a discount on Political Media’s normal rate. Constitutional Rights PAC may be extreme but it’s hardly an outlier. 
 POLITICO  last year  reviewed  the activity of  33 conservative PACs  for the 2014 cycle. Combined, they raked in  $43 million  dollars , according to the  POLITICO  report. Of that,  $39.5 million  went to  overhead  including $6 million to entities owned by PAC operators;  candidates got $3 million . 
 Another report  analyzed  17 conservative PACs  from the 2014 midterm. It came up with different numbers than  POLITICO  , finding that the bottom 10 PACs in terms of the ratio of spending to actual candidate support received  $54,318,498  and spent only  $3,621,896 supporting candidates. 
 And who is Constitutional Rights’ treasurer? My old boss  Dan Backer.  Backer also serves as treasurer to TPLF, and many others. An  analysis  found 10 conservative PACs whose treasurer was  Scott MacKenzie  spent 92 percent of the $17.5 million they raised on operating expenses, and  less than 1 percent on candidate support. 
 PACs  are not legally obliged to responsibly spend their loot. As former FEC enforcement officer Kenneth Gross  stated , “If I have a PAC and want to spend it on a trip to Atlantic City, that’s fine,” provided it’s accurately reported.  Unlike nonprofits  they are not governed by a board, have no fiduciary duty to their donors and are not subject to IRS  audits . 
 The PACs  keep cash flowing  by trolling the news for  [some]   supposed apostasy.  The government botches the rescue of employees in a foreign embassy?  “Stand with us for Benghazi!”  A bunch of kids are murdered in Connecticut?  “Help us defend your Second Amendment rights!”  [Or the ever popular] **  “Sign our petition!” ** 
 Another  favorite tactic  is the “Draft Committee.” Pick a popular figure then start a committee to “draft” him or her to run for office. TPLF “ drafted ” Sarah Palin for Senate in Alaska and Backer “ drafted ” Newt Gingrich for Senate in Virginia. After I left his firm, Backer “ drafted ” new Texas resident Allen West for Senate in Florida.  None  of these candidates were remotely interested or associated with the effort, and in fact could not be by law. But there were signatures to collect and donations to request. (As a litigator, I rarely participated in the conduct described here. I nonetheless knew these  schemes  paid most of my salary.) 
 The “draftees” or their campaigns often send cease-and-desist  letters , as Gingrich and Palin did. This cycle,  Backer  and  MacKenzie  have kept Trump’s lawyers busy. Despite Trump’s constant protests about  “corrupt” super PACs  , MacKenzie started “Patriots for Trump” and Backer founded “TrumPAC.” MacKenzie  shuttered  Patriots when the  Trump campaign complained  , although the  Facebook page  remains active. The campaign  persuaded  Backer to change TrumPAC’s name to “Great America PAC.” But the PAC  begged off  requests to shutter and “refund any funds raised” based on Trump’s candidacy.  Jesse Benton  , Great America’s chief strategist and formerly a Ron Paul operative,  explained  the PAC would remain active because Trump would need “a robust and effective finance organization … after he secured the nomination.”  By law  , the campaign can have no say in how this “finance organization” spends its money, though its  website  still prominently features the candidate and his trademark slogan. It  pledged  to raise $20 million dollars before the Republican convention. 
 PACs exploited  a reservoir of goodwill toward minority candidates in particular  to raise money for themselves . After his razor-thin 2012 congressional defeat, Allen West, an African-American former Florida congressman, **  filed a complaint ** with the FEC against PACs raising money off his race but  doing nothing  to help him. The FEC concluded it lacked authority to police such efforts. “Draft Ben Carson”  paid off  well for the North Carolinian who took a $236,000 salary and sent gobs more to a company comprised only of him. After Carson’s campaign ended “The 2016 committee”—the successor to Draft Ben Carson—sought to keep the money flowing, stating it would now promote the surgeon for vice president. It finally  shuttered  after  a barrage of scam  accusations.  (In fairness, Carson’s entire campaign could credibly be explained as just a  list-building   operation .) 
 Challenged about spending allocations by  POLITICO  ,  Backer  responded that it’s a misinterpretation of FEC reports to suggest that the PACs he helps oversee have spent more on their own operating expenses than on their stated causes. As for Great America PAC, he said it’s “probably the best most effective steward of donor funds. This PAC does stuff, whereas nobody else does.” 
 From my vantage point, I would occasionally hear disquieting remarks that gave me pause.  Rumors  about the legitimacy of our operations would sometimes flare up in our small office. When a campaign manager would lash out about PACs  using the candidate’s name to make money  , I wondered if he was talking about us. When I eventually opened my own firm I vowed never to have such doubts about what I was doing. 
 The PACs’ electoral record for the little money that did trickle to candidates is terrible. According to  POLITICO  , $3 million of $43 million raised from 33 analyzed groups did support candidates in 2014. But finding races they positively affected is difficult. They played  absolutely no role  in that cycle’s biggest  Tea Party victory  , the scalping of Eric Cantor. The victor, however, had lots of  new friends  the next morning fearlessly tweeting support for their new champion, Dave Brat.  Spin matters more than tangible success.  After the 2014 midterms, Jenny Beth Martin quickly  opined  the Republican wave was a Tea Party victory -- despite lacking Tea Party candidates -- because voters rewarded the movement’s “principles.” 
 A provocative  theory  holds these groups intentionally back candidates that can’t win to assure fundraising flow. Some may genuinely believe they help (others obviously know they don’t). But  it’s no secret that the day after Mitt Romney’s defeat was a huge fundraising day in the conservative world.  And electoral success would undoubtedly affect business. Current affinity for Cruz and Trump is conditioned on them losing. Victory attenuates the need for the “action” these groups purport to catalyze. It also blunts the emotional appeals which kick-start  contributions.  That’s why one conciliatory note in the inauguration speech would start the emails flying about  how the grass roots has been sold out  and “we need your help to keep President Trump true to his word.  Sign our petition!” 
 The PACs  excuse  their profligate spending through artful dodges. This or that group doesn’t concentrate on electoral spending, which shows up on FEC reports, but on “ organizing ,” “ rallies ,” “training volunteers” or  showing people  they aren’t alone. At the same time, a Tea Party rally can be a convenient way  [for Pac’s]  to collect information and raise funds, as is “organizing” the grass roots for  issue X  by sending more  emails  and  solicitations. 
 Another excuse the PACs make is that small-dollar fundraising is expensive. That’s true, and donor prospecting is not inherently unethical. It becomes so only when fundraising is the ends not means. Sometimes the PACs promise to do better after cultivating a house file. But they are also quick to put themselves  on the cross  when  confronted , as Pierson did, “The only reason [TPLF] draws attention is that it is anti-establishment.” In other words, lots of groups do it. 
 She’s not exactly wrong. High political overhead isn’t new, nor is it limited to Republicans.  Jon Stewart   mocked  the  Democrats  constant barrage of Henny-Penny fundraising emails in 2014. Mr. Campaign Finance himself,  Russ Feingold  , ran a  PAC  that essentially  existed  to keep himself and his staff paid while he awaited another Senate run—it spent  5 percent  on electoral activities. Some Democratic operatives  drew  ire after raising $11 million off the left’s favorite bugaboo  Citizens United v. FEC  —although there complaints centered on PAC intrusion on nonprofit turf and focusing on swing-races instead of overturning the maligned free-speech case. 
 Political advocacy law, of the kind I practice  , is different from other types of law in which people spending money expect a tangible benefit, like defense of a lawsuit.  Political advocacy  can be a years-long, even decades-long,  process  where progress at any point in time can be hard to define.  Elections  are single points in a political cycle that renews every two years. This ambiguity makes the field easily vulnerable to marketing over results. But when small-dollar donors give to an organization promising political results, a high ethical standard should exist. 
 No one should take a vow of poverty to go into politics, but it should reflect a higher calling. Mine came after spending six days in a hospital in downtown New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina. When I got out I knew a comfortable career in cardiopulmonary science wouldn’t be satisfying. I enrolled in law school the following year determined to fight for the principles of  liberty, individualism and self-determination  that made America the world’s envy. The people who supported  the Tea Party  believed in those same principles just as much as  the immigrant  who risks his life to come here. These people deserve something tangible for parting with their money. 
 So what can be done, given that  Tea Party  candidates  create a particularly target-rich environment? 
 Some candidates  have found success in the courtroom. In 2013, Scott MacKenzie’s Conservative Strikeforce began soliciting ostensibly to help  Ken Cuccinelli  win the Virginia gubernatorial race. The campaign received $10,000 of the $2.2 million raised in Cuccinelli’s name. He  sued , claiming  the PAC  violated the Lanham Act through false advertising. The case settled on  favorable terms  to Cuccinelli. Most important, henceforth,  Conservative Strikeforce  must stop using the name and/or image of  any candidate  who requests it. As Cuccinelli recently  reflected :  “Their defense was ‘free speech’… But you don’t have the freedom to go tell little old ladies that if they give you $50, you are going to do ‘X’ with it and then not do it. You don’t have a First Amendment right of free speech to bilk them out of money.” 
 On the federal side, FEC Commissioner Ann Ravel has  pushed  to expand the commission’s authority into this realm to  protect candidates  like Allen West. Ravel is sincere, but conservative and libertarians are skeptical of  government intruding  into speech-related activities. It’s also possible that voluntary standards or a privately run grading system may provoke better practices. 
 Importantly, the  conservative media  must police this. Most reporting on these PACs comes from outlets the right generally distrusts, like the  New York Times  and  POLITICO . It’s shameful that MSNBC’s Chris Hayes has discussed these schemes more than most right-leaning outlets. Excepting  Erick Erickson ,  Jonah   Goldberg  and the  Daily Caller  ,  conservative reporting  is rare. One commentator  speculates  professional relationships with PAC operators eschews hard journalism. If true, this taints much lofty talk about  conservative values. 
 But most important, the  responsibility  is on you—the Tea Party activist, the older conservative—to  know where your money goes.  You can view a group’s track record on  OpenSecrets.org  in minutes.  How much  goes toward candidate contributions or so-called independent expenditures, which are supposed to be spent on the candidate (though even those can be thinly veiled solicitations if the "ask" or landing page directs to the PAC and not the candidate). And do  PAC operators  donate  their  money? 
 If you give,  give directly to the candidate.  The money may still be wasted, but at least it goes to someone incentivized to spend wisely. Or if you care about  a  certain issue  ,  give to an organization that specializes in that issue;  it will at least employ true believers.  If you give to the Tea Party, give  local . They need money more than groups hiring telemarketers or sending glossy mailers. Be wary of solicitations that promise to “Help Candidate X.” Odds are Candidate X has nothing to do with it. 
 But the best news is  you can make a difference without spending a dime.  Campaigns and political parties are always searching for  volunteers . Look for organizations that don’t just ask for money. A couple years ago I attended an Americans for Prosperity gathering in Fairfax, Virginia, on a client’s behalf. Two young staffers spoke to about 15 activists. They asked how AFP could help them. Did they want to become better writers, to write op-eds or letters to the editor? AFP could arrange  writing seminars.  Did they want to become better organizers? They would bring someone from the home office.  Not once did they ask for money  (perhaps they did at some other time). Instead of asking the crowd to invest in AFP, these staffers asked how AFP could invest in them. I was floored. Charles and David Koch are true believers and they don’t need your money. And there are others: Erickson  points  to **Senate Conservatives Fund -- Madison Project ** and   Club for Growth  as groups he personally supports. And you can always  start your own   Facebook  or  Twitter  group around the  issues  and  candidates  you care about. That will have more impact than lining the pockets of some consultant you’ve never met. 
 The excesses of  George W. Bush  and  Barack Obama  created the  “second” Tea Party  —named after the 1773 anti-tax revolt incited by Boston colonials—in 2009, when CNBC’s Rick Santelli  extolled  the virtues of reining in runaway government and touched a raw nerve. The Tea Party  critique of government  —the way it has grown, concerned with itself and its vested interests, and benefits the governed as only an afterthought—has never been more cogent. At its best, the Tea Party sought a return to the nation’s  philosophical roots of government of the people, by the people and for the people.  In sad irony, the  Tea Party was hijacked  by those who mirrored its critique of government: bloated, inefficient and looking out only for themselves. 
 If there is a  Tea Party 3.0  it must unshackle itself and rise again as  a grass-roots movement. 
 
 Paul H. Jossey is a campaign finance lawyer in Alexandria, Virginia. His Twitter handle is @paulhjossey 
 Read more:  http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/08/tea-party-pacs-ideas-death-214164#ixzz4IGtbA4Bp 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Worldview/Culture ,  X-Americana ,  Z-Uncategorized  and tagged  contributions ,  Democrats ,  fundraising ,  media ,  Money ,  PAC's ,  pledges ,  Political Action Commitees ,  Republican ,  schemes ,  solicitations ,  Spin ,  The Tea Party . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- International Terrorist Organization Infiltrates 'World Vision' 
 Anti-Semitism and the Progressive Doctrine of Intersectionality -> 
 Thank you for your interest and comment.  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A Year Without Holiday Festive Cheer? 
 Today's Anti-Capitalists Are Closer to Fascism Than They Think 
 Charles Spurgeon vs Karl Marx: (Regeneration vs Revolution) 
 The Rise of Christian Education as War Against Humanism 
 1960's Flashback: (Without the Kool Far-Out Music) 
 BLM’s Blueprint for Protest-Terrorism 
 The Absurdity of the Syndicalist Society 
 Kamala Harris, the Good Samaritan, and Christian Socialism 
 The Implications and Development of Religious Liberty 
 Is It Possible for Christians to Worship False Gods? 
 Social Class and Equality in America 
 Remembering and Celebrating a Great Spiritual Document 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 All-Encompassing Gospel  (652) 
 Church and State  (282) 
 Eschatology  (41) 
 Gov't/Theonomy  (232) 
 Holy Spirit  (84) 
 Law of Christ  (328) 
 Theology/Philosophy  (471) 
 Unity  (125) 
 Worldview/Culture  (617) 
 X-Americana  (286) 
 Z-Uncategorized  (932) 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 January 2020 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 
 
 
 
 
 Who and What 
 
 
 
 
 Abortion 
 
 
 America 
 
 
 authority 
 
 
 Bojidar Marinov 
 
 
 capitalism 
 
 
 Catholic 
 
 
 Christian 
 
 
 Christianity 
 
 
 church 
 
 
 communion 
 
 
 communism 
 
 
 community 
 
 
 Constitution 
 
 
 culture 
 
 
 economics 
 
 
 education 
 
 
 end times 
 
 
 equality 
 
 
 ethics 
 
 
 evangelical 
 
 
 evil 
 
 
 faith 
 
 
 Fascism 
 
 
 freedom 
 
 
 future 
 
 
 Gary DeMar 
 
 
 gospel 
 
 
 government 
 
 
 grace 
 
 
 history 
 
 
 Holy Spirit 
 
 
 humanism 
 
 
 Israel 
 
 
 Jesus 
 
 
 Jesus Christ 
 
 
 judgment 
 
 
 justice 
 
 
 knowledge 
 
 
 last-days 
 
 
 law 
 
 
 Liberal 
 
 
 liberalism 
 
 
 liberty 
 
 
 life 
 
 
 love 
 
 
 mercy 
 
 
 morality 
 
 
 peace 
 
 
 Pete Coker 
 
 
 philosophy 
 
 
 Politico-Magical World 
 
 
 politics 
 
 
 power 
 
 
 President Obama 
 
 
 prophecy 
 
 
 Religion 
 
 
 Rev. R.J. Rushdoony 
 
 
 revelation 
 
 
 revolution 
 
 
 righteousness 
 
 
 salvation 
 
 
 science 
 
 
 socialism 
 
 
 social justice 
 
 
 society 
 
 
 spirit 
 
 
 State of Grace 
 
 
 the church 
 
 
 Theology 
 
 
 Theology of Fascism 
 
 
 Theology of the State 
 
 
 Tri-Universe 
 
 
 truth 
 
 
 unity 
 
 
 worship 
 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 
 
 
 Trichotomy, Dichotomy, and Psychosomatic Unity 
 
 
 The Gnostic Tradition and Renaissance Occultism 
 
 
 The Aim of Totalitarian Education 
 
 
 Positive and Negative Law 
 
 
 Christianity and the Parable of the Blind Men and the Elephant 
 
 
 Experiential Religion 
 
 
 Social-Justice vs. Christian-Justice in Indiana 
 
 
 The Judgment on the Tower of Babel 
 
 
 The Harlot that Rides the Beast of Revelation 
 
 
 Fascist Symbols on Government Buildings 
 
 
 
 
 Jesus said …what? 
 
 
 
 
 "Do not think that I came to bring peace on earth. I did not come to bring peace but a sword. For I have come to alienate a man from his father, a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law." (Matt. 10:34-35; also see Micah 7: 5-6) 
 Not everyone who says to Me, "Lord, Lord," shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father in heaven. Many will say to Me in that day, 'Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in Your name, cast out demons in your name, and done many wonders in Your name?' "And then I will declare to them, 'I never knew you; depart from Me, you who practice LAWLESSNESS!' (Matt. 7: 21-23) 
 "Well did Isaiah prophecy of you hypocrites, as it is written: 
'This people honors Me with their lips, but their heart is far from Me. 
And in vain they worship Me, teaching as doctrines the commandments of men.' For LAYING ASIDE THE COMMANDMENT OF GOD, you hold the tradition of men. (Mark 7: 6-8) 
 Then His Disciples asked Him, saying, "What does this parable mean?" And He (Jesus) said, "To you it has been given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God, but to the rest it is given in parables, that, seeing they may not see, and hearing they may not understand." 
 Likewise the soldiers asked him (Jesus), saying, "And what shall we do?" So he said to them, "Do not intimidate anyone or accuse falsely, and be content with your wages." 
 "Do not give dogs what is holy, and do not throw your pearls before pigs, lest they trample them under foot and turn to attack you." (Jesus) Matt. 7: 6 
 But as for these enemies of mine, who did not want me to reign over them, bring them here and slaughter them before me. (Jesus; Parable of the Minas, Luke 19:27) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Commandments/Traditions 
 
 
 "Well did Isaiah prophecy of you hypocrites, as it is written: 
'This people honors Me with their lips, but their heart is far from Me. 
And in vain they worship Me, teaching as doctrines the commandments of men.' For LAYING ASIDE THE COMMANDMENT OF GOD, you hold the tradition of men. (Mark 7: 6-8) 
 "Why do you also transgress the commandment of God because of your tradition? 
For God commanded, saying, 'Honor your father and your Mother;' and, 'He who curses father or mother, let him be put to death.' 
But you say,'whoever says to his father or mother, "Whatever profit you might have received from me has been dedicated to the Temple" - 
is released from honoring his father…, 
Thus you have made the [Commandment] Word of God of no effect by your tradition. 
Hypocrites! Well did Isaiah prophesy about you, saying: 
"These people draw near to me with their mouth, and honor me with their lips,but their heart is far from Me. 
And in vain they worship Me, teaching as doctrines the commandments of men. [JESUS] (Matt. 15: 3-9) 
 Let love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is evil. Cling to what is good. (Romans 12: 9) 
 …let his prayer become sin. One who turns away his ear from hearing the LAW, even his prayer shall be an abomination. (Psalms 109: 7b) 
 “Circumcision is nothing and uncircumcision is nothing, but keeping the commandments of God is what matters.” (1Corinthians 7: 19) 
 We have been saved to walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit, in order that the righteousness of the Law might be fulfilled in us. (Romans 8:4; paraphrased) 
 
 
 
 
 Righteousness and Justice 
 
 
 
 
 "Those who forsake the law praise the wicked, 
But such as keep the law contend with them." (Prov. 28: 4) 
 "God is angry with the wicked every day." (Psalm 7: 11b) 
 "The wicked shall be turned to hell, and all the nations that forget God." (Psalm 9: 17) 
 "Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord..." (Psalm 33: 12) 
 "For this is the will of God, that by doing good you may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men --" (1 Peter 2: 15) 
 "Keep back your servant also from presumptuous (many) sins; Let them not have dominion over me. Then I shall be blameless. (Psalm 19: 13) 
 "Whoever offers praise glorifies Me; and to him who orders his conduct aright, I will show the salvation of God." (Psalm 50:23) 
 "Here is the patience of the saints; who keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." (Rev. 14: 12) 
 "One who turns away his ear from hearing the law, 
even his prayer shall be an abomination." (Prov. 28: 9) 
 "Do not think that I came to destroy the Law or the Prophets. I did not come to destroy but to fulfill. For assuredly I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle will by no means pass from the Law till all is fulfilled. Whoever therefore breaks one of the least of these commandments and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever does and teaches them, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." [Jesus] (Matt.: 5: 17-19) 
 The Law of the Lord is perfect, restoring the soul; 
The testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the simple; 
The statutes of the Lord are right, rejoicing the heart; 
The commandment of the Lord is pure, enlightening the eyes; 
The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever; 
The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. (Ps. 19: 7-9) 
 "For God has done what the Law, weakened by the flesh, could not do. By sending His own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin, He condemned sin in the flesh, in order that the righteous requirement of the Law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not according to the flesh but according to the Spirit"..."So you also must consider yourselves dead to sin and alive to God in Christ Jesus. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal bodies, to make you obey their passions"..."to set the mind on the Spirit is life and peace. For the mind that is set on the flesh is hostile to God, for it does not submit to God's Law..." (Rom. 8: 3,4; 7: 11,12; 8: 6,7) 
 "But go and learn what this means: 'I desire faithfulness and not sacrifice'..." Jesus (Matt 9:13,a) 
 "For You, O God, have heard my vows; You have given me the heritage of those who fear Your name." (Psalm 61: 5) 
 "He has given food to those who fear Him; 
He will ever be mindful of His covenant. 
He has declared to His people the power of His works, 
In giving them the heritage of the nations. 
The works of His hands are verity and justice; 
All His precepts are sure." (Psalm 111: 5-7) 
 "You shall not follow a multitude in doing evil, nor shall you testify in a dispute so as to turn aside after a multitude in order to pervert justice; nor shall you be partial to a poor man in his dispute...you shall not pervert the justice due to your needy brother in his dispute." (Exodus 23: 3,6) 
 "You shall do no injustice in judgement; you shall not be partial to the poor nor defer to the great, but you shall judge your neighbor fairly."(Leviticus 19: 15) 
 "By justice a king builds up the land, but he who taxes heavily tears it down." (Proverbs 29: 4) 
 "Hate evil and love good, and establish justice in the gate..." (Amos 5: 15a) 
 "Is it not for you to know justice? -- you who hate the good and love the evil." (Micah 3: 1b - 2a) 
 But if you judge the law, you are not a doer of the law but a judge. There is one Lawgiver who is able to save and destroy. (James 4: 11,12) 
 Do you not know that the saints will judge the world?(1)…Do you not know that we are to judge angels? How much more then, matters pertaining to this life?(2)…Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the Kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: neither the sexually immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor men who practice homosexuality(3), nor thieves, nor the greedy, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, will inherit the Kingdom of God.(4) - (1 Corinthians 6: 2,3,9,10) 
 
 
 
 
 Scriptures on Scripture 
 
 
 
 
 All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, thoroughly equipped for every good work. (2 Tim. 3: 16-17) 
 Knowing this first, that no prophecy of Scripture is of any private interpretation, for prophecy never came by the will of man, but men spoke from God as they were moved by the Holy Spirit.(2 Ptr. 1: 20-21) 
 "But the Helper, the Holy Spirit whom the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all things that I said to you." (Jesus to disciples) John 14:26 
 "...He (the Holy Spirit) will guide you into all truth; for He will not speak on His own authority, but whatever He hears He will speak; and He will tell you things to come." (Jesus to disciples) John 16:13 
 "as also our beloved brother Paul, according to the wisdom given to him, has written to you, as also in all his EPISTLES, speaking in them of these things, in which are some things hard to understand, which those who are untaught and unstable twist to their own destruction, as they do also the rest of the SCRIPTURES."--- [ the Apostle Peter speaking about the Apostle Paul] (2 Peter 3: 15-16) 
 I will worship towards your holy temple and praise Your name for Your loving-kindness and Your truth; for You have magnified Your WORD above all Your name. ( Psalm 138: 2) 
 The Lord is well pleased for His righteousness sake; He will magnify the Law and make it honorable. (Isaiah 42: 21) 
 ..."It is written, 'man shall not live by bread alone, but by EVERY WORD that proceeds from the mouth of God.' [Jesus (Matt. 4: 4) quoting Deut. 8: 3] 
 ..."did the Word of God come originally through you? Or was it you only that it reached? (1Cor. 14: 36) 
 "...by the Word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of water and in the water, by which the world that then existed perished, being flooded with water. But the heavens and the earth which now exist are kept in store by the same Word, reserved for fire until the day of judgement and destruction of ungodly men." (2 Peter 3: 5-7) 
 
 
 
 
 Apokatastasis 
 
 
 
 
 "Those from among you shall build the old waste places; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of the streets to dwell in." (Is. 58: 12) 
 "And they shall rebuild the old ruins, they shall raise up the former desolations. And they shall repair the ruined cities, the desolations of many generations." (Is. 61: 4) 
 In that day sing to her, 
“A vineyard of red wine! 
I, the Lord, keep it, 
I water it every moment; 
Lest any hurt it, 
I keep it night and day. 
(Isaiah 27: 1-3) 
 And I said to the king, “If it pleases the king, and if your servant has found favor in your sight, I ask that you send me to Judah, to the city of my fathers’ tombs, that I may rebuild it.” (Neh 2: 5) 
 "And they shall rebuild the old ruins, They shall raise up the former desolations, And they shall repair the ruined cities, The desolations of many generations." (Isaiah 61: 4) 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 Heresies/ False Prophets 
 
 
 
 
 Your prophets have seen for you false and deceptive visions, they have not uncovered your iniquity, ...but have envisioned for you false prophecies and delusions! (Lamentations 2: 14) 
 "...there were false prophets among the people, even as there will be false teachers among you, who will secretly bring in destructive heresies, even denying the Lord who bought them, and bring on themselves swift destruction. And many will follow their destructive ways, because of whom the way of truth will be blasphemed. By covetousness they will exploit you with deceptive words; for a long time their judgement has not been idle, and their destruction does not slumber. (2 Peter 2: 1-3) 
 "...and [God] turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes, condemned them to destruction, making them an example to those who afterward would live ungodly; and delivered righteous Lot, who was oppressed with the filthy conduct of the wicked ( for that righteous man dwelling among them, tormented his righteous soul from day to day by seeing and hearing their lawless deeds)." -- (2 Peter 2: 6-8) 
 "I have written something to the church, but Diotrephes, who likes to put himself first, does not acknowledge our authority. So if I come I will bring up what he is doing, talking wicked nonsense against us..." (The Apostle John; 3 John v. 9-10a) 
 "...certain people have crept in unnoticed who long ago were designated for this condemnation, ungodly people, who pervert the grace of our God into sensuality and deny our only Master and Lord, Jesus Christ... who saved a people out of the land of Egypt, afterword destroyed those who did not believe...just as Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding cities, which likewise indulged in sexual immorality and pursued unnatural desire, serve as an example by undergoing a punishment of eternal fire. Yet in like manner these people also, relying on their dreams, defile the flesh, reject authority, and blaspheme the glorious ones." (Jude v. 4-8) 
 
 
 
 
 Humanist Quotes 
 
 
 
 
 "The American people would never vote for socialism, but under the name of 'liberalism,' the American people will adopt every fragment of the socialist program. One of the traditional methods of IMPOSING statism or socialism on a people has been by way of medicine. It's very easy to disguise a medical program as a humanitarian project. Most people are a little reluctant to oppose anything that suggests medical care for people who possibly can't afford it." 
(Norman Thomas; American Socialist, 1927) 
 ” The traditional institutions of civil society—especially faith-based groups, churches, and private associations—were a problem, from the progressive point of view, as they kept citizens focused on local communities rather than national ideals, and on “separatist dogmas” (read: moral convictions and absolute principles) rather than ideas of progress. The progressive solution to the “problem” of civil society was twofold. There was to be the “widest possible diffusion of secular knowledge” throughout society in order to check the influence of the moral and religious opinions propagated by these institutions. And there would be a general centralization of politics under the national government, as “removing control farther away from the ordinary citizen and taxpayer is tantamount to giving the intelligent, far-sighted and public spirited elements in society a longer lever to work with.” 
Edward Ross 
Principles of Sociology, 1922 
 "...Education is thus a most powerful ally of Humanism, and every American public school is a school of Humanism...what can the theistic Sunday-schools, meeting for an hour once-a-week, and teaching only a fraction of the children, do to stem the tide of a five-day program of Humanist teaching?" 
(Charles F. Potter; Humanism: A New Religion, 1930) 
 "When an opponent declares, 'I will not come over to your side,' I calmly say, 'Your child belongs to us already. What are you? You will pass on. Your decendants, however, now stand in the new camp. In a short time, they will know nothing else but this new community.'" 
(Adolph Hitler) 
 
 
 Quotus Americana 
 
 
 "I believe that our Heavenly Father invented man because He was disappointed with the monkey." 
-Mark Twain- 
 George Washington 
"I now make it my earnest prayer that God would...most graciously be pleased to dispose us all to do justice, to love mercy, and to demean ourselves with that charity, humility, and pacific temper of the mind which were the characteristics of the Divine Author of our blessed religion. 
 You do well to wish to learn our arts and ways of life, and above all, the religion of Jesus Christ. These will make you a greater and happier people than you are. 
While we are zealously performing the duties of good citizens and soldiers, we certainly ought not to be inattentive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of Patriot, it should be our highest glory to add the more distinguished character of Christian." 
by George Washington, 1st President of the U.S.A. 
 John Adams 
"The Christian religion is, above all the religions that ever prevailed or existed in ancient or modern times, the religion of wisdom, virtue, equality and humanity. 
 The General Principles on which the fathers achieved independence were the general principles of Christianity. I will avow that I then believed, and now believe, that those general principles of Christianity are as eternal and immutable as the existence and attributes of God." 
by John Adams, 2nd President of the U.S.A. 
 Thomas Jefferson 
"I am a real Christian -- that is to say, a disciple of the doctrines of Jesus. 
I am a Christian in the only sense in which He wished anyone to be; sincerely attached to His doctrines in preference to all others. 
The doctrines of Jesus are simple, and tend all to the happiness of man. 
 The practice of morality being necessary for the well being of society, He (God) has taken care to impress its precepts so indelibly on our hearts, that they shall not be effaced by the subtleties of our brain. We all agree in the obligation of the moral principles of Jesus and nowhere will they be found delivered in greater purity than in His discourses." 
by Thomas Jefferson, 3rd President of the U.S.A. 
 James Madison 
"I have sometimes thought there could not be a stronger testimony in favor of religion or against temporal enjoyments, even the most rational and manly, than for men who occupy the most honorable and gainful departments and (who) are rising in reputation and wealth, publicly to declare their unsatisfactoriness by becoming fervent advocates in the cause of Christ; and I wish you may give in your evidence in this way. 
 A watchful eye must be kept on ourselves lest, while we are building ideal monuments of renown and bliss here, we neglect to have our names enrolled in the Annals of Heaven." 
by James Madison, 4th President of the U.S.A. 
 Benjamin Franklin 
"As to Jesus of Nazareth, my opinion of whom you particularly desire, I think the system of morals and His religion as He left them to us, the best the world ever saw or is likely to see." 
by Benjamin Franklin, Signer of both, Declaration and Constitution of the U.S.A. 
 “Behold the rain which descends from heaven upon our vineyards, there it enters the roots of the vines, to be changed into wine, a constant proof that God loves us, and loves to see us happy." -- by Benjamin Franklin. 
 Alexander Hamilton 
"I have carefully examined the evidences of the Christian religion, and if I was sitting as a juror upon its authenticity I would unhesitatingly give my verdict in its favor. I can prove its truth as clearly as any proposition ever submitted to the mind of man. 
 You would be convinced, that natural liberty is a gift of the beneficent Creator, to the whole human race; and that civil liberty is founded in that; and cannot be wrested from any people, without the most manifest violation of justice. 
 I have a tender reliance on the mercy of the Almighty, through the merits of the Lord Jesus Christ. I am a sinner. I look to Him for mercy; pray for me." 
by Alexander Hamilton, Constitution signer, Secretary of the Treasury. Author of Federalist Papers. 
 John Hancock 
"Sensible of the importance of Christian piety and virtue to the order and happiness of a state, I cannot but earnestly commend to you every measure for their support and encouragement. 
 Hancock called on citizens to pray: -- "that all nations may bow to the scepter of our Lord Jesus Christ and that the whole earth may be filled with His glory." And that, "with true contrition of heart we may confess our sins, resolve to forsake them, and implore the Divine forgiveness, through the merits and mediation of Jesus Christ, our Savior...And finally to overrule all the commotions in the world to the spreading of the true religion of our Lord Jesus Christ in its purity and power among all the people of the earth." 
by John Hancock, Signer of the Declaration; President of Congress and Governor. 
 Patrick Henry 
"Being a Christian...is a character which I prize far above all this world has or can boast. 
 The Bible...is a book worth more than all the other books that were ever printed. 
 The great pillars of all governments and of social life (are) virtue, morality, and religion. This is the armor, my friend, and this alone, that renders us invincible." 
by Patrick Henry, Constitution Ratifier, Revolutionary General, Governor of Virginia. 
 "There is no country in the world where the Christian religion retains a greater influence over the souls of men than in America." (Alexis de Tocqueville, 1835). 
 
 
 Interesting Quotes 
 
 
 "Christianity can not be caged into a church and confined like a zoo animal." (R.J. Rushdoony) 
 “It is not intelligence that makes men strong and independent, but rather faith and character.” (Rousas John Rushdoony) 
 "Hell is full of brilliant men." (M.R. Rushdoony) 
 "The conservative, fearful of the present and future, looks backward only. The revolutionist is also past-bound: his vision is one of destruction for the past and present and a static, unchanging utopia for the future. Neither is capable of growth, and victory then goes to those who destroy the most. Man in the state of grace is more conservative than the political conservatives: he has a surer grasp of the past and present because he assesses it in terms of the word of God. He is also more radical than the revolutionist because he has a principle of growth in him that requires continual change and progress in terms of the word of God..." Rousas John Rushdoony -- Pastor and Theologian 
 "I no longer believe that there is a moral majority. I do not believe that a majority of Americans actually shares our values ... I believe that we probably have lost the culture war. That doesn't mean the war is not going to continue, and that it isn't going to be fought on other fronts. But in terms of society in general, we have lost. This is why, even when we win in politics, our victories fail to translate into the kind of policies we believe are important." 
Paul Weyrich, Christian Activist (1999). 
 I will confess to you, that the majesty of the Scriptures strikes me with admiration, as the purity of the Gospel has its influence upon my heart. Peruse the works of our philosophers; with all their pomp of diction, how mean, how contemptible, are they, compared with the Scriptures! Is it possible that a Book at once so simple and sublime should be merely the work of man?...It is possible that the person whose history it relates be Himself a mere man?...Where is the man, where the philosopher who could so live, suffer, and die, without weakness and without ostentation!...Yes, if the life and death of Socrates are those of a philosopher, the life and death of Jesus Christ are those of a God. 
Jean Jacques Roussaeu (1712-1778) French Philosopher and Author; Quoted from Emilius and Sophia, Vol.III, Book IV. 
 Everything is good when it leaves the hands of the Creator; everything degenerates in the hands of man. 
Jean Jacques Rousseau: from Emile; ou, De l’Education. (1762) 
 “It is true, that a little philosophy inclineth man’s mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy brings about man’s mind to religion: For while the mind of man looketh upon second causes scattered, it may sometimes rest in them, and go no further; but when it beholdeth the chain of them confederate and linked together, it must needs fly to Providence and Deity.” Sir Francis Bacon (1561-1626) 
 “All things have sprung from nothing and are borne forward to infinity. Who can follow out such an astonishing career? The Author of these wonders, and He alone, can comprehend them.” - Blaise Pascal (1623-1662) 
 “I have concluded the evident existence of God, and that my existence depends entirely on God in all the moments of my life, that I do not think that the human spirit may know anything with greater evidence and certitude.” - René Descartes (1596-1650) 
 “Without God nothing can be conceived.” - Benedict de Spinoza (1623-1677) 
 “If you think of this world as a place intended simply for our happiness, you find it quite intolerable: think of it as a place of training and correction and it’s not so bad.” C.S. Lewis (1898-1963) 
 "Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning. . ." C.S. Lewis (1898-1963) 
 "In a time of universal deceit—telling the truth is a revolutionary act" (George Orwell). Even if the whole world has gone mad, speak the truth anyway. It's the revolutionary thing to do. 
 "Right is right even if nobody does it. Wrong is wrong even if everybody is wrong about it" (G. K. Chesterton). Right and wrong have never been determined by majority rule or by societal trends or by public opinion. So do what is right because it is right. 
 "For we can do nothing against the truth but only for the truth" (the apostle Paul, 2 Corinthians 13:8). Kingdoms will come and go; giant mountains will crumble into the dust; the entire physical world will be shaken one day. But God's truth will remain stable and firm. Be sure to stand with the truth, not against it. 
 "The truth is like a lion; you don't have to defend it. Let it loose; it will defend itself" (Augustine). Be bold. Propagate the truth. Get the message out without apology. The truth will fight for itself. 
 "Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened" (Billy Graham). Why not determine to be that brave man or woman? If you do this in your private life, you will soon be doing it in your public life. Perhaps you'll actually help spark a revolution. 
 "A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it" (G. K. Chesterton). Are you dead or alive? Then prove it by swimming against the tide and going against the grain. 
 "Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching" (C. S. Lewis). If you live to please God, you will never be disappointed. He sees your heart and He knows the truth, and when no one else is watching, He is watching intently. 
 "Cowardice asks the question, is it safe? Expediency ask the question, is it politic? Vanity asks the question, is it popular? But, conscience ask the question, is it right? And there comes a time when we must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but one must take it because it is right" (Martin Luther King, Jr.). Now is that time. Enough said. 
 "The grass withers, the flower fades when the breath of the LORD blows on it; surely the people are grass. The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God will stand forever" (Is. 40:7-8). Count on it. When the names of the most famous men and women of this generation are long forgotten, God's Word will be standing strong. 
 "Heaven and earth will pass away, but My words will never pass away" (Jesus, Matthew 24:35). Count on this too. When the boasts and threats of radical Islam no longer exist, when the mockery of the new atheists is remembered with pity, when the voice of the hostile media is no longer heard, when Internet is looked at as a primitive antique, the words of Jesus will still be revered. 
 
 
 Consumerism…Consumption… 
 
 
 "The problem with any Communistic or Socialistic economy is that of capital consumption -- they consume capital rather than create capital. Eventually the capital runs out. Those who oppose capitalism claim it is a materialistic scheme which promotes consumerism. But, it is they who are the true consumptionists; who consume capital rather than create it!" RJR 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 
 
 
 39,938 hits 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 Postings Calendar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 August 2016 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jul   Sep » 
 
 
 
 
 * [](http://gehadsjourney.wordpress.com)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 * [](https://legal.internetdigitalmarketing.guru)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 * [](http://DCWhispers.com)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 * [](http://becominghistapestry.com)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Echo Reverb Feedback 
 
 
 Wonderful, what a web site it is! This webpage gives useful data to us, keep it up. 
 I constantly spent my half an hour to read this 
weblog’s content daily along with a mug of coffee. 
 You could definitely see your enthusiasm in the work 
you write. The world hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. At all times go after your heart. 
 excellent points altogether, you simply won a new reader. 
 You need to take part in a contest for one of the highest quality websites on the internet. I will highly recommend this website! 
 I just want to tell you that I am newbie to blogging and site-building and certainly liked you’re blog site. Likely I’m want to bookmark your website . You absolutely come with beneficial posts. Thanks for revealing your website. 
 Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very difficult to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and appearance. I must say you’ve done a awesome job with this. Additionally, the blog loads super quick for me on Firefox. Outstanding Blog! 
 I’m now not positive where you’re getting your info, but great topic. I must spend a while studying much more or working out more. Thank you for excellent information I used to be searching for this information for my mission. 
 It’s a shame you don’t have a donate button! I’d definitely donate to this brilliant blog! 
I guess for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. 
I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this website with my Facebook group. Talk soon! 
 I read this post completely concerning the difference of most up-to-date and preceding technologies, it’s awesome article. 
 I am genuinely thankful to the owner of this web page who has shared this enormous piece of writing at here. 
 This is a great A to Z on how to establish a strong online presence! Wonderful info, incredibly newbie-friendly, comprehensive and thorough. 
 Thanks for sharing your info. I truly appreciate 
your efforts and I will be waiting for your next post thanks once again. 
 This design is incredible! You most certainly know how 
to keep a reader entertained... Wonderful job. I really enjoyed what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. 
Too cool! 
 Magnificent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just too great. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, really like what you are stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still take care to keep it wise. I can not wait to read much more from you. 
This is actually a terrific site. 
 My brother suggested I might like this blog. 
He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time 
I had spent for this information! Thanks! 
 I love it when individuals get together and share opinions. Great site, stick with it! 
 I just want to mention I am very new to weblog and absolutely loved you’re web-site. Very likely I’m want to bookmark your blog . You really have terrific writings. Thanks for revealing your web site. 
 Greetings from Ohio! I’m bored to death at work so I decided to browse your site on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. 
I’m amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, amazing blog! 
 Excellent pieces. Keep writing such kind of information on your blog. Im really impressed by your site. 
 Hey there, You have done a great job. I will certainly digg it and in my view suggest to my friends. I am sure they will be benefited from this site. 
 This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. 
 I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I’ve shared your web site in my social networks! 
 Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this blog before however after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m definitely glad I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently! 
 Hello! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this post to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. 
Many thanks for sharing! 
 What’s Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have found It absolutely useful and it has aided me out loads. I hope to give a contribution & aid other users like its helped me. Good job. 
 Hi! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the outstanding work! 
 Thanks for ones marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed 
reading it, you will be a great author. I will make sure to bookmark your blog and will come back in the future. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great writing, have a nice evening! 
 Can I simply say what a relief to discover somebody that truly understands what they are talking about on the internet. You certainly know how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More and more people need to read this and understand this side of the story. 
I was surprised you’re not more popular given that you definitely possess the gift. 
 I'm amazed, I have to admit. Rarely do I encounter a blog that is equally educative and engaging, and without a doubt, you’ve hit the nail on the head. The problem is something which not enough people are speaking intelligently about. I’m very happy that I stumbled across this during my search for something concerning this. 
 Simply wished to tell you Now i am glad I stumbled on your site. 
 I really like looking through an article that can make men and women think. Also, many thanks for allowing for me to comment! 
 I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your website. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. 
 Every weekend i used to pay a quick visit this web page, as i want enjoyment, since this site contains in fact fastidious funny material too. 
 Oh my goodness! Awesome article dude! Thank you. 
 Hi! Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to take a look. 
I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking 
and will be tweeting this to my followers! Exceptional blog and amazing style and design. 
 Good site you have here.. It is hard to find good quality writing like yours these days. I really appreciate people like you! Take care!! 
 I would like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put 
in penning this site. I am hoping to see the same high-grade content from you in the future as well. In fact, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my very own website now. 
 Hi I am so delighted I found your blog, I really found you by error, while I was searching on Askjeeve for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say kudos for a fantastic post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to go through it all at the moment but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more. Please do keep up the great work. 
 Hey friend, I just wanted to share with you of how your post was worthwhile for me. We were fortunate to take the tips you so generously created and try it. Your website posting really made it simpler for me and I would like to inform your devoted readers how they genuinely have someone who has their thoughts straight. Thank you so much once more for a great article. I’ve book marked this on my favored internet bookmarking web site and I advise everyone else do the exact same. 
 I’m extremely pleased to discover this great site. I wanted to thank you for ones time for this particularly wonderful read!! 
I definitely enjoyed every part of it and I have you book-marked to look at new things on your website. 
 I’m no longer certain where you’re getting your info, but good topic. I need to spend some time studying more or understanding more. 
Thanks for magnificent info I was searching for this information for my mission. 
 you are in reality a just right webmaster. The web site loading velocity is incredible. It sort of feels that you’re doing any distinctive trick. Furthermore, The contents are masterwork. you have done a wonderful task on this topic! 
 Unquestionably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they plainly don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side effect, people could take a signal. 
Will probably be back to get more. Thanks. 
 Gnarly post mate, maintain the great work, just shared this with ma friendz. 
 Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve visited this 
website before but after looking at many of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m certainly delighted I discovered it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back frequently! 
 I am genuinely thankful to the owner of this web page who has shared this enormous piece of writing at here. 
 My spouse and I stumbled over here from a different web address and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so now i’m following you. Look forward to looking into your web page again. 
 Howdy! Someone in my Facebook group shared this website with us so I came to look it over. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Superb blog and terrific style and design. 
 Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and appearance. I must say that you’ve done a great job with this. Also, the blog loads super fast for me on Internet explorer. 
Superb Blog! 
 It’s a pity you don’t have a donate button! I’d definitely donate to this fantastic blog! I suppose for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will talk about this blog with my Facebook group. Chat soon! 
 Hi there! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a 
community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a wonderful job! 
 Great article! Thіs is the kіnԁ off infoгmation that should bе shared aгound the web. Shame οn the seek engines fоr no longer positioning thіs publish upper! Come on ovеr and talk over with my web site . Τhank yоu. 
 I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You’ve made my day! Thx again! 
 Thank you for another great article. Where else may just anybody get that type of information in such a perfect way of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I’m at the look for such information. 
 Thanks for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do a little research on this. We got a grab a book from our area library but I think I learned more from this post. I am very glad to see such great information being shared freely out there. 
 I would like to express appreciation to this writer just for rescuing me from this challenge. Because of looking out through the the web and seeing suggestions which are not helpful, I believed my entire life was gone. Existing devoid of the solutions to the problems you have fixed all through your website is a crucial case, and those that would have in a negative way damaged my career if I had not noticed your web blog. Your own expertise and kindness in handling all the pieces was helpful. I am not sure what I would’ve done if I had not come across such a thing like this. I am able to now look ahead to my future. Thanks a lot very much for your expert and amazing help. I won’t hesitate to endorse your blog to any person who will need direction on this situation. (Gospelbbq is humbled and deeply touched by these comments--blessings) 
 Together with every little thing which seems to be building throughout this subject material, all your perspectives are rather radical. On the other hand, I beg your pardon, because I do not give credence to your entire idea, all be it exhilarating none the less. It would seem to everyone that your commentary are generally not completely justified and in actuality you are generally yourself not really completely confident of the point. In any case I did enjoy reading through it. 
 Hi, I happened to find brilliant notions . Keep it up! 
 Definitely imagine that which you stated. Your favorite justification seemed to be at the web the simplest thing to be mindful of. I say to you, I definitely get irked while other people think about concerns that 
they plainly do not recognize about. You controlled to hit the nail upon the highest as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. 
Will likely be again to get more. Thank you 
 Very excellent web page thanks so much for the time in writing the posts for all of us to learn about. 
 Magnificent goods from you, man. I understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely wonderful. I actually like what you have acquired here, certainly like what you are stating and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still care for to keep it smart. I can’t wait to read much more from you. This is really a wonderful web site. 
 You have ten of the best fingers I have ever seen! 
 Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book on it or something. I think that you can do with a few pics to drive the message home a little bit, but instead of that, this is excellent blog. A great read. I will certainly be back. 
 Can I simply just say what a comfort to uncover an individual who really knows what they are discussing online. You certainly understand how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people should look at this and understand this side of your story. I can’t believe you are not more popular since you surely possess the gift. 
 Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I will be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again very soon! 
 Greetings I am so delighted I found your blog page, 
I really found you by error, while I was researching on Digg for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thanks for a tremendous post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to look over it all at the moment but I have book-marked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the awesome job. 
 Dude.. I’m not substantially into studying, but somehow I obtained to undergo lots of short article content material together with your web site. Its wonderful how attention-grabbing it really is for me to go to you pretty frequently. 
 Hi, I found your website after i was hunting Bling for web-sites linked to this content material. I planned to explain to you, your internet site is good. I like the structure much too, its good. I haven’t got time now to completely read your site but We have bookmarked it and i also signed up on your RSS feed. I will be back again in a day or two. Thanks for any fantastic web site. 
 Great article, exactly what I was looking for. 
 I have been exploring for a bit for any high-quality articles or weblog posts on this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this 
web site. Studying this information So i am glad to show that I’ve an incredibly good uncanny feeling I came upon just what I needed. I most for sure will make sure to do not omit this site and give it a look on a continuing basis. 
 Hello, just wanted to tell you, I loved this blog post. 
It was funny. Keep on posting! 
 It’s not my first time to visit this web site, i am browsing this site daily and obtain fastidious facts from here every day. 
 I enjoyed this piece of writing. I hope you keep writing, I’ll be coming back time and time again. Thanks comrade. 
 Thanks to my father who told me concerning this blog, this website is in fact amazing. 
 Hey there! I simply would like to give you a big thumbs up for your great info you have here on this post. I will be coming back to your web site for more soon. 
 This post is priceless. How can I find out more? 
 I read this post completely concerning the difference of most up-to-date and preceding technologies, it’s awesome article. 
 My spouse and I stumbled over here different web address and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to looking into your web page repeatedly. 
 Hello I am so thrilled I found your blog, I really 
found you by error, while I was searching on Yahoo for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say cheers for a tremendous post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the superb b. 
 When someone writes an post he/she keeps the idea of a user in his/her mind that how a user can understand it. Thus that’s why this post is amazing. 
Thanks! 
 Saved as a favorite, I like your website! 
 Very good post! We will be linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the good writing. 
 Excellent blog post. I definitely love this site. 
Thanks! 
 Hey from across the ocean! This is just what I was hunting for, and you got it right. Thanks 
 Howdy very cool website!! Man ... Beautiful ... Wonderful. I’ll bookmark your blog and take the feeds additionally? 
 I’m satisfied to find a lot of helpful info right here within the publish, we want to work out more strategies on this regard, thanks for sharing. . . 
 Hey there! I simply would like to give you a big thumbs up for your great info you have here on this post. I will be coming back to your web site for more soon. 
 You are so interesting! I do not think I’ve read something like that before. So good to find another person with genuine thoughts on this topic. 
Seriously... many thanks for starting this up. This web site is one thing that is needed on the web, someone with some originality! 
 It’s going to be finish of mine day, but before end I am reading this fantastic post to improve my knowledge. 
 Hello there, You’ve done an incredible job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am confident they’ll be benefited from this site. 
 You ought to take part in a contest for one of the most 
useful sites on the internet. I am going to highly recommend this web site! 
 I am not a Christian and do not have a church going lifestyle. I am however a believer and unshakable faith in my creator. Just thought it was nice to find out about the God particle and how it answers the verse in Isaiah about God holding Everything together in His hands. Including the vast universe…. 
 Hi, just wanted to mention, I loved this post. 
It was inspiring. Keep on posting! 
 Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book on it or something. 
I think that you can do with a few pics to drive the message home a bit, but other than that, this is excellent blog. An excellent read. I will definitely be back. 
 I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I do not know who you are but certainly you’re going to a famous blogger if you aren’t already. Cheers! 
 Excellent goods from you, man. I’ve take into account your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely excellent. I actually like what you have obtained here, certainly like what you are saying and the best way during which you say it. You’re making it entertaining and you continue to take care of to keep it wise. 
I cant wait to learn far more from you. That is actually a wonderful website. 
 An interesting discussion is definitely worth 
comment. I believe that you need to write more about this subject matter, it might not be a taboo matter but typically people do not discuss such subjects. 
To the next! Kind regards!! 
 Hurrah! Finally I got a blog from where I be capable 
of really obtain useful information regarding my study and knowledge. 
 Generally I do not learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, very great article. 
 My partner and I stumbled over here by a different web page and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to 
looking over your web page again. 
 I’m not that much of a online reader to be honest but your sites really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your website to come back in the future. Cheers! 
 Having read this I thought it was rather informative. I appreciate you spending some time and energy to put this information together. I once again find myself personally spending a significant amount of time both reading and commenting. But so what, it was still worthwhile! 
 Generally I do not learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do so! Your writing taste has surprised me. Thank you, very great article. 
 After looking at a number of the blog posts on your website, I honestly appreciate your technique of blogging. I saved it to my bookmark webpage list and will be checking back soon. Please check out my web site too and let me know how you feel. 
 Good day I am so happy I found your site, I really found you by accident, while I was browsing on Yahoo for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thank you for a incredible post and a all 
round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to read it all at the minute but I have book-marked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so 
when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the excellent job. 
 You’re actually a excellent webmaster. The web site loading velocity is incredible. It sort of feels that you’re doing any unique trick. 
Furthermore, The contents are masterwork. 
You have done an excellent process on this topic! 
 You're so cool! I don't suppose I've read anything like this before. So nice to search out any individual with some original thoughts on this subject. Really thank you for starting this up. This website is one thing that is wanted on the web, Somebody with a bit of originality. Useful job for bringing something new to the internet! 
 Insightful article, I’ve been looking for info on the question of why missionary endeavors in Japan do so poorly. One correction: the Gospel first entered Japan in the 17th century with Francis Xavier, not the 19th. I don’t know what your thoughts on the Catholic church are, but I suppose this was just an oversight. 
 What difference does it make to line LGBT up for a parade on St. Patrick’s Day versus having them on the same planet all the time? Jesus said that wheat and weeds will grow together until the harvest. We are not the harvesters either. We need to allow God to be God and not interfere with God’s workings. We always identify ourselves with the “wheat” and the saved and the holy and the faithful. We have to watch holding ourselves above others and holding everyone else in contempt. 
Gospelbbq replied: 
Allow God? …Not interfere with God’s workings? God is God and by his love He has chosen to work through us, empowering His kingdom people, by the Holy Spirit to advance the gospel and teach nations. Blessings…thanks for stopping by and commenting. 
 My dream retirement is to never must deal together with the cold of winter or heat of summer. An A-Frame in Vermont along with a cottage by the sea near Savannah. 
 Hurrah! In the end I got a weblog from where I know how to in fact obtain helpful data regarding my study and knowledge. 
 I am always looking online for posts that can help me. Thx! 
 I was looking at some of your blog posts on this internet site and I believe this internet site is real informative ! Keep on posting. 
 This is such a superior idea. A friend of mine sent me your weblink. It’s such a very good way to engage readers offline and get physical mail which everyone loves. I may really have to do this after my blog is up and running a bit more. 
 I am sure this article has touched all the internet people, its really really fastidious post on building up new weblog. 
 Only a smiling visitor here to share the love (:, btw outstanding style and design. 
 Rattling fantastic visual appeal on this site, I’d value it 10 10. 
 This website was… how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped 
me. Cheers! 
 Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very difficult to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and appearance. I must say you’ve done a awesome job with this. Additionally, the blog loads super quick for me on Firefox. Outstanding Blog! 
 I think the admin of this site is genuinely working hard in support of his web site, as here every stuff is quality based information. 
 Wow, that’s what I was exploring for, what a information! existing here at this weblog, thanks admin of this web site. 
 Very descriptive article, I enjoyed that a lot. Will there be a part 2? 
 Hi there, I check your blogs daily. Your humoristic style is awesome, keep doing what you’re doing! 
 Usually I do not learn post on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very compelled me to try and do so! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, quite great article. 
 Appreciating the time and energy you put into your site and detailed information you provide. 
 It’s awesome to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same out of date rehashed information. Excellent read! I’ve saved your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account. 
 Hi there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I will definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I’m confident they’ll be benefited from this website. 
 I blog often and I seriously thank you for your 
content. The article has truly peaked my interest. 
I’m going to bookmark your site and keep checking for new details about once a week. 
I subscribed to your RSS feed as well. 
 I’m impressed, I have to admit. Rarely do I encounter 
a blog that’s both equally educative and engaging, and without a doubt, you’ve hit the nail on the head. The problem is something that too few men and women are speaking intelligently about. Now i’m very happy I came across this during my hunt for something regarding this. 
 Very rapidly this site will be famous among all blog visitors, due to it’s good posts. 
 I have been browsing online more than 3 hours these days, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It’s pretty price sufficient for me. In my view, if all website owners and bloggers made just right content material as you probably did, the net shall be much more helpful than ever before. 
 Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return. 
 Hello! ӏ’m at work browsing your blog fгom my neѡ iphone! Jսst wanted to say I love reading yoսr blog and look forward to all youг posts! Cаrry on the fantastic work! 
 Thanks for this post, I am a big big fan of this internet site would like to continue updated. 
 Hey there! I’ve been following your site for some time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from New Caney Texas! Just wanted to mention keep up the fantastic job! 
 Some really excellent blog posts on this internet site, appreciate it for contribution. 
 Thank you for sharing excellent informations. Your site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you have on this website. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for extra articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched everywhere and just could not come across. What a great web site. 
 Great wordpress blog here.. It's hard to find quality writing like yours these days. I really appreciate people like you! take care. 
 I have recently started a website, the information you provide on this web site has helped me greatly. Thanks for all of your time & work. 
 Very interesting information! Perfect , just what I was looking for! “We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.” by Johann von Goethe. 
 Your style is so unique in comparison to other folks I’ve read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this site. 
 A lot of of what you claim happens to be surprisingly accurate and it makes me ponder why I hadn’t looked at this in this light previously. Your piece really did turn the light on for me personally as far as this specific subject matter goes. Nonetheless there is just one point I am not necessarily too cozy with so whilst I try to reconcile that with the actual main theme of your point, permit me observe exactly what the rest of the visitors have to say.Well done. 
 My partner and I absolutely love your blog and find nearly all of your post’s to be just what I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content for you? I wouldn’t mind creating a post or elaborating on a number of the subjects you write related to here. Again, awesome weblog! 
 Hi to all, it’s actually a good for me to visit this web site, it consists of priceless Information. 
 bookmarked!!, I love your website! 
 Simply wish to say your article is as surprising. 
The clarity to your post is simply cool and i can assume you’re a professional on this subject. Well with your permission let me to take hold of your feed to stay updated with forthcoming post. Thanks one million and please keep up the gratifying work. 
 Good day very nice website!! Guy .. Beautiful .. Wonderful ... I will bookmark your site and take the feeds additionally. 
 Great items from you, man. I’ve be aware your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely fantastic. 
 I really like what you’ve got here, certainly like what you are saying and the way in which you are saying it. 
 You are making it entertaining and you still take care of to stay it sensible. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is actually a wonderful web site. 
 What’s up, after reading this remarkable paragraph i am as well cheerful to share my experience here with colleagues. 
 Very good post. I’m dealing with many of these issues as well... 
 Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up plus the rest of the website is extremely good. 
 The write-up is in reality the excellent on this worthy topic. I match in with your conclusions and looking forward to your coming updates. Just saying thanks won’t just be sufficient, for that fantastic clarity in your writing. I’ve grabbed your rss feed to remain informed of any updates. Gratifying perform and considerably 
success inside your business dealings! 
 This was a fantastic study. Thank you for sharing it about! Nowadays the web is full of poor content however, there’s no doubt which you simply spent long by editing this post. Again, appreciate your time as well as your efforts! 
 Awesome article. 
 Hey there! This is my first visit to your blog! 
We are a team of volunteers and starting a new 
project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job! 
 Hello, I read your blog daily. Your story-telling style is witty, keep up the good work! 
 I couldn’t refrain from commenting. Perfectly written! (The Unity of the Old and New Testaments) 
 Everything is very open with a clear description of the challenges. It was definitely informative. Your site is extremely helpful. Thanks for sharing! 
 This website really has all the information and facts I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. 
 Greetings! Very useful advice in this particular post! 
It is the little changes that make the greatest changes. 
Many thanks for sharing! 
 Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! 
I seriously enjoyed reading it, you may be a great author. I will make certain to bookmark your blog and will come back sometime soon. I want to encourage you to definitely continue your great work, have a nice weekend! 
 Hi, I check your new stuff on a regular basis. 
Your humoristic style is witty, keep doing what 
you’re doing! 
 Touche. Solid arguments. Keep up the good spirit. 
  gospelbbq  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
