
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Workforce50 Jobs 
 
 
 Job Seeker 
 
 General Job Search 
 Job Seeker Information 
 Favorite Employers in Education 
 Favorite Employers in Government 
 Favorite Employers in Healthcare 
 Favorite Employers in Insurance 
 Favorite Corporate Employers 
 
 
 
 Employer 
 
 
 Workforce50 LIBRARY 
 
 Résumés & Career Marketing 
 Optimizing LinkedIn for Job Search 
 Changing Careers & Job Transition 
 Think Like an Employer 
 Personal Finance Approaching Retirement 
 The Essentials of Medicare 
 Finding Meaning & Purpose 
 Building a Better Workforce 
 Federal Job Search 
 Military to Civilian 
 Exploring Franchising 
 Home Based Business Toolkit 
 Playing Hardball - Why Boomers Aren't Getting Jobs 
 Surefire Strategies for Midlife Job Seekers 
 Strategies to Build Self Confidence 
 Other Job Search Tips 
 Favorite Books about Midlife and Career 
 Book Reviews 
 Free Resources and Trade Publications 
 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Job Seekers: Job Search using Workforce50 Tools 
 Workforce50.com provides a host of job search tools. This section will help the job seeker navigate through all of them and decide which ones to use. 
 Step 1: Browse Workforce50 Jobs - Our Exclusive Job Board Listings 
 The most recent addition to the website,  Workforce50 Jobs  is a full-service job board where employers advertise directly to our older and experienced audience of job seekers. Employers advertising here are reaching out and looking for older workers. Be advised this feature is new and will be growing in volume as we promote. So be sure to register for job alerts on the Workforce50 Jobs page to get notices of new exclusive job postings. 
 Employers Seeking Older Workers: 
 Employers post directly to the  Workforce50 Jobs  exclusive job board to reach our older and experienced audience. Be sure to check today's listings. Here is a sample: 
   Maintenance Manager - Portland, OR 
 Home Health Aides and Companion Caregivers - Fleming Island, FL 
 Senior Software Engineer - Long Beach, CA 
 Industry Marketing Manager for Manufacturing - Long Beach, CA 
 Associate Advisor - Washington, DC 
 Practice Scheduler/Manager - Edison, NJ 
 CNA or Home Health Aide or Caregiver - Bethlehem, PA 
 2021 Tax Season LTE Opportunities - Madison, WI 
 Step 2: Browse Jobs from ZipRecruiter - More Jobs from Our Job Partner 
 As a leading job aggregator and online recruitment platform for employers, ZipRecruiter provides a high volume of the most up-to-the-minute job openings across all industries and disciplines wherever you are located in the United States. This search tool provides many jobs but not necessarily all from proven age-friendly employers. 
 Quick Job Search by State: 
 Alabama   Alaska   Arizona   Arkansas   California   Colorado   Connecticut   Delaware   District of Columbia   Florida   Georgia   Hawaii   Idaho   Illinois   Indiana   Iowa   Kansas   Kentucky   Louisiana   Maine   Maryland   Massachusetts   Michigan   Minnesota   Mississippi   Missouri   Montana   Nebraska   Nevada   New Hampshire   New Jersey   New Mexico   New York   North Carolina   North Dakota   Ohio   Oklahoma   Oregon   Pennsylvania   Rhode Island   South Carolina   South Dakota   Tennessee   Texas   Utah   Vermont   Virginia   Washington   West Virginia   Wisconsin   Wyoming 
 Step 3: Sign Up for Job Alerts 
 The short form is located in the right sidebar and allows you to register as many individual job searches on ZipRecruiter as you would like. It is keyword driven and delivers the results to your email inbox. For the most effective searches, create a separate search for each job title or function that you are interested in. 
 Powered by ZipRecruiter 
 Step 4: Search Current Jobs with our Favorite Employers 
 One of the common complaints from older workers during a job search is that employers are looking for younger people and may not be age-friendly in their hiring practices or recruitment efforts. We have provided a section of the website that lists employers based on their reputation for being age-friendly in hiring. Browse the list of these employers and browse their current job listings. 
 
 Favorite Employers in Education 
 Favorite Employers in Healthcare 
 Favorite Employers in Government 
 Favorite Employers in Insurance 
 Other Favorite Corporate Employers 
 
 Step 5: Search Current Jobs by Career 
 In the  career section  of the website, Workforce50 worked to identify a subset of careers that could be of interest for mid to late-career changers. These careers generally have limited specific educational requirements for workers looking for a change in direction but not a significant investment in more education at this stage in life. Further, the careers listed were identified as suitable for older workers. Relative compensation levels along with jobs data from the government (currently being updated) is displayed. On each individual career page, there is a link to its current job listings. 
 If you are considering a career change but don't know what to do, take a look at the  real career stories  for inspiration on how our contributors found their new occupations. 
 
 For those who are not looking for a new job or career, but may be considering a search, the resources in the  Workforce50 Library  can be of considerable assistance. Browse the list of experts and columns to read their insightful articles. 
 Get Your Degree! 
 Find schools and get information on the program that's right for you. 
 Powered by  Campus Explorer 
 Job Search Form    |    Write for Us    |    Contact    |    Privacy    |    Terms    |    About 
 (C) Copyright 2021 Prancing Dog Publications LLC 
 More on Facebook    |    More on Twitter    |    More on YouTube 
