Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Enterprise Storage Lead 
 Bombardier 
 __Dorval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Enterprise Storage Lead-MON17425 
 Description 
 BOMBARDIER 
 At Bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. If you have a good idea, we’ll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. Your ideas are our fuel. 
 In your role, you will: 
 
 Lead storage technology strategy and capability roadmaps across the Enterprise in accordance to Business priority and TCO direction. 
 Communicate and articulate the storage architectural vision in terms that targeted recipient / action owners can comprehend. 
 Own storage architectural solution designs that are multidimensional/cross disciplinary, with Data integrity and User experience at the core. 
 Develop solutions to most complex problems with out-of-the-box thinking and ingenuity with strong Quality management, supporting High Availability, Business Continuity, and Disaster Recovery requirements. 
 Bring together 360 views of architectural aspects of the storage strategy and communicates the overall landscape to the stakeholders. 
 Analyze and recommend costs, values and risks of BIS/IT storage technology services. 
 Consult, gather artifacts, and conduct interviews to set storage technology direction and communicate with stakeholders. 
 Create and maintain storage Technical Architecture and core designs / design patterns for BIS/IT Businesses/Functions adoption. 
 Monitor changes and advancements in storage technology to discover ways Bombardier can gain competitive advantage. 
 Drive Proof of Concepts and new technology/innovation assessments for storage leading to Pilot and eventual adoption. 
 Provide technical direction in detailed storage design to product team and strategic programs/initiatives including M&A. 
 Identify required technical and security skills required to meet future storage technology vision. 
 Drive business centric mindset with strong verbal and written communications skills and the ability to interact professionally at all levels of the organization and across multiple technological and business functions. 
 Educate others and explain complex concepts with clarity, influence through knowledge sharing presentations and written documents. 
 Be confident to challenge the status quo and lead change in the organization. 
 Demonstrate understanding of modern storage architecture and design, with mix of creative and technical thinking driving a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. 
 Operate at highly varying levels of abstraction including business strategy, technology strategy, technical design and implementation. 
 Define the overall Enterprise Storage Architecture, integrates with Enterprise Architecture & Application Portfolio Standards, Cyber first and Interoperability guidelines, standard technology building blocks framework, and key technology skills reflecting Bombardier Business Strategic priorities as approved by BIS Leadership team and CIO 
 Drive storage technology roadmap convergence per defined standards and maintain Total Cost of Ownership through clear rationalization strategy and strong journey management in transforming business centric Technology Architecture strategy 
 Establish storage technology innovation, assessment, and adoption framework in strong partnership with peer groups across Automation, Analytics, Collaboration, Data Management, and User Experience platforms to deliver user centric operating experience and design thinking 
 Manage relationship with Business/Function Value Stream Leaders in close partnership with BIS Colleagues and evangelize standard Enterprise Architecture mandates as prioritized by Business Strategic plans 
 
 Qualifications 
 As our ideal candidate, 
 
 You have a University Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or relevant technical degrees 
 You have minimum 3 years training (academic AND on the job) in Enterprise Storage and Architecture or Industry certification 
 You have 7 years of experience as Storage specialist, architecture solutioning/governance 
 You have 7 years of experience in Information Technology or Design Engineering 
 You have 5 years experience as ITIL expert and Project management 
 You have 5 years experience with supplier / partner management and Contract management 
 You have 5 years situation leadership in addressing complex situations, incidents, problems & crisis 
 You have 4 years of related experience in Cyber Security or Security Operations 
 You have 3 years of experience in IT applications and Cloud connectivity 
 You have 3 year of experience in IT Data Center Operations, Agile programs leveraging DevOps tools 
 
 Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. 
 Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com 
 Your ideas move people. 
 #LI-RK1 
 Job:  Information Systems and Information Technologies 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal Dorval 
 Organization:  Aerospace 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  01.10.2020, 4:07:55 PM 
 Unposting Date:  Ongoing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
