Toggle navigation 
 
 HOME 
 ABOUT US 
 HOW IT WORKS 
 FAQs 
 CAREERS 
 SUPPORT 
 SIGNUP 
 MY ACCOUNT 
 
 Careers 
 Job Openings 
 Call us at:  1-855-565-WORK (9675)  for more information on our job openings. 
 Personal Assistant 
 The personal assistant will need to have excellent English communication skills - both written and spoken - because he/she will help foreign business people with their day to day activities. 
 Apply Now 
 Sales Representative 
 We are looking for a young dynamic and energetic Sales Executive. The sales representative will need to have excellent English communication skills - both written and spoken - because they will sell retail products, goods, and services to customers in the North American market. The sales representative will work with customers to find what they want, create solutions and ensure a smooth sales process. Sales representatives will also work to find new sales leads through business directories, client referrals, other methodologies. 
 Apply Now 
 Customer Service Representative 
 The customer support representative will need to have excellent English communication skills - both written and spoken - because he/she will help foreign customers with complaints and questions, give customers information about products and services, take orders, and process returns. 
 Apply Now 
 Marketing Coordinator 
 The marketing coordinator must be equipped with excellent communication skills. He/she will coordinate with the team and client about all project-related details and work assignments. 
 Apply Now 
 Web Designer 
 Experience required in modern design techniques and software needed for daily tasks. UI/UX design experience is desirable. 
 Apply Now 
 Web Developer 
 Experienced professionals with proven skills in all the relevant programming languages. Should be comfortable working on different CMS like Wordpress and Magento. 
 Apply Now 
 SEO Specialist 
 The SEO specialist should have experience in all relevant white-hat SEO practices. He/she should be able to handle keywords analysis and website audits daily and make appropriate changes to improve search engine results. 
 Apply Now 
 Content Writer 
 Impeccable writing abilities required. The content writer should have abilities in content ideation, management, SEO optimization, and creation. 
 Apply Now 
 Social Media Specialist 
 The ideal candidate needs to coordinate multi-channel product marketing campaigns across Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and other social channels. She/he will work with key stakeholders in operations and creative teams in a fast-paced environment. 
 Apply Now 
 Digital Advertising Specialist 
 A digital advertising specialist will need to handle, review, and perform daily account responsibilities associated with Google AdWords, Bing Ads, and other search and social platforms for a variety of clients. 
 Apply Now 
 Bookkeeper 
 A bookkeeper needs to have complete knowledge of bookkeeping, accounting, and all other financial and tax processes. They also need to have excellent English communication skills. 
 Apply Now 
 Start Building Your Way To Success With Remote Employees 
 Get Started 
 OR 
Call us:  1-844-947-HIRE (4473) 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 About 
 
  About Us 
 How it Works 
 FAQs 
 Our Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 Quick Links 
 
 Register as Employer 
 Register as Employee 
 Employer's Dashboard 
 Employee's Dashboard 
 
 Contact Info 
 
 info@worktually.com 
 1-844-947-HIRE (4473) 
 1-855-565-WORK (9675) 
 2104 Bell Tower, 10104 103 Ave NW, 
Edmonton AB, 
T5J 0H8 
 
 Copyright © 2021  Worktually . All rights reserved. 
