  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  West End, England 
 Rate:  £20000 - £25000 per annum + negotiable plus commission 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Inbound Sales Executive 
 Our client is looking to recruit an experienced Inbound Sales Executive to work in their professional house buying company in the London Area. 
 The role comes with a 20k basic salary-with commission on top up to £40k. 
 (flexibility on this salary for the right person.) 
 Our client require this role to expand their business. 
 As the property sector is going through an unexpected growth at present they are needing someone to come in and support the team with an end goal to see the successful candidate grow the sales team and bring new employees on board. 
 While initially, the role will largely be dealing with inbound sales calls we will be looking to develop this role into a more senior management level role as quickly as we can start to see results. 
 The role will include the following responsibilities: 
 Negotiating with clients on the sale of their property; 
Helping clients choose the best route to ensure a quick sale of their property (estate agency / auction / quick cash sale); 
Liaising with existing key partners as well as developing new strategic partnerships to help develop the business; 
Building and managing a dynamic sales team that get excellent results; 
Conducting weekly team meetings and hitting targets. 
 Essentail skills- 
 Estate agency, professional homebuying / auction experience (residential and/or commercial) preferable 
Great customer skills, phone, written and face to face 
 If you would be interested please contact Mike Pollard - Head of Division Sales and Customer Service on 01772 208962 or mike.pollard@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £20000 - £25000 per annum + negotiable plus commission 
 
 
 Location:  West End, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Sales 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-18 15:46:03 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 RMN 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Senior Nurse 
 Social Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Health Care Assistant 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Joiner 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Plasterer 
 Learning Disability Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
