
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Jopwell (S15) 
 Career advancement for Black, Latinx & Native American professionals. 
 Client Success Specialist, SaaS 
 
 Location 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Jopwell 
 Jopwell’s mission is to make a substantial, measurable impact on increasing Black, Latinx, and Native American representation in the workforce. Jopwell strives to build inclusive workplaces where our members can bring their authentic selves to work. We do this by assisting companies with their recruitment, marketing, and retention efforts for communities of color. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  SASS 
 About Jopwell: 
 Jopwell represents and advances careers for Black, Latinx, and Native American students and professionals. Jopwell partners with companies of all sizes and across all industries to connect our community members with meaningful job opportunities. We work with the world's leading employers including, Facebook, Google, Amazon, J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Peloton, Pinterest, WeWork, Spotify, the PGA of America, USTA, and many others. 
 The Role: 
 We are looking for a Client Success Specialist to join our Client Success team. This role reports to the Senior Director, Client Success. In this role, you’ll support our SaaS clients in their efforts to attract, engage, and connect talented diverse professionals with career advancement opportunities. This is an exciting chance to connect diverse talent with some of the country’s top companies, including Monday.com, Allbirds, Harry's, USTA, Vivo, Bombas, American Express, Bloomberg and more. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, all roles are remote until further notice. This role is typically based in New York City. 
 What you will do: 
 Partner with Jopwell’s SaaS-only clients to ensure their success on Jopwell's platform Ensure an exceptional experience throughout the client life-cycle, from onboarding to renewal Develop creative solutions, identify opportunities, and coordinate initiates to promote client engagement and drive candidate success Partner with Product Team to relay client feedback to drive product enhancements Track and analyze data related to candidate success and client ROI Connect members of the Jopwell community to relevant client opportunities What we want you to bring: 
 Bachelor’s degree 3+ years professional experience Strong data analytics experience Customer / Client facing experience Basic knowledge of SQL with the ability to understand and edit queries Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (pivot tables, v look-up) Basic knowledge of Salesforce preferred Strong communication skills, both written and oral Ability to negotiate difficult conversations Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize accordingly Demonstrated ability to work independently and proactively solve problems Strong attention to detail Passion for Jopwell’s mission Full-Time Employee Benefits: 
 Competitive salary Equity - every employee is an owner! Unlimited Vacation Policy 401 (k) Contribution Plan Medical, Vision, and Dental Insurance Commuter benefits - WageWorks and MetroCard monthly subsidy Apple laptop computer Regular Social Events Learning & Development Opportunities Learn more about Jopwell: 
 Jopwell is currently a team of 34 full-time employees based in NYC. We’ve secured $12M in venture funding since our inception in 2015, including investments from Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, Cue Ball Capital, Kapor Capital, Omidyar Network, and Magic Johnson Enterprises. 
 We’ve also been featured extensively by both print and digital publications, including, amongst others Forbes, Inc Magazine, and NBC. Fast Company hailed us as one of the most innovative enterprise companies of 2017 and Entrepreneur included Jopwell on their list of the top 100 brilliant ideas of 2017. Forbes, Inc. Magazine, LinkedIn, and Fast Company also distinguished our co-founders as “30 Under 30” award recipients. 
 Jopwell is an equal opportunity employer. Jopwell will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws 
 Technology 
 
 BS degree in Computer Science (or another technical field of study including Mathematics, Engineering or the Sciences) or equivalent practical/professional experience 
 3-6 years of professional programming experience 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with Python, Django and Django Rest Framework 
 Familiarity with Postgres, Elasticsearch, Celery, and Redis 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with JavaScript, understanding of ES6 concepts, - and proficiency in React, Angular, or other modern JS frameworks 
 Demonstrated experience working in a Unix/Linux environment 
 Experience working around distributed/parallel systems 
 Familiarity with unit testing using Jest and Enzyme 
 Familiarity with Next.js, Material Design and Recharts a plus 
 Experience with AWS or another cloud computing provider a plus 
 Strong communication skills (in verbal and written English) 
 
 Other jobs at Jopwell 
 Client Success Specialist, SaaS 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Client Success Lead, Campus Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Client Success Manager, Professional Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Currently Remote) / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Recruiting Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Remote through June 2021) / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
