Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Data Management 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Loblaw Head Office 
 Location:  1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Are you at the top of your game? Bring your expertise and knowledge to Canada’s largest retailer. We are looking for smart, nice and curious team members to help bring our Data & Analytics game to the next level. This is an exciting time to join our team – we are changing the game in a big way! 
 If you are looking to join a company that offers unlimited opportunity, excellent leadership, world-class training and makes a big impact on the community – this is the role you’ve been waiting for! 
 The Data, Insights & Analytics team at Loblaw is hiring a Director with experience in all aspects of the data management discipline. Reporting to the Senior Director – Data Management, the incumbent will be responsible for leading the delivery of data solutions that power our ML/AI capabilities. 
 The successful candidate will be a key contributor to the development and execution of our data strategy. He or she will have a strategic mind, superb stakeholder management skills, a passion for using data to solve business problems and a very strong foundation of data management concepts and best practices. Strong command of data ingestion, origination and collection techniques, as well as 3rd party data acquisition, are key competencies required for this role. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Provide thought leadership to a team of data analysts, architects and engineers responsible for designing, building and maintaining operational data solutions in Loblaw’s cloud ecosystem. 
 Lead data collection and origination initiatives and become a key enabler of the democratization of data by making it available to consumers in a timely manner. 
 Set the strategic direction and vision for the Operational Data Platform. Work closely with stakeholders across the organization to gather data requirements for various data initiatives and other data consumption needs. 
 Lead the creation of platform roadmaps to deliver short-term tangible results while maintaining a strategic long-term outlook. 
 Build end-to-end processes supporting data ingestion, data transformations, data wrangling, data quality and data delivery. 
 Maintain a repository of metadata and lineage information about how data flows through its lifecycle. 
 Contributes to the development and documentation of data management standards framework. 
 What You 'll Bring: 
University degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or related field. 
 10+ years of experience in the Data Management discipline. This includes hands-on experience with data ingestion, collection and acquisition, data architecture, data modelling, data quality, metadata management, master data management, etc. 
 10+ years of experience with relational databases (Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server) and big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive) 
 5+ years of experience leading teams of technology/data professionals. 
 Advanced knowledge of SQL queries 
 Experience working with Cloud data platforms technologies:  Azure Data Lake Store, Azure Databricks, Google Cloud Platform (Composer, Dataflow, Big Query). 
 Data Management background, ideally with experience in BCBS 239 / RDA 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, approaches challenges with energy and passion. 
 Ability to take initiative, multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment 
 Capability to liaise with all levels across the enterprise on projects and ad-hoc requests 
 Strong detail orientation is essential in this role 
 A Team player and self-starter 
 What You Can Expect: 
We are a team of diverse and ambitious analysts, who cultivate a friendly and inclusive work environment where you can be yourself. Our employees’ development is at the core of our business, offering endless possibilities for growth, learning and mobility. Let us help grow your skills through one of our many resources including the Loblaw Virtual Learning Centre, where you have access to hundreds of learning tools, or through casual coffee chats with our leaders who were once in your shoes. 
 Other perks of joining Loblaw: 
Competitive compensation and benefits package 
 Office with incredible amenities including an on-site gym, volleyball court and basketball court (turned ice rink in the winter!) 
 A flexible work environment which values balance 
 Colleague Discount Program 
 Tuition reimbursement Program 
 Employee Share Ownership plan 
 Pension Plan 
 If the above sounds like a great fit, then we would love to hear from you! Apply today, and get the process started. If you meet the above requirements, expect a call from one of our recruiters, followed by an in-person interview. Our recruitment process will allow you to meet and interact with colleagues at various levels of our business to give you a great perspective of life at Loblaw. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest but please note, those candidates who meet the minimum requirements for the position will be contacted. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
