Skip to content 
 
 Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog 
 Going For Lifestyle, Travel, Beauty, Fashion, Germany + 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 ABOUT ME 
 
 
 DAILY LIFE 
 
 IN GERMANY 
 LEARNING 
 INSPIRATION 
 ESSAY 
 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 BEAUTY 
 FASHION 
 HOME DECOR 
 TRAVEL 
 ART + CULTURE 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Facebook - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Instagram - Authentic Grace 
 
 
 Twitter - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 Amazon 
 
 
 About Authentic Me 
 Authentic Grace is Mysterious but Adventurous   Enjoying Posting About What I feel, How I live and What I love with Sincerity and Authenticity! 
 Keywords Of The Blog? 
 Lifestyle / Travel / Beauty / Fashion / Home Decor / Culture & Art / Essay / Life in Germany + 
 Search for: 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 Instagram 
                 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Home Decor – Geometric and Abstract Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  23rd January 2021 
 Home Decor - Recommendable Unique Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  19th January 2021 
 Beauty - The Best 2 Ways How to Make Essential Lemon Oil At Home  30th December 2020 
 Beauty - How To Prepare Base Skin For Natural Style Makeup (ft. K-Beauty)  29th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 11 Tips for Efficient Home Cleaning & Organizing  27th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 5 Ideas To Utilize and Decorate Your Front Door Space  25th December 2020 
 Beauty - Essential Tips How To Care Oily Skin In Cold Winter Time  24th December 2020 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Advertisements 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog on WordPress.com 
 Tag: Get A Job in Germany 
   
 How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 Photo: Depositphotos/Vadymvdrobot 
 You do not also have to be nervous or anxious if you don't fit the criteria for a job. Many people become dissuaded from applying for a job _because they don 't meet all of the requirements. _One question that I get asked regularly. How do I know if I can apply for a job, if I do not fit all required conditions? 
 There are two ways to decide if a job offer fits you. 
 Advertisements 
 1.It's just Idealistic  Requirements 
 First, realize that most job descriptions belong into the fantasy aisle of the book store. HR will list all imaginable skills for the "perfect" candidate. But nothing in our world is perfect. If the HR department did a good job, the skills and requirements are in declining order of importance. 
 If you meet more than a half of the requirements, Feel free to apply. 
 _  But be aware, The actual job requirements might be quite different from what you have read in the job description. _ 
 A while back I got a mail from one of my coaching clients: She sent me the link to a company that offered jobs in English. There were about 20 positions, from accounting to software development to sales. Every single job description was exactly the same… 
 Advertisements 
 2.  Are you able to perform the job? 
 The second way. Ask yourself honestly. 
 If I get hired, can I actually perform this job and deliver the results expected? 
 Photo: Depositphotos/VitalikRadko 
 _One engineer told me the story of his first job in Germany. In the interview process he said "yes" every single time when the employer asked him if he knew a software or had worked with a tool. 
 He got the job, but on his first day at work it became immediately obvious that he couldn't use any of the software mentioned. His colleagues made him cook coffee and copy documents._ 
 Embarrassed, he quit after one week, and since then has been completely upfront about his skills and knowledge. (He has a very successful career in Germany now.) 
 Advertisements 
 So, the question you should answer yourself is:  How will I actually perform my duties, even if I work in a German language environment, but speak only English? 
 Saying "I will figure it out" is nice attitude, but won't convince a German manager.  You will need to actually be able to explain this in detail. Step by step.  If you can do that: Apply for the job! (No matter if it's in English or German.) 
 As a matter of fact:  Smart people will always find a way to overcome the language challenge.  You use Google Translate, ask your colleagues or hire an intern who will translate for you during the first months. 
 And shouldn't that be the real objective for an employer? To hire smart people who find solutions? 
 Related Post 
 GETTING A JOB IN GERMANY – TOP 8 USEFUL JOB SEARCHING PLATFORMS 
 
 Reference 
 https://www.thelocal.de/20191228/how-to-get-a-job-in-germany-if-you-dont-fit-all-the-criteria 
 
 Posted on  13th March 202012th March 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany Tags  Career in germany ,  DAILY LIFE ,  Foreigner in Germany ,  GERMANY ,  Get A Job in Germany ,  jobs ,  Life In Germany ,  The Local ,  working in germany Leave a comment on How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
