Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 General Production Worker (Order Picker) 
 Canada Bread 
 __Scarborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Canada Bread Company, Limited is a leading producer and distributor of packaged fresh bread and bakery products with brands such as Dempster’s®, Villaggio®, POM®, Bon Matin®, Ben’s®, Healthy Way® and McGavins®. Dempster’s is the national brand leader and a market leader in the health and well-being segment of bread products in Canada. The growth strategy is to focus on market leadership in all commercial bread categories. The company operates 19 bakeries and employs approximately 4,550 associates across Canada. It seeks to create value by leading innovation in products and service delivery in the bakery industry, enhancing distribution services and processes, and continuing to grow premium white and whole grain breads, tortillas, bagels, rye, buns, and rolls. 
 As an independent business unit of Grupo Bimbo, Canada Bread seeks to grow value-added bakery segments by focusing on health and well-being and penetrating new bakery segments and channels of distribution. The business will continue to grow market leadership and margins by investing in the premium whole grain product category, and by delivering continued product innovation in other bakery and snack categories. 
 MARKETS: 
Canada Bread serves major grocery chains, retail outlets, and foodservice operations across Canada. The company distributes branded products in the discount, mainstream, and super-premium segments, and is the leading producer in most major bakery categories. It also produces private label products for grocery and foodservice outlet. 
 Position Responsibilities: 
Help machine operator set up a production line, prepare baking racks and trays/boards for production 
Involves loading/unloading and stacking the trays (7kg) 
Observe gauges, computer printouts, and video monitors to verify specified processing conditions. 
Make adjustments to process variables 
Maintain shift log of production and other data 
Check products for defects and to ensure conformance to Company standards 
 Physical Requirement: 
This role is physically demanding, heavy lifting, must be able to handle weight up to 40 lbs. repetitively 
Involves a lot of bending and lifting repetitively 
Must have manual dexterity and be able to stand for extended periods 
Hand-eye coordination is a key requirement for this job 
Working knowledge of English both written and oral 
Able to work flexible shift as required 
Must be 18 years of age or older 
Be able to follow GMP & Food Safety regulations 
 WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Warm and humid working environment 
Cold working environment as well when loading into the freezer 
Fast-paced manufacturing environment, repetitive tasks, and stand for extended hours 
The bakery operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Associates would be asked to work afternoons or night shifts. 
 Shift:  morning shift and afternoon shift 
 Job Type:  Full time, Permanent with competitive benefits 
 Wage:  $16:40 per hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
