Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Wellness Coordinator - Wellness - Temporary Nine Month Maternity Leave 
 Alberta Blue Cross 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 At Alberta Blue Cross, we are dedicated to exceptional customer experience and community leadership. We’re committed to providing the best health coverage for our members and take an active role in promoting the wellness of Albertans. We believe in what we do, and place trust in our employees to deliver our vision. 
 FUNCTION:  Under the direction of the Wellness Director, the Wellness Coordinator will be responsible to provide administrative and coordination for various wellness programs, processes, and services while interacting with both internal and external Alberta Blue Cross clients and community partners to support the implementation of our wellness strategy. 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Act as department point of contact and respond to internal and external inquiries and requests in a timely manner. 
Support, and in some cases, lead the development of processes for wellness solutions for our clients and community partners. 
Organize and coordinate meetings. 
Coordinate and assist with a variety of wellness programs and initiatives that support our clients, community partners and internal stakeholders such as; presentations, community fairs or other events as required. 
Responsible for general office administration including preparation of documentations, budget tracking, record keeping, contracts, request forms and maintenance of files and filing system. 
Involvement with special projects and other duties as assigned. 
 SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE: 
A post secondary certificate, diploma or degree; or prior experience in wellness or administration would be an asset. 
Require excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
A high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. 
The ability to work independently and proactively while ensuring that deadlines are met. 
Must have excellent time management and organizational skills. 
Must possess excellent customer service skills and work effectively in a team environment. 
Demonstrated ability to cope under pressure in a fast paced environment and deal with sensitive interpersonal issues. 
Require strength in the areas of flexibility, innovation and independence. 
Strong knowledge and experience with Microsoft Office is required. Experience in Visio and SharePoint would be an asset. 
 Alberta Blue Cross offers a competitive salary and benefits package and the opportunity to work in a challenging team-oriented environment. This position will remain open until a suitable candidate is selected. If you have the qualifications we are looking for, please apply online at www.ab.bluecross.ca. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
