
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Sr. Art Director, Brand. Vans. Costa Mesa, CA, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 Our mission is to empower youth-culture and enable creative self-expression through action sports, music, and street culture. 
 In this role, you will formulate concepts, execute and design against them for integrated campaigns across print, film, outdoor and digital. To deliver high quality performance, intimate working knowledge of the brand and market(s) is expected. 
 You will bring fluency and expertise in graphic design skill sets such as creating visual concepts and storytelling, using computer software or by hand, to communicate ideas that inspire, inform, and engage with our consumers. 
 You will help define and steer how Vans adapts to the ever-changing modern digital landscape to meet the youth audience where they are and create meaningful engagement with our brand. 
 You will have control over the creative development process and well versed in the production of it. On a regular basis, you will collaborate with your counterparts in Environmental Design and Product to make sure creative delivers on needs for retail and packaging. 
 It is essential that you bring your expertise to elect photographers and creative partners for projects. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7976-vans-sr-art-director-brand  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Art Direction, Type Design 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Annie Anderson 
 Perks 
 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Near beach 
 No assholes 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
