Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relief Residential Worker more than 1 required (union position) 
 The Salvation Army MacMillan Youth Centre 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Salvation Army is an international Christian church. Its message is based on the Bible; its ministry is motivated by love for God and the needs of humanity. 
 Mission Statement 
 The Salvation Army exists to share the love of Jesus Christ, meet human needs and be a transforming influence in the communities of our world. 
 Core Values 
 The Salvation Army Canada and Bermuda has four core values: 
 Hope:  We give hope through the power of the gospel of Jesus Christ. 
 Service:  We reach out to support others without discrimination. 
 Dignity:  We respect and value each other, recognizing everyone’s worth. 
 Stewardship:  We responsibly manage the resources entrusted to us. 
 Position Purpose Summary:  The MacMillan Centre is an Open Custody / Open Detention residential facility for male youth between the ages of 12 -17, who are involved in the criminal justice system. Residential Workers’ primary job is to provide supervision and maintain the safety and security of the facility and everyone living in it. 
 Reporting to the Assistant Director, the residential worker ensures efficient, safe and secure operation of an open custody / open detention facility through a high level of resident supervision and staff team support. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Ensure security through a high level of resident supervision 
 Maintain accurate logs and records 
 Support The Salvation Army Correctional Justice Services’ Mission statement in a practical manner 
 Accept delegated responsibility for residence including residents, keys, vehicles and other shift when so designated 
 Comply with policy and procedures as outlined in The Youth Criminal Justice Act, The Salvation Army Correctional Justice Service’s Policy and Procedure manual, The Ministry of Children & Youth Services, Child & Family Services Act. Along with internal policies respecting daily operations at The MacMillan Centre 
 You may be required to provide medication delivery to residents 
 You may be required to travel to meetings, escort clients to and from meetings/court/recreational outings among other outings as per approved schedule 
 You will be, on occasions, required to prepare meals with/for youth staying at MacMillan Centre 
 You will be required to complete other duties as required 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 A degree or diploma in Social Sciences, Child Care, Correction or Social Services and related experiences. Candidates in the process of obtaining a degree or diploma will also be considered 
 Two years’ experience working within the Youth Justice system considered an asset 
 Knowledge of Correctional practices 
 Valid CPR and First Aid certificates 
 Excellent communication skills (oral and written) in English, a second language considered an asset 
 A valid driver’s license 
 Able to work in a fast paced environment 
 Able to keep calm in stressful situation 
 Able to maintain confidentiality 
 Passion and demonstrated ability to work with clients who have complex needs 
 Ability to build rapport 
 Ability to function within a team or in the community 
 Strong problem solving skills and well organized 
 
 Successful candidate will be required to provide upon hiring: 
 
 A clear vulnerable sector screening 
 A clean drivers abstract 
 Participate in non-violent crisis prevention training 
 Participate in our online Armatus Abuse Training and Health and Safety training required upon hiring, as well as updated annually 
 
 HOURS:  As per schedule. Please note that The MacMillan Centre is a 24/7 operation and will need staff days/afternoons/nights including weekends and holidays. Shifts are 8 and 12 hours 
 SALARY:  As per Collective Agreement 
 Interested applicants are asked to contact Juan Stancovich by December 5, 2020 
 _  The Salvation Army will accommodate candidates as required under applicable human rights legislation. If you require a disability-related accommodation during this process, please inform us of your requirements. _ 
 We thank all applicants, however, only those candidates to be interviewed will be contacted. 
 _  Internal Applicants, please advise your managing supervisor of your intentions prior to submitting your application. _ 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-05 
 Job Types: Full-time, Casual 
 Schedule: 
 
 On call 
 
 Experience: 
 
 working with Youth Justice: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 DCS / DEC (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid/CPR (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
