Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Free Diploma in Career Coaching for 15 Unemployed people in Galway 
 Leave a Comment  /  Co. Galway  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Reader, 
 I came across this press release on  http://www.irishpressreleases.ie/  and thought it would be good to share it. 
 15 Unemployed Galway Jobseekers Sought for 100%-funded Diploma in Career Coaching 
 Co. Clare, [Ireland](http://maps.google.com/maps?ll=53.0,-7.0&spn=10.0,10.0&q=53.0,-7.0 (Ireland)&t=h "Ireland") — 28 Oct. 2010 
 Award-winning career coaching company Career Decisions Ireland is reserving 15 places on its Diploma in Career Coaching programme for Jobseekers in the Galway area. The programme is the only career coaching qualification available in Ireland accredited with an NFQ Level 7 (CPD) Diploma awarded by  Dublin Institute of Technology  and is financed by the Department of Education and Skills under The Labour Market Activation Fund. 
 Applicants must be unemployed and in receipt of Jobseekers Benefit of  Jobseekers Allowance  for three months or more, have either  Leaving Certificate  level of education and three years’ relevant work experience or a third-level qualification and relevant work experience. They will ideally, but not exclusively, have backgrounds in human resources, recruitment, management, supervision, training, teaching, coaching or counselling. 
 Making the announcement, Career Decisions’ managing director, Miriam Magner-Flynn said: “This Diploma in Career Coaching involves a part-time commitment of two days per month, over 7 months and provides a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for jobseekers to gain an internationally recognised  professional qualification  and graduate with an NFQ Level 7 (CPD) Diploma in Career Coaching. 
 “The level of demand from jobseekers across the country, with the exception of Galway, has been overwhelming. We would encourage unemployed people in the greater Galway area to grasp this unique opportunity and gain a sought-after qualification at no cost to themselves. Places on this 100%-funded programme will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis to applicants who successfully get through the application process,” Ms Magner Flynn added. 
 To avail of this opportunity, jobseekers should call 061 400664 or email  diploma@careerdecisions.ie . 
For more information check out  http://www.careerdecisions.ie/ 
 Thx, 
Katleen 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,369 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
