Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supervisor, Transit Safety and Training 
 York Region 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Header 
Progressive. Collaborative. Accountable. Draw on your passion. Shape our community. Progressive and collaborative, with a clear, long-term vision. We value employees’ contributions and inspire excellence. We are driven by a desire to help shape and serve the growing community in which we live and work. 
Position Purpose 
Reporting to the Manager, Bus Operations is responsible for leading and evaluating the transit safety, training service delivery needs and quality control performed by private contractors, conventional and specialized public transit services; ensuring adherence to legislative and regulatory compliance and overseeing the Commercial Vehicle Operator Registration (CVOR) for applicable transit assets; participating in accident/incident investigations and reviews; supervising contractor compliance to performance contracts and standards; overseeing the development and implementation of transit safety and training programs relevant to legislative prerequisites, transit policies, procedures, vehicle and on-board technologies, operator and support staff training; overseeing the administration of the Ministry’s driver certification program; providing support in the development and optimization of transit standard operating procedures (SOP’s), data collection, research and operation activities; provides expertise and consultation to various internal/external committees and public and private agencies. 
Qualifications 
 
 Successful completion of a College diploma in Adult Education, Health and Safety, Transit Planning or related field or approved combination of education and experience. 
 Must be a qualified instructor under the Professional Instructor in Driver Education (PRIDE) or Infrastructure Health and Safety Association Fleet Driver Trainer Program and CUTA Transit Ambassador; must be approved by the Ministry of Transportation as a signing authority. 
 Minimum of three (3) years’ experience with development, implementation and leadership of transit training for Commercial “BZ” vehicles preferably in a municipal environment and demonstrated minimum of one (1) year of direct supervisor experience. 
 Satisfactory Police Criminal Background Check. 
 Must be a qualified airbrake instructor. 
 Certificate in Principles of Effective Training for Adults and in Fundamentals of Bus Collision Investigation. 
 
 How to Apply 
Please apply online by November 19, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted via email. 
Salary 
$100,633 to $114,288 annually 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
