Macha spreads joy 
 
 About 
 Blogs 
 Funny Links 
 
 
 Posts tagged 'Steve Jobs' 
 R.I.P Jobs 
 
 I sent my CV to apple this morning and just got the reply: 'no jobs here'… 
 
 “Finally laid to rest in a sleek white casket, the late Steve Jobs is surrounded by mourners in a massive cathedral. As the afternoon sunlight shines down on him through intricate stained glass revealing a beautiful spectrum of colours, Mr. Jobs will be remembered in death as he was in life. 
Overshadowed by windows.” 
 
 Steve Jobs was so disappointed in the iPhone 4S that it killed him. 
 
 They say that before you die your life flashes before your eyes, too bad Apple doesn't support Flash… 
 
 The economy is getting worse. We keep losing more and more Jobs. 
 
 In an address to Apple this morning, President Obama informed them that this is not what he meant by "shovel ready Jobs". 
 
 The iPhone 4s release date has been set back, so that Apple could rush iCoffin io market. It has a glass top and bottom with aluminum sides. It only supports 5 pall bearers. If you touch it on the bottom left, the occupant doesn't make it to heaven. Or you could buy a bumper for an additional $499. 
 Links to other sites that take this one a lot further than I will 
 http://molempire.com/2011/10/07/even-more-steve-jobs-jokes/ 
 Category: 
 Uncategorized 
 Tagged with: 
 
 Berlusconi 
 Calvin & Hobbes 
 God 
 Jobs 
 Moses 
 Pearly Gate 
 Steve Jobs 
 Tablets 
 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Dog Business 
 Intelligent life in Space 
 Soap Opera 
 Housewife scare 
 Trick or treat 
 
 
 Aliens   Bears   Bella   Blackmail   Calvin & Hobbes   Carrots   Cats   Cheating   Chicken   Childhood   Children   Chocolate   Christmas   Christmas Calendar   Comedians   Darth Vader   Death   Diet   Dinner   Dinosaurs   Doctors   Dogs   Easter Bunny   Easter Eggs   Edward   Eggs   Elves   End of the World   Family   Family Life   Food   Friendship   Game of Thrones   Games   Global Warming   God   Guns   Halloween   Hobbits   Hunting   Jacob   Lord of the Rings   Love   Marriage   Men   Parenting   Party   Pearly Gate   Pets   Poison   Polar Bears   Police   Pranks   Reindeer   Relationships   Resting   Romance   Santa   Sean Bean   Sex   Shooting   Shopping   Snow   Snowmen   Star Wars   Thanksgiving   Therapy   The Twilight Saga   Tigers   Toys   Vampires   Winter   Women   Yoda   Zombies 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 814 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
