Keep Growing! 
 Develop Your Skills. Increase Your Value. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 August 9, 2020August 9, 2020   Walker Training and Consulting 
 Pay Yourself a V.I.S.I.T Before Deciding on Your Next Career Move 
 Have you ever found yourself in a job role that you absolutely hated? Or, perhaps a role that left you drained and uninspired? What about a job role where you are consistently under-performing and putting your employment at risk? Often we find ourselves in these situations because we skipped the step of defining what we  really  want before deciding on a job or career. 
 Knowing your own preferences is the first step to finding your ideal job role. As a career coach, to help my clients do that most effectively, I developed the V.I.S.I.T Framework© and an associated toolkit. The goal in using the framework and tools is to help individuals clearly define their work preferences. The framework facilitates self reflection, leading to a more thoughtful, strategic and meaningful job choice. 
 The V.I.S.I.T framework is an easy-to- use model that identifies each component of the self-exploration process, which includes prioritizing your   V  alues, gaining   I  nsight from past experiences, assessing your   S  kills, clarifying your   I  nterests and discovering your   T  alents. 
 The Components of V.I.S.I.T Defined 
 Values  are strongly held beliefs about what is important, valuable and acceptable to you. Independence, loyalty, fairness, and hard work are examples of values. Having a value conflict in a job role can cause internal strife and stress and ultimately lead to job dissatisfaction. Having a clear understanding of what your values are and aligning them to your job and work environment of choice can help ensure that you are making the right job choice. 
 Insight  is the clarity that comes from self reflection on past experiences. These could be good experiences or bad experiences. For example, in completing an Insight exercise, you may discover patterns that point to a preference to work with external vs. internal customers or that you need to be around people to thrive. These insights become an important consideration as you identify future job roles. 
 Skills  are your well-honed abilities. Skills are gained through experience, knowledge and practice. Skills are an important consideration in defining your ideal job role as we tend to be happier and more fulfilled when we can regularly do what we are good at doing while making a difference in our work. In addition, understanding the skills that are required for a job and comparing them to your skillset will help you to complete a gap analysis to determine what you will need to improve to be successful in that job. 
 Interests  are what you enjoy doing. Have you ever been asked about what you would do if money was of no concern? The answers generally fall in the area of what interests you. As you think about the ideal job role, understanding your interests and working to identify a role that allows you to align your interests to the job can help satisfy your need to be fulfilled in your work. 
 Talents  are the areas where you naturally and often effortlessly excel. Engaging in work that comes naturally for you can aid in your overall work efficacy. In addition, having valuable talents can help you to move up the career ladder as well as help you to command a higher salary due to your ability to perform. 
 So, before you decide on your next career move, don't forget to stop and pay yourself a V.I.S.I.T to help improve your chances of future fulfillment and success. 
 For access to the tools to use to help you further define each area of your V.I.S.I.T, enroll in our Career Building with PowerTools online course for a limited time discounted rate of $12.99 with coupon code  KEEPGROWING . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 Career 
 
 
 Career 
 
 
 Personal Growth 
 
 
 Self Awareness 
 
 
 self reflection 
 
 
 values 
 
 
 Published by Walker Training and Consulting 
 Ethel Walker, MBA, CPCC is a Certified Professional Career Coach and the owner of Walker Training and Consulting, a company that helps individuals to find their ideal career and develop workplace skills. Ethel is certified to administer the DISC behavioral profile and the EIQ-2 emotional intelligence assessments to counsel individuals in the areas of self awareness and development. In additional, Ethel is the author of two eLearning courses "Career Building with Power Tools", and "The Six Sigma Yellow Belt Toolkit".   View all posts by Walker Training and Consulting  
 Post navigation 
 Previous My Blind Spots. Your Problem? 
 Next What If You Are Destined for Greatness? 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 168 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Keep Growing! on WordPress.com 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month December 2020  (1) August 2020  (2) July 2020  (2) January 2020  (1) September 2019  (1) April 2017  (1) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What If You Are Destined for Greatness?  December 30, 2020 
 What If You Are Destined for Greatness?  August 16, 2020 
 Pay Yourself a V.I.S.I.T Before Deciding on Your Next Career Move  August 9, 2020 
 My Blind Spots. Your Problem?  July 26, 2020 
 My DISC Story  July 5, 2020 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
