Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Leasing Specialist 
 Redstone Redsidential 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Leasing Specialist 
 CLASSIFICATION: Part-time, Non-Exempt 
 TEAM: Redstone Residential is a national student housing operator, headquartered in Provo, Utah. 
 Redstone Residential has at its core the mission statement "We create happiness for our residents, clients, and employees through clear communication and world-class customer service. 
 The team at Redstone Residential is enthusiastic, energetic, and passionate about what we do. The Redstone Way, our core operating principles, are as follows: 
 
 
 We Are Believers 
 
 
 We Earn and Cultivate Trust 
 
 
 We Communicate Authentically 
 
 
 We Stay The Course 
 
 
 We Embrace and Affect Change 
 
 
 We Strive for Excellence 
 
 
 POSITION SUMMARY: The Leasing Specialist assists with day-to-day leasing and administrative operations for the community. Leasing Specialists assist Community and Leasing Managers with reaching all KPI goals. 
 KEY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 
 Assist residents, & prospects with daily needs in a professional manner (rent payments, ledger questions, etc.) 
 
 
 Consistently and genuinely demonstrate exemplary principles of customer service and teamwork 
 
 
 Work with your team to reach daily and weekly leasing goals 
 
 
 Maintain a working knowledge of all aspects of the community to quickly respond to inquiries 
 
 
 Work collaboratively with other staff members in a highly entrepreneurial environment. 
 
 
 EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 
 1-2 years of customer service and sales experience 
 
 
 Strong communication skills 
 
 
 Experience with Entrata Software or familiarity with PM software is a plus 
 
 
 Ability to remain calm and collected in high-stress situations 
 
 
 Enjoy and take pride in providing excellent service 
 
 
 Warm, friendly demeanor 
 
 
 Basic computer skills: typing and writing ability for correspondence, memos, etc. 
 
 
 High School Diploma or equivalent 
 
 
 COMPENSATION: Hourly, part-time, with the ability to earn performance bonuses 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Pay: From $16.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
