Skip to content 
 
 Temptation Magazine 
 The Home of Erotic Fiction 
 Tag: blowjob 
 Awesome Threesome By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 A bouncy laugh here, a suggestive low-note there, a surprised wail, a husky lilt. Their chatter sounded like a jazz bar tune on a Steinway, a smooth classic, maybe, played at King Cole's Bar in Manhattan. 
 These elegant vocal waves had me turning around. I couldn't see the terrace from here, just the bugs, not the jugs, the lake and the sunset, but at least I had a nice view of mosquitoes dancing across the water in the light of the setting sun, waltzing dots lit by the blues, the yellows, the reds and the purples, mixing together with the darker indigo of the oncoming night. The insects not quite hitting the water, they seemed to tease the water just like the girls on the terrace teased me with the sound of their giggles. 
 I looked back at the screen and the blinking cursor, blinking like Danielle had blinked at me just six minutes ago. 
 My wife, who nearly threw a frying pan on my head after catching me wanking my nine inch penis to a photo of Kirsten Imrie, that had me nicknaming her "Killer Kimmie", by the way, would she be willing to join me in seducing her girlfriend if I sported an erection? 
 I looked out across the water again. Above the hillside forest, the sky's light of evening waves entailed a mystery. An invitation for a solitary gang-bang, to be sure. There were three other houses by the lakeside, but the owners were all gone away. The Hamptons to Malaysia, I think, the Indian author and his kids and wife back in New Dehli for the summer and that gay rock star and his lover on tour to somewhere rather. Our son had flown with grandpa to Toronto. So, yes, we were alone. 
 I flipped the document pages from front to back and back to front again, correcting a mistake here and there, shifting in my seat, looking at my written notes, leaning forward, scratching my chin. 
 It would have been great had I been sitting with pictures of Danielle, getting hot and bothered, but I sat working on an article about the island of Phuket. But the more I endeavored to concentrate on Phuket, the more did my wife's girlfriend come into my mind. 
 Danielle's dark eyes, that long black hair, that fantastic tush, my eyes watching her buttcheeks wooble as my helmet entered her arsehole, D-cup knockers dancing helplessly in the breeze. No, no, no. 
 "Damn it," I whispered to myself, "You can't fuck your wife's best friend with your wife in the house." 
 Or could I? 
 In secret? 
 Hold on! 
 What was that suggestive chatter about? 
 It sounded… inquisitive. 
 Danielle had been working on her second bottle of Champagne that evening when I left the table, the Tzatziki rolling down her chin like cum on ice. It had me wishing for being reincarnated as Greek bread. 
 Giggle and get drunk, just like back in college? It seemed like a promising enterprise if it hadn't been for my constantly growing erection in her presence. I might enjoy the idea of joining the ladies for the spectacular Jennifer Aniston marathon they had planned with a predominant fuck as an aperitif. The guest room daintily arranged, the bed made, enough pizza to last us for three days, all of it reeked of girls weekend with me along for the ride. I wondered what would happen if I sported the most prominent erection of the galaxy looking at her best friend while she sat there herself. 
 I lift my Count Basie-decorated cup of coffee to my lips, recontemplating the birthday party. Kimberley had conversed with Danielle's husband Jorge all of that evening, their conversation circling around Spanish politics. That seemed just as innocent as as Danielle's accounts about comparing airplane models. We shared the hobby of model making, frequent flyers both of us, hobby builders of Boeing miniatures. 
 I ended up fucking the crap out of Kimberley in our water bed afterwards, squirting my one gallon of cum into her mouth for a very clean swallow, indeed. 
 Phuket all. 
 I poured more coffee into my cup, slurping it loud to drench Danielle's fuckable voice, swallowing the Scottish butter cookies like I dreamed she would chew on my dick. 
 "I wanna fuck Danielle's butt," I whispered to myself, looking at the dry butter cookies left over from yesterday. 
 Danielle's super sexy alto laugh finally made me switch on my Google Chrome. I soon stood there with my Uncle Reamus pointing toward the screen, wanking at babes being face-showered with sticky sperm. 
 It was in the middle of that delicious wank that I heard the sound of my wife, sweeter than usual, almost ethereal in character. 
 "Bob," she sang, so magically and huskily that my heart almost melted, "you coming back, Sweetie?" 
 My right hand stopped its wild activity, fingers clutching my personal joystick, my heart beating like nuts, blood reaching my throat and clogging up my brain. 
 I froze. 
 Strip shows, facial fests, ass fucks, ball chews, foot jobs, tit shags, foot jobs, cum swallows, handcuffs, nurse role play, they all came to mind. Was this a bitter heart, a refusal to offer me bitter-flavored camembert-tasting pussy suppers? 
 "We wanna talk to you," Kimberley crooned. 
 "Pretty please," Danielle pleaded. 
 I desperately shoved my hard cock into my Wranglers, trying to think of Mikhail Gorbachev, Nikola Tesla, Saddam Hussein, farm tools or anything unsexy enough to make sure I did not enter the terrace with a massive jeans throb. 
 I stood up, looking down at my crotch, slapping it hard with a strict demand, shaking my head. 
 "Sure," I sang, finally summoning enough smut to walk toward the terrace. 
There they were, two gorgeous women, dressed in casual shorts and loose T-shirts, four D-cups waving at me, nipples waving hello. 
 "Sit down," my wife whispered, raising her Dom Perignon at me, 
Kimberley and Danielle exchanging ambivalent gazes. 
 I did, gazing at my wife and then at Danielle, sensing female conspiracy lurking in the shadows. 
 "You were chatting with Danielle at her birthday party last month," my wife began. 
 "Leaning over," Danielle smirked. "Like this." 
 Danielle leaned over, giving me a glimpse of her cleavage. 
 The edge of my mouth twitched. 
 "You were all red in the face," my wife added. 
 I shook my head. 
 Danielle shrugged, her titties wobbling. "We thought you needed help." 
 I smiled. 
 "I was fine." 
 "You hardly looked me in my face," Danielle chuckled, a hint of disappointment in her voice. 
 I sat back in my chair. 
 My wife chuckled, looking at her best friend, shaking her head and eyeing heavenward. She whispered: "You spent the entire evening looking at her titties, you wicked perv." 
 I cleared my throat. 
 My penis began to swell. 
 "Hey," my wife growled, "listen…" 
 Now my heart was really pounding. 
 I had films playing in my brain of moving trucks and divorce lawyers. 
 "Who's gonna start?" my wife mused, gazing at Danielle. 
 I shivered. 
 "You came up with the plan," Danielle sing-songed. 
 Kimberley sighed. 
 "My tit crazy husband jerking off just to avoid having to deal with two randy women." 
 I swallowed hard. "What?" 
 "Bob," Danielle began, having woken me up enough to have me gaze at her boobies again. 
 "We have been comparing how you guys perform…" 
 "I haven't played the saxophone in years," I joked. 
 The girls broke into fits of giggles. 
 I raised my eyebrows, happy to hear this, feeling my fear settle and sink. 
Danielle grinned at me. "My husband's dick is six inches long. Kimberley said you… uuh… are… nine inches long." 
 There was a long pause after that while I looked at my wife. 
 Kimberley smiled. 
 I laughed in relief. 
 "I knew you wanted to fuck Danielle when I saw you two at the birthday party," she whispered. "I figured turning a meeting into a gang bang would be better than having you go behind my back and fuck her in some back room." 
 Kimberley shrugged. 
 "Show her your dick." 
 I hesitated. 
 "You threw a frying pan on me when you discovered me masturbating over Kirsten Imrie," I said. 
 Kimberley gave me long sensuous tongue kiss. 
 "Show her your cock," she mused. 
 I nodded. 
 I stood up, strolled up to that big jugged woman, biting my lip. 
The horny whore unbuckled me, unbuttoned and unzipped me, letting my jeans flip open. As she reached into my undies, my dick plopped out like a jack-in-the-box into her face. 
 Danielle gazed up at me, at Kimberley, and back at my cock. 
 "It's enormous. You are such a lucky lady, Kimberley. I bet you suck it a lot." 
Kimberley laughed. 
 Danielle lift my tan banana, put it on her forehead, gazing at Kimberley. 
"Look, Kimmie, I'm a unicorn." 
 They both giggled, which made me gaze at my wife, who, to my surprise, now had lift her skirt and was fondling her cunt. 
 "Can I suck your husband's cock?" 
 "Be my guest," Kimberley answered. 
 "Thanks, girlfriend," Danielle said, ever so sweetly. "I'll start licking his balls, okay?" 
 "Okay." 
 Danielle now started licking my hairy testicles. No, not licking. Eating. She left me senseless, putting them both completely in her mouth and playing with them with her tongue. Kimmie never ate my balls like that. I hadn't shaved my pubic hair, but Danielle, that horny slut, seemed to like that. She plopped my balls off her tongue and lowered my long dong, kissing and fondling my cock hair with her entire face, eating my dick wig. 
 Kimmie was now totally naked, having thrown off all her clothes onto the terrace floor, sticking two fingers into her furry furburger and whining like a fucking hyena. 
 Danielle sucked my one eyed willie so well and with so much saliva it looked like a sailor protecting the mast of a resting sailing ship with a wet, oily cap cloth. 
 "You blow his dickie so well, Danny," my wife told her. "Do you like sucking my husband's cock?" 
 Danielle now nodded, my schlong half way into her mouth like a regular prostitute. "It'sh the tashtiest womb brrhoom I've ever shucked. Shhoooo damn loooohnng." 
 I really was in heaven. The woman I had longed to slap bellies with for so long now was short circuiting my banana boat like a space port docking in a rocket. And my nuptial three vulva on legs was watching us, masturbating her clit and loving it. 
 Kimberley took in about a third of my cock in her mouth. Danielle managed to stick in over half of it, stretching her tongue forward and licking my balls. It made me smile. The best sight in the world was still a beautiful woman with a cock in her mouth. 
 Now Danielle began stripping while sucking. I don't know how she managed to do it, but she kept sucking all the while giving the best whore blowjob of my life. 
 It didn't take long for my wife to join her girlfriend. Soon enough, Kimberley and Danielle were both on their knees, taking turns in giving my nine inch mouth pleaser the tongue ride of its life. 
 "What a fantastic sight," I groaned. 
 My wife, who right now sucked on my right testicle while Danielle sucked on the tip of my lollipop, added, smiling, male hairy ball still inside her right cheek: "Did I promish you too much abouth hish penish? It'sh tashty, ishn't it?" 
 "Uhmh-hmmm," Danielle moaned. 
 I think it was then that I disappeared into a dream land, closing my eyes while the bimbos took turns who got to play with my marbles and who got to swallow my XXL chili dog. 
 In my mind, the wind caressing my bottom, my long dong in a two girl heaven, I reviewed my sexual experience, initially remembering how much I had jerked off as a teen. Sex objects like Suki from Men Only, the Eurasian crumpet with the short pussy hair, big boobed and black haired Natalie from Oxfordshire from Club International, her combed vulva had the pages sticking together every day, 60 inch knockered Jo from Mayfair, British Julie Hart with the fuckable mouth and yummy hairy cunt, dark pussied Sophie Fernandez, all those babes paved the way for my first blowjob. Conny knew how to suck in that high school back room. Not quite as fair juggied as Charlotte, whose milky-ways I squeezed after the disco one night. My first fuck, blondie babe Marie, was nice, because the bimbo had a cute butt that wobbled while I banged her from behind. She was my girlfriend for a while. Simona, a Polish babe, after a long marathon shag, said my cock fit perfectly in her pussy. Lena was a charming woman from Montreal, whose 36C tits I squirted on, who, when seeing my nine inches, exclaimed: "I don't like you, I love you!" Tatanya from Moscow was afraid my dick wouldn't fit in her pussy, but it did. Olinka from Madrid was my favourite pussy for a while. She was a cute and small little chick with a very sweet tasting clit that I adored shagging. We met just to fuck and drink champagne for about a year. Olga from Mexico was a big breasted thing who laughed while being shabanged. Then there was Kerstin from Hannover who asked me what we should do next, so I suggested she go down on her knees and suck my dick, so she did. Monica with the 60 inch balloons, Viola, whose ass I kissed, MILF Bertha where my condom broke, Bionda from Florence whom I fucked six times in one night (her moans, vibrating titties and happy complaints of sore cunt were gorgeous), fifty-something rock-groupie Kim sucked on my balls for ten minutes, Suzanne, who refused to go down on her knees for me, Dora, who grunted during sex, Zoe, who deep throated me, Chloé, who begged me to fuck her asshole, Mila with the longest tongue I have seen and Amanda, who exclaimed: "What a great idea!" when I suggested she take my nine inch penis in her mouth. Oh, sex. Oh, women. Oh, sperm. 
 Now, all that dreaming had me forgetting reality. When I returned, the bitches were still at it, sucking and licking, slurping and deepthroating. My two little whores really knew their business, it made me understand that a woman is at her best when she has a prick in her donut shoot. I had fucked Kimberley repeatedly by the stove while she cooked, slapping her butt, telling her what a good little obedient housewife she was, cooking me a meal while I stuck my Boeing in her damp little girlie snatch. 
 Oh, man. 
 I couldn't stand it anymore, so I took out my humongous clarinet out of their Wurlitzers and threw them across the terrace table. 
 There they were, two buxom bitches, their rear ends waiting to be slapped and penetrated like horses at an auction. 
 I took turns fucking one and then fucking the other, back to Danielle and then Kimberley, then Danielle's asshole and Kimberley's pussy and vice versa. Oh how their asses wobbled. Dickpleasers. The sight of their bottoms wobbling, their moans high, the sun powered terrace lights now filling up the night, the stars shining, the bright full moon glittering in the lake, me leaning over to reach for the bottle and drink the rest of the champagne. 
 Finally, the chickies let me hump them one by one as the lay spread on the table, me squirting my sperm on their faces. We fell asleep in one bed that night, me waking up in the morning with the girls giving me a blowjob. 
 I can only say we had a magical weekend, my long cock getting more attention than ever before. 
 Jorge joined us that next day, but that is a totally different story. I can only say that it was a joy to see my wife being fucked by another guy while I shagged her big boobed girlfriend under the stars. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  July 29, 2019 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  adult ,  ass ,  ate my balls ,  ballons ,  beauty ,  blindfolded ,  blowjob ,  boobs ,  buttcheeks ,  charles e. j. moulton ,  climax ,  cock ,  cock in her mouth ,  cuffs ,  cunt ,  deepthroat ,  dickie ,  dildo ,  eating my dick wig ,  embrace ,  entertainment ,  erection ,  erotic ,  erotic fiction ,  erotica ,  fiction ,  finger ,  first fuck ,  flesh ,  fucked ,  horny ,  husband's cock ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  long dong ,  mature ,  moans ,  mouth ,  nipples ,  penis ,  pleasure ,  pussy ,  sex story ,  skirt ,  stimulation ,  sucking ,  tits ,  titties ,  touch ,  vulva ,  your cock Leave a comment on Awesome Threesome By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Adventures of a Sex Addict: Hamburg Part Two By Mr. E 
 The next day I wasn’t intending to go to the Sex House. I wasn’t intending to go back to see Anna. She was gorgeous, she was soooo sexy. But there are hundreds of other options for sex on my doorstep in Hamburg. 
 And if I went back what would I do with her? 
 It was a wet and rainy day and as usual I had a free afternoon. So I decided I would buy a toy from the sex shop that was constantly open next door to my hotel and have another play with the lovely Anna. I bought a toy, a bullet on a string with a controller to go up my butt and give me pleasant vibrations. The bloke in the shop asked if I wanted it taken out of the wrapper, so I said yes for ease of transport and put it in my pocket. He told me to have fun, and I smiled, intending to. I popped a quick Viagra, not that Anna needed any help making me hard, but I wanted to enjoy myself as much as possible and the stimulant always took a bit of the pressure off. 
 Round the corner and straight up the stairs to the first floor. I wasn’t particularly worried if Anna wasn’t there, I could always find someone else to give me a hand. 
 But she was, a few other girls were in her corridor too. 
 I walked straight up to Anna, she smiled at me and asked if I wanted to go in. I was half way through the door before she’d finished speaking. 
 I gave her a hundred euros, there was no point messing about. 
 She asked if I wanted the same as yesterday. I showed her the toy and then realised there were no batteries in it. Damn. 
 She said she could use her fingers. I nodded, yes please. 
 I stripped off and lay down beside her. She started by kissing me all over, kissing my neck and chest and working her way down my torso. It was hot and sexy and tender and sweet. It made me like her more. 
 She slipped a condom over two fingers, and although her hands were pretty small I was a little worried. She dripped oil on her hand and then positioned herself next to my hips. I raised one knee and tilted towards her. Anna positioned her fingers right there, between my buttocks, and then pushed. 
 My cock stood straight up and she began working it with her other hand. She pressed in deeper into my anus and then pulled my cock hard, working me from both angles. Almost immediately I was gasping and panting for breath, the sensation almost overwhelming. 
 Watching this sexy young woman kneeling between my thighs, one hand on my cock, the other between my butt cheeks: it was incredible. 
 She worked me hard, my cock was so close to bursting I was sure my cum would hit the ceiling. But I didn’t. There were so many times I wanted to cum, but stopped myself. I wanted to feel her mouth on me again. She wanked me hard, I was gasping at every stroke. Then she stopped and asked if I wanted her to suck me. Oh yes, oh yes I wanted it so much. 
 She changed position, kneeling beside me, her head facing away from me, her bum easily reachable. My hand wandered all over her body as she sucked my cock. She went deeper, taking almost all of it into her mouth. She sucked harder and for longer than the day before. I just lay there enjoy it. 
 Then I asked her to lay next to me, I snuggled into her hot, sexy body. Her curves so soft. And I hugged her tightly as she wanked me. Then I wanked and hugged her tighter. As I came I cried out her name involuntarily. It was only after that I thought about how weird it was, especially as I work with someone called Anna. Who was I thinking about when I closed my eyes and hugged that gorgeous body to me, kissing her chest, and yanking my cock until I came all over myself. 
 Anna chatted to me again afterwards, but also let me know we’d gone over our time. I was happy to give her another fifty and a tip on top. Every minutes with that girl was like visiting heaven. She made me feel amazing, unlike any woman I’ve been with for a long time. 
 If only I hadn’t broken my cock (over-used and slightly sore) and had more than an hour on my last day I would have visited again. Good job I wasn’t there for a week, my bank balance wouldn’t have been able to handle it. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  May 7, 2019May 7, 2019 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  adult ,  adventures ,  anal ,  anal sex ,  anna ,  beauty ,  bj ,  blindfolded ,  blowjob ,  brothel ,  bullet ,  butt sex ,  climax ,  cock ,  condom ,  cuffs ,  deepthroat ,  dildo ,  embrace ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotic fiction ,  erotica ,  escort ,  euros ,  fiction ,  finger ,  finger fuck ,  finger play ,  finger sex ,  fingerfuck ,  fingers ,  flesh ,  fuck ,  hamburg ,  hamburg sex guide ,  hangjob ,  horny ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  kissing ,  leash ,  lips ,  masterbate ,  mature ,  mouth ,  mouthjob ,  mr e ,  mystery ,  nipples ,  penetration ,  pleasure ,  prostitute ,  pussy ,  sex ,  sex addict ,  sex guide ,  sex pill ,  sex pills ,  sex shop ,  sex story ,  sex toy ,  sex toy bullet ,  sexual ,  sexy toy bullet ,  stimulant ,  stimulation ,  story ,  thighs ,  tongue ,  touch ,  viagra ,  vibrations ,  wank ,  young prostitute Leave a comment on Adventures of a Sex Addict: Hamburg Part Two By Mr. E 
 Beverly Hills Rebel By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 I glanced at my Rolex, shifting into second gear, waiting for the moron in front of me to decide if he wanted to fall asleep by the wheel or not. Drumming with my fingers at the steering wheel, I conjured up even more impatience in my soul as to how long it would take to get there. My watch told me that Betty was in the last half hour of her shift. I would make it, too, if there weren't so many snails stopping traffic. 
 “Yo, bozo,” I yelled, rolling down the window of my Lamborghini, “what did ya do at your driving exam? Take sleeping pills?” 
 I drove past the guy, an old codger swallowing the gearshift, who gave me the finger as I drove by. I waved back, returning the favor. “Fuck you, too,” I spat, “I'll be a lawyer in a year. Then I am gonna sue your ass.” 
 The inner city hustled, bustled, just like it always did on weekends, assisted by the blasting of my stereo, playing a tune that was by now an oldie: “We Built This City” by Starship. Friday nights kept their promises. Although I hadn't officially begun my professional life yet, I certainly had a long working day in court behind me. That gave me the right to have my share of relaxation. 
 I swung delicately into my destined street, my previous anger subsiding, realizing that these secret visits to “Bobbie's Big Burgers” had become an important part of my life. Betty was different, funny, cute, a good listener and, damn it, a far less arrogant than Wendy. 
 Fun. That was the key word now, wasn't it? Wendy? Fun? No, slow. Had Wendy been my choice of partner? No. Had I chosen her? No. As far as I went, she was dull. Wendy was money. To my father, that meant a lot. No. Everything. 
 That and power. 
 I parked my expensive car in the only spot that had been left free, across the street from the diner. I sat there in the silence for a bit, hearing the cars whizz by and the occasional dog bark at a pigeon. I gazed up at the phoney photo of me and Wendy hanging from the front mirror. It had been taken at the official engagement party last month and was the biggest and most valid example of phoneyness I knew. 
 I remembered the buffet, the band, the speeches, the public peck on the lips that Wendy had given me, the press photo with that damn famous client of my dad's, the rapper DJ Ice. It had all been a show that we put on for my father. Good food, nice drinks, great music, pretty lies. 
 Wendy sent me a text message at about eleven o' clock that night, outlining our upcoming marriage. She had used the words “strictly for the money.” There was a big problem with that phrase: I agreed with her. Our daddies had joined together in order to form an axis of power. The two richest lawyers in California, how good would that look if their kids married. Man, that would just make them totally famous and totally rich. 
 I unwrinkled my Armani suit in the back, stepped out of my car, wondering how I could improve the situation. The slamming door felt like the ultimatum my father slammed in my face. My way or the highway, he seemed to tell me. No Wendy, no college degree. So, what was this? I was between a rock and a hard place. What did the literature students say? Scylla and Charybdis? My soul told me I loved another chick, that Wendy could go screw herself. But where would that leave my degree? I would be over my frigging head in debt if my father cut the money for law-school. No Wendy, no inheritance. Was I really so dependant on my dad? 
 The slight salty breeze in my face, my Ray-Bans firmly reflecting the UCLA logo on my white shirt, a wide smile appeared on my lips. Betty crisscrossed the tiles in there, delivering her burgers and fries, serving those milkshakes with a sensual smile. Although I must say that I preferred her own personal milkshakes to those her boss made behind the counter. 
 I held on to the doorhandle for a bit once I arrived, the metal literally glowing from the heat, watching my sweetie bounce about before I wandered in. When I entered, a short round man greeted me with a smile. 
 “Mr. Blake,” he crooned in a broad Brooklyn twang, reminding me of how many New Yorkers I knew that had ended up in California. “I thought you were gonna stay out there clutching that doorhandle forever.” 
 “I like to watch,” I joked and sat down by a table by the window. 
“You eat burgers, you don't watch them, buddy.” 
 “Burgers are like paintings,” I crooned, contradicting my family’s obsession with hors d’oevres, escargot, dom perignon and Pata Negra varieties. “Their mere appearance triggers a desire to awaken the internal tastebuds. Hence, they are art.” 
 “We have a connoisseur on her hands," he sang. “Betty, would you do him the honors?” 
 “Yes, Mr. Kaplan,” the lust of my life smooched in a melodious tune. 
 Her two glorious black pigtails swung up and down as she came striding up toward me. Finally arriving at my table, her back to Mr. Kaplan, she carefully unbuttoned one button on her blouse and let me gaze into that gorgeously huge cleavage. She gave me a half-smile, licking her red lips. 
 “The usual?” she crooned, winking at me. 
 “The usual,” I answered with a smile, waving my eyebrows. 
 “With or without cream?” she said, giggling. 
 “Lots of cream,” I swooned. “The more, the better.” 
 She smiled, closing her button and turning around back toward the kitchen with a seductive swing of her frilly skirt. For one moment I got a glimpse of her upper leg. She wore a négligé for me. The red one I'd had the honor of lifting up to hip level last week for the quickie in the back room. It was a wonder Mr. Kaplan hadn't noticed the cum dripping down her legs as she walked out into the diner. I don't know how we did it without being noticed. 
 We literally reeked of sex. 
 So there I sat, trying to inspect the best fuck of my life as discreetly as possible without having any of the other guests or Mr. Kaplan notice me. There was this old woman in the corner who eyed me, but, heck, I was a lawyer, we kick ass for a living. So I didn't really bother about what the old woman thought. I just imagined in my head what I would be doing to Betty later that evening, if I succeeded with my plans. I had promised Betty a really royal fuck in my princely waterbed over at my father's mansion. 
 “There you go, Sir,” Betty said, handing me a king size chili cheeseburger and a Special Kaplan Chocolate Shake with added Extra Cream, as delicious as Betty's much smoother white boobies. 
 After handing me the food, she also handed me a small note, opening her lips and sticking her tongue firmly in her cheek. 
 “Justin. Eat fast, baby,”  it read.  “I need you. See you by your car.” 
 The food melted in my mouth as lusciously as Betty's lips melted into my rod when we had sex. The cream on my shake also tasted almost as good as Betty's vulva. I thought I knew what Betty meant when she told me that she needed me. Well, I did know. So I ate fast, gulping down that shake while my love stood by the bar, giving me hot cum-ons. 
 “Was the food okay?” Betty asked me once had devoured it all, belching like a Renaissance king. 
 “Wonderful,” I nodded, laying a twenty dollar bill on the table. “Keep the change.” 
 “I'll keep it and change,” she said, “but I bet you have something else for me, Mister!” 
 “Like what?” I said, sparks flying. 
 “Real cream?" 
 “Home made stuff,” I answered, blowing her a kiss, waving goodbye to Mr. Kaplan and entering the brilliant sunshine, hoping to find myself fondling my loved one's jugs soon enough. Kaplan waved, Betty winked, the old lady in the corner sneered and me? I went to my Lamborghini, closed the door, rubbing my crotch. 
 I couldn't really see the diner from here. Okay, it was across the street, but a tree was in the way. Pretty secluded spot. Maybe that was good. I don't know. 
 Well, I kept listening to the silence, sort of depressed about my situation. 
 The moment my dear one appeared from the other side of the street, now wearing a frilly pink blouse and a private white skirt with that pretty red négligé under it, I forgot how deep in shit I really was. She opened the car door and literally sunk into the passenger seat, rolling over me and giving me a tongue kiss that had my socks flying off and my breath whistling like frigging teapot. 
 “Honey,” she told me in her comely, ambivalent voice. “Is it okay if I just give you a blowjob now and we can fuck later tonight at your house?” 
 I nodded, my voice trembling. 
 “Sure, babe. Whatever you say! You have an appointment?” 
 Betty unzipped my pants and fingered out a cock that immediately began growing in her hands. 
 “My jackass sister needs help with her taxes, but I will be with you at nine o'clock.” 
 Betty took my schlong in her mouth and gave it the suck of its century. 
 “Great,” I groaned. 
 “Your parents are leaving the house tonight, right?” she mumbled with the thing half in her mouth. 
 I nodded, faster this time, yelping and making a tortured face. “They'll be at Wendy's parents' house out of town. They're staying over night.” 
 “Where's Wendy?” 
 “At a seminar," I responded. “Or so she says.” 
 Betty unbuttoned her blouse and displayed her glorious cleavage, heaving her massive boobs out of her négligé and bra. 
 “Just for the effect.” 
 She leaned over, sucking on my cock a couple of times, making me groan and moan and throw my head toward the roof of the car. Then she took my erect dick out of her mouth again and continued talking while jerking me off. 
 “What's with this Wendy girl? Do you love her?” 
 “No, I love you, Betty,” I said, doing my best not to squirt - yet - trying to answer the question as well as I could. Betty leaned over again and continued her blowjob, really getting into it now, her head bobbing to and fro like a rose in a storm, while I uttered the words I had wanted to utter in Betty's presence for a long time. “The relationship with Wendy is strictly for the money, Betty. She knows it. I know it. We both fuck on the side. The only reason why we’re together is because our parents are business partners.” 
 Betty stopped sucking, giving me the original blowjob-point-of-view-gaze, licking my balls. “You've hinted that,” she said, taking one of my testicles between her teeth and lightly nibbling on it, smiling. “Let me guess, your father will not pay for your college degree if you don't marry this bimbo.” 
 “Bingo,” I nodded, almost barking now with lust. 
 She took my cock in her hands, making racing car noises and pretending my penis was a joystick. When the helmet of my pole firmly lay between her grinning teeth, she laughed, spitting out a witty: “My Lamborghini Gearshift!” 
 After a moment’s break, she added a contientious: “Sorry!” 
 Again, she sucked, harder and deeper this time, with me now producing noises that sounded sort of like my Lamborghini on the highway. 
 “God, you are the best damn cocksucker in the world,” I said, my voice sounding like a wheezing weasel. 
 “Better than Wendy?” she spat, sucking away. 
 “Wendy and I don’t sleep together.” 
 “If you and I marry each other,” she crooned, my hot dog half into the sexy bun of her cheek with lips that had the color of ketchup, “I could give you blowjobs 24/7.” 
 She giggled, her now cherry-nippled marshmallow knockers wobbling with excitement, her eyes wide with for frolicking mirth. 
 “I could even suck you while sitting under your desk at work,” she blubbered, handjobbing me. “I could be your homebound call girl.” 
 “Convince my father of our relationship first,” I sighed, grabbing the leather seats of my car and biting my lower lip. “He's very conservative.” 
 “Does your father like blowjobs?” Betty mused, again giving me fucking fabulous fellatio. “Justin, this is your decison. You fuck who you wanna fuck.” 
 With that, my sex princess gave her work complete attention, embracing my entire length, caressing it with every inch of her lips, up, down, jugs wobbling, hair shaking, pink earrings swinging. While she sucked it, she massaged my balls, managing to circle my shaft with her tongue during her expertise sucking work. I felt my testicles pull together, my rod tighten, my heartbeat accelerate, my breath tremble, the wet, warm feeling in my crotch turning the experience into a divine miracle, the plopping, smacking sounds of her mouth bringing a smile to my face, the smell of her floral perfume tickling the edge of my shaft, the sight of her knockers turning my manhood into a steel lamppost. 
 The explosion was just a second away now, Betty's head bobbing faster and faster by the millisecond. Betty deep-throated my dick, not prepared to take it out for the orgasm, wanting to swallow every drop. I came, shooting my load into the back of her mouth with a groan, cumming again and again. 
 Betty swallowed, not letting any of that free portion of protein get lost. After all, since I had begun cumming in her mouth people had given her compliments about her increasingly gorgeous skin color. I had, on her request, shot about twenty loads into her mouth the last month. As the storm subsided, Betty pulled away, panting, drying her lips, eyes closed, leaning against her seat, sighing a happy sigh of sexual relief. 
 “Man, you're good.” 
 “You, too.” 
 My dick shrinking, her boobs slowly heaving back into her bra, we closed our garments and drove off to join the crazy traffic of Los Angeles. Before I dropped her off at her house, she half-smiled at me, giving me a tongue-kiss, one cum-drop left on her chin. 
 “I want you to shag all my holes tonight, okay? Are you up for it?” 
 “My machine’s reloading as we speak, baby,” I answered. 
 I humbly stole a sneek peak at Betty's bottom as it swung to and fro into her apartment building, her stomach full of my happy little sperms. 
 It didn't take long, though, for the blues to catch me. No sooner was I back on the highway when I again seriously began wondering how to tell my father that Wendy and I were bound to divorce sooner than anyone could scream “fake.” I had to tell him, introduce him to Betty, tell him that she was the love of my life. I wouldn't tell him about the cumshots, though. I would tell him that it was Betty or the highway. 
 As I left that highway again, for Beverly Hills, reminded of how excited I’d been to move here, meeting the stars. Hell, going home to the stars. All because the press called my father “America's Lawyer Number One, Trusted by the Celebrities.” 
 I cruised the streets, happy that people didn't wave anymore or stop my car to get my autograph, causing an accident. I was a lawyer, not a pop-star. All because of my dad’s megalomaniac attitude, putting the family name Blake on the map. I now resented this fame, forcing myself to live a lie. Wendy and I, we hated each other. 
 Driving myself to a frenzy into our lot, parking my Lamborghini in garage number four, it took me about five minutes to calm down. I had just received the blowjob of my life, but it only took me driving into Beverly Hills in order to depress me. 
 I loafed out of the garage into a florally scented day, my gaze meeting my parents bouncing down the stairs. My father’s wide, bleached toothpaste grin flashed at me, his tanned skin beaming with the fake joy called greed. Mom? She cleared her throat, waited for his greed to subside. 
 “Justin,” my father said, slapping my arm, his casually priceless short sleeved shirt thrown over a muscular tennis-corpus. “What’re you going to be up to today in this lonely house?” 
 I smiled. “Hi, dad. Thesis work, law study,” I lied. 
 “That’s my boy,” he cackled, the dollar-signs magnetically reflecting in the Ray-Bans stuck above his grey hair-do. 
 I looked at my parents, putting one arm around each of them. “See you tomorrow, right? You’re staying over night with the Wilkins family? Wendy’s not there?” 
 “No. She’s not. Regina,” my father husked. “Better get going.” 
 He embraced me, greed beaming into my soul. 
 “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” he laughed, stepping into his Rolls-Royce. 
 My mom eyed heavenward. “He’s getting worse by the day.” 
 I put my hand around my mother’s waist, realizing that if anyone could change anything, Regina Blake could. “It’s very difficult.” 
 “Justin?” 
 “Yes, mother?” 
 “You love Wendy?” 
 One look was all it took for my mom to understand. I said nothing, smiled painfully, the edges of my mouth twitching. 
 “Regina,” my father spat. “We got to go.” 
 “I will see that this situation changes for the better,” my mother said. 
 As my parents drove off, my heart soared into new heights. My father was in seventh heaven, sure. My mother? She understood where the cookie crumbled. She knew. She’d been through it all. The highs, lows, middles, love affairs, crisis, the love, the hatred. For the better. What did that mean? Not having to marry Wendy? That would be fabulous. 
 So, I remained outside for a while, watching Antonio Banderas car drive by after George Clooney’s. I strolled through the rose garden, admired the Japanese fountain and sat for a bit by the replica of Michelangelo’s David. To be honest, I lost the track of time. I walked in through the lobby with the red carpet of marble tiles. I played a tune on our white Bösendorfer grand piano. I went to our champagne fridge and opened a bottle of Boulanger Vielles Vignes 2004 for $ 1090, walked through the painting gallery, admiring original Rubens works and Dali replicas, realizing why I had chosen a burger broad instead of a rich bitch. I was getting tired of this arrogant, snobbish attitude. 
 At first, “Bobbie’s Big Burgers” had been a last minute decision during a stressy day. I found so much friendliness in Betty’s response, so much fun and good conversation that I realized that this woman could make me happy for the rest of my fucking life. 
 I spent about two hours dawdling in our huge house, praying to God, waiting for an answer how to solve this damn problem. 
 Suddenly, the waitress named Elizabeth Browning rang my expensive Big Ben-bell, her smile wide, her cleavage clearly visible, all her lips wet, nipples hard, perfume sexy, her tongue longing for dick, ass wobbling, hair tousled, car parked far away. Me? I loved the fact that she was here: honest, fair, lovely, horny, fuckable, friendly. 
 I took her up the marble staircase, her eyes wide, voice giggling, breath shaky, mouth open. When I took her into my bed chamber, kissed her neck, gently unbuttoning her dress and letting that cute thing drop to the floor. She stood there in a red négligé, massaging her boobs, displaying two of the most gloriously beautiful breasts known to mankind. 
 I did her a favor and stripped off every single piece of clothing I had on before unclasping her bra. Before we knew it, we were as stark naked as the animals. Adam and Eve, as unashamed of the fact that we  were  animals. Sex, the ultimate creational experience, a means to connect, had been created by God to express love and bring lovers together. We were naked, two beautiful people who honestly loved each other. The Beverly Hills Rebel and his waitress, the big boobed and beautiful cocksucker named Betty Browning. 
 So, I did the only thing I could do, stripped off my expensive clothes: I lay Betty down on my waterbed, spread her legs, licking her deliciously sweet, salty pussy, her juices overflowing me with physical love. My tongue entered her deeper and deeper, her hands caressing my head. She sucked my cock, I fucked her from the front, against the wall, from the side, we licked each other in a sixty-niner, only to explode into a glorious doggie-position, me fucking her wobbling ass, Betty on all fours. 
 My father’s voice in the lobby of our mansion first scared me, Betty wanting to grab her clothes and cover herself. My cock already deeply stuck into Betty’s asshole, it gave me one helluva chance to prove to myself what I believed in. I just kept fucking her. 
 “Justin,” Betty growled. “Your father.” 
 I kept my dick inserted inside my loved one. 
 “My mom’s on my side. We can solve this. Trust me.” 
 “But we are fucking in your father’s house!” 
 “Sex is not a sin,” I spat. “Keep shagging!” 
 As I kept making love to Betty, we overheard the conversation that took place right in front of my mansion bedroom door. 
 “I can’t believe Wendy was openly unfaithful to Justin in her parents’ house,” my father groaned. “I never want to see that family again.” 
 “Larry? Will you now let Justin choose who he wants to marry … himself?” my mother sing-songed in her usually liberal tone of voice. 
 Our door opened wide. It seemed that I had to hold on to Betty’s butt extra well and especially hard whilst shoving my cock inside her this time. My father shrieked. I had never heard him shriek before. I was adamant. I groaned, fucked, shagging Betty like crazy. 
 My mother? She laughed. I don’t know why, but she laughed like a crazy woman. 
 “Who is this?” my father screamed. 
 “I am fucking the woman I love, father,” I answered back whilst seducing Betty. “Meet your future daughter-in-law: Elizabeth Browning.” 
 Stark naked and while being fucked to smithereens, Betty raised one hand and waved at her future father-in-law. 
 “Hi, Mr. Blake,” she chirped. “Your son has a great cock.” 
 “I’m disowning you,” my father screamed. 
 “Oh, shut up, Larry,” my mother said. “We fuck all the time. You love blow-jobs just as much as she does.” 
 I think my mother had some convincing to do before she could lower my father’s pants. I have no idea how it happened, but soon enough my father and mother were naked, as well. I had never seen it before and it was quite daunting, but I squirted on Betty’s face at the same time my father squirted on my mother’s face. 
 I later found out that Wendy deliberately had jumped into bed with her part-time-lover while my parents were in the house. My mother had simply aided the situation. 
 I got my college degree, my inheritance, married my Betty. 
 We now have four lovely children. 
 Oh, yes. Betty, now years later, still gives me fantastic blowjobs. 
 She still swallows every drop and claims it is great medicine for her complexion. 
 From what I hear, Betty and my mom compare dick-stories in secret. 
 That, though, is a completely different and very fuckable story. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  April 20, 2017April 3, 2017 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  adult ,  ass ,  beauty ,  betty's asshole ,  beverly hills ,  Beverly Hills Rebel ,  bj ,  blowjob ,  brooklyn ,  cars ,  charles e. j. moulton ,  cherry-nippled ,  climax ,  cream ,  deeper ,  deeply stuck ,  deliciously sweet salty pussy ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotic fiction ,  erotica ,  fiction ,  flesh ,  frilly pink blouse ,  fuck ,  fucking ,  glorious cleavage ,  great cock ,  her juices ,  huge cleavage ,  kiss ,  Lamborghini ,  laugh ,  lawyer ,  licking her ,  mansion ,  massive boobs ,  mature ,  milkshakes ,  mouth ,  my cock ,  my tongue ,  neglige ,  nipples ,  oral ,  oral sex ,  pants ,  physical love ,  pleasure ,  pretty lies ,  private white skirt ,  pussy ,  ray bans ,  real cream ,  rolex ,  royal fuck ,  s & m ,  sex ,  sex princess ,  sex story ,  sexual ,  sexy bun of her cheek ,  shagging ,  spread her legs ,  stimulation ,  story ,  stripped off my expensive clothes ,  sucked my cock ,  swallows ,  thighs ,  tongue ,  took my schlong ,  touch ,  ucla ,  unbuttoned her blouse ,  unbuttoned one button ,  waterbed ,  wife Leave a comment on Beverly Hills Rebel By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 The Twilight Zone of Sensuality By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Did it matter… in the long run? 
 There was no question that it hurt. 
 Cedrick just wondered if it really had any relevance at all that it hurt … in the long run. 
 In the long run. 
 Would it still hurt that he had lost her … in twenty years? 
 Twenty years without Jenny? 
 Could  he live without her? 
 Could, yeah. 
 Wanting to, no way. 
 He wanted to keep loving her. 
 No, wrong: he needed to keep loving her. 
 Looking at these waves crash against the shore and the sunset meeting the horizon, feeling the gentle surface of the beer bottle in his hand, the summer wind against his face, that felt pretty good. Just sitting here felt good, cooling down. There was no woman beside him. No nagging woman, talking, chirping, hoping, dreaming of shopping. Oh, but no loving, kissing and hugging woman, opening wide, telling him to squirt his juice onto her tonsils. No love. In spite of all the nagging, that was what life was about after all. Love. 
 Holy shit. If it hadn’t been for that gnawing feeling in his gut, he would’ve been happy. The emotion lay there in his bowels, screaming for him to let it out, bashing its bloody symbolic head against the proverbial wall of his soul, yelling: 
 “I want her back! Damn you, call her, stupid moron and say that you are sorry! You have her number! Just say you’re sorry!” 
 Why had she… why had she not… why had he… what had she meant… why had she brooded so that evening? Why had he not reacted quicker when she had asked him to go fetch that necklace for her? Had he used the wrong washcloth for the bathroom? 
 Cedrick sighed, looking across the ocean, hearing those waves gently, ever so gently, crash against the shore, the waves approaching with that weird, steady and solitary security, knowing they would blast against the seaside and die, turning into foam and molecules. 
 The stone he sat on gave way for a moment, making him realize he sat on something not quite steady, not quite firmly planted in the ground. As Cedrick tumbled off, landing on the sand, quickly standing up and brushing himself off, he witnessed a small and brown animal crawling out of the hole that was under the bolder. It glanced back at Cedrick, its eye-whites glimmering in the oncoming dusk. 
 A stone that had been positioned between the grass and the beach had been the home for a… hiding groundhog? Yes. Well, not that Cedrick knew so much about groundhogs, but this guy seemed so agile, so quick, so alert. He popped out of the hole, scared, glancing back and forth, and scooting off into the distance, leaving Cedrick quite dumbfounded. Had this little animal actually lift the bolder out of its socket and him, the grown man, off the ground? 
 Whatever the case might have been, Cedrick stood there with his right hand in his Camel shorts, the wind in his hair, the salty air up his nostrils, looking at the scared animal disappearing beyond the sand dunes. 
 Just like that animal had toppled him off that stone just now, Jenny had toppled him off the rock of his life. Her words, oh, those mean words: “It’s over, damn it,” came from a row that had escalated out of nothing. Him not cleaning up enough, leaving pizza cartons all over the place, using the wrong sponge for the bath, whatever. And soon enough, Jenny and Cedrick were packing bags and sorting out jewelry and photos. 
 That damn flat in Walthamstow seemed darned empty comparing to the fine hubbub of their mutual London penthouse. 
 It could be that Jenny missed him, too, although she seemed to be rushing across the proverbial sand dunes of existence, hoping he would get lost… or something. Whatever. In his heart, he hoped that Jenny wanted him back. 
 As Cedrick loafed two steps toward the beach, minding his own business, forgetting about the strange and very strong groundhog, a lock of Jenny’s hair, that lock that she had given him during their trip to the French coast, came falling out of his pocket, landing on the sand. One lock in a small plastic folder, created for a ring, he believed. One blonde lock with the words: “I love you!” written on it in pink ink. 
 She had laughed when she wrote those words, remarking how pink ink actually had a very nice meaning for her. “That book by Dr. Seuss my mom gave me twenty years ago, for my 4th birthday,” she had mused with his gender halfway into her mouth and her pink pen in the other, “it was called  One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish.  There was a funny creature in there was a funny creature there called a yink that liked to drink pink ink.” 
 “So, what do you like to drink, babe?” Cedrick had responded. 
 She had given him a wink. 
 “Cum on, you know that!” 
 The sting of dying laughter buried into his heart again like a knife, memories of a happy facial fest making him realize the little sign of love on that folder was no more. No more. Just a small lock of Jenny’s pussy hair from a delicious bush meant to be a lovely token of affection. So why was it that he had eloped to France… again… just to escape her? 
 In fact, they had fucked right here on this spot, on this very beach. They had thought they had been alone. Maybe they had, until they heard a branch crack. It could’ve been the groundhog. The voyeur. 
 Wait a minute. When had they met? Four years ago? Yeah. It could’ve been the same groundhog, regarding the fact that groundhogs lived from 9 to 14 years. 
 Cedrick looked over at the tumbled rock, recalling the spot just a few feet away from it. It had been the spot where Jenny had stripped naked four years ago, spreading her legs, letting Cedrick stick his tongue up Jenny’s snatch, making him bury his head deeper and yet deeper inside her pussy, tasting her juices, licking that salty liquid off her clit. 
 Cedrick shook his head, more tears than arousal inside his soul. 
 “Why do I revisit every single place that meant something to us? Am I nuts?” 
 He walked over, clutching that lock, hoping that the temptation of going to that brothel on the west side would wither away. That would be cheap. Right? 
 “Torture.” 
 Just a few minutes and the sun would be gone beyond the horizon. The groundhog would be sleeping and Cedrick would be joining the rich bums and the fifty-somethings in the hotel bar, getting drunk on cheap Chardonnay. 
 “Wonderful torture. I’ll just go back to my hotel room and squirt on Kimberley Clark.” 
 Cedrick turned around and faced the setting sun with all its dying dark orange and pink tinges, all its longing and mysterious bliss, all that spiritual beauty. 
 “Come back!” 
 Damn, how sappy was that. 
 Cedrick, the seven-inch-cocked stud, sounding like Kate Winslet in  Titanic  , his tears rushing down across his face. Sappy enough. 
 His £4,99 Woolworth sandals loafed almost involuntarily over toward the beaten path leading to the hotel, his hand sticking to that lock of Jenny’s clit hair in his Camel shorts again, his brain wondering why the fuck he did that, his soul really wanting to hold on to that pussy lock. No, not only hold on to it. He wanted to take out the picture of her he had brought along, whip out his dick and masturbate to it… as he cried… drunk and alone. 
 “Hell, Cedrick,” he mumbled to himself, “there are other women. It’s over, boy.” 
 Yeah, that other voice whispered inside him, that he had to hold on to true love. 
 True  fuck ? 
 That, too. 
 That  was  true. Her… what was the French word for it? Joie de vivre, lust for life. Man they had fucked in every imaginable position: anal, oral, riding, doggy-style – ooh, those wobbling buttcheeks - titfucking. They had done it all. She had made him fuck him openly in her car once, in a park behind a bush, even in the airplane rest room on their way to the Maldives once, even in her parents’ house – while the old folks were watching telly. 
 Heck, she had taken him into the ladies room of their local London pizzeria and given him a blowjob once, facial, cumshot, swallow and all. Imagine the looks on those old ladies faces when Jenny wandered out of the cabin with a huge smile on her face, Cedrick dashing out toward the parking lot, Jenny’s chin sporting a large sperm drop. 
 Now, years later, after a painful break-up, in a revisited version of the original France where they had fucked first, there were about seven people in the bar. When Cedrick arrived, piano-bar music filled the air, inspiring him to plop down by a window with a seaside view, the moon now rising over the Atlantic, sending reflections across the water, making him feel even worse, getting drunk and dying fast. 
 “But what do you do when you can’t let someone go? Pretend it didn’t happen?” 
 Cedrick’s mumbles sounded like groundhogs coughing drunken basenotes, hiding hearts overfilled with woe. 
 “You wallow in self-pity, crying over fucking spilled milk, hoping to mop up the droplets of tit-milk that can be saved, jerking your schlong off to a mere memory.” 
 The thin waiter with the blue eyes arrived, taking order upon order. As the evening went on, the waiter brought Cedrick his third Louis Royer Cognac that night and Cedrick secretly took out the plastic folder with the blonde lock of pussy hair, reached inside the bag and touched it. The ruggedly soft texture of her yummy pubic hairs brought back memories of digging deeper and deeper into Jenny’s vagina with his face. 
 Sure, Cedrick sat there with a boner by the window, but it was a hard-on with a symbolic knife sticking up his ass. It felt like the Chinese water torture. 
 Why had he followed his rage, let his impatience take the better of him? Why had he said all those things? Would she have stayed with him if he hadn’t been so loud, so obnoxious, so rude, told her that she overreacted all the time? Why had he let out all of his frustration about women being… what had he said… “such prissy bitches, overruling everything men say”? Men and women, different species, really, but Yings to Yangs, a plus to a minus, pieces of a puzzle, able to cope, becoming better people for it. 
 Cedrick lift his third glass of 32-year-old French Louis Royer cognac to his lips, finally thinking on deciding to call that hooker hotline, a bloody darned escort service. Tonight, he would ask for a nice redhead with big tits that he could hump until the sun came up, so he could fuck himself out of his own misery and get drunk again the next day. Maybe that would do the trick. Maybe then and only then, he could get over not seeing his soulmate again. 
 If it hadn’t been for the revelation that appeared before him. 
 As he turned around, his back to his third brandy and a rising lunar disc in the sky, facing the slowly populating bar, he saw a blonde woman. He knew her spirit, her fancy chit-chat and her endless deepthroating, her fantastic scrambled eggs and her witty text messages. In fact, he knew her vagina better than any other part of her body. That pretty and sexy blonde bush he had opened endlessly, sticking his tongue into. The clit he had eaten, tickled with the tip of his male wonder, it had returned, wearing that decent white dress that she had bought in Suffolk three years earlier. The one she had bought for the job interview at the Bank of England. It made her look “decent”, she had told Cedrick before ripping it off and setting herself down onto his erect penis and riding his blood blue. 
 “Decent, me arse, you’re my lusty whore,” Cedrick had whoppeed while thrusting his fat dick into her body and squirting her full of sperm. 
 Now, Jenny just stood there, looking like an angel, and, yes, a revelation. 
 Thoughts criss-crossed his brainstem, catapulting through his nerves into the bottom of his existence. Jenny? Here? 
 It was hard to express what he felt. His heartbeat accelerated, his eyesight failing him, sweatdrops trickling down his brow down behind his shirt into his buttcrack. Jenny? She just stood there, silent, her handbag in front of her crotch, her knockers swelling. 
 Cedrick’s heart soared into new heights he had not experienced flying around into since… yes, since meeting Jenny four years ago. He wanted to rush up to her, embrace her, stick his erect penis in her mouth, squirt onto her gums and ask her to marry him. 
 Cedrick just sat there, looking at her gently order a dry Chardonnay. There was no spite there, just a wounded question in her heart. That evil, wounded pride that he had dwelt in the last few … what had it been? Eons? The fear of never ever meeting someone to share his life with turned into dust. Maybe Cedrick would turn into a married man after all. 
 Or maybe not. 
 Who knew? 
 “Oui, Mademoiselle,” the thin waiter answered, leaving them to… do what? Reacquaint? Yell at each other? Fuck? That would be fabulous, but… was that possible? 
 Slowly, in that stately manner that so signified her entire elegance, Jenny strode up toward the barstool that stood empty next to Cedrick’s seat, resting her elegant and fuckable tush down upon a brown cushion. Cedrick watched that ass lower itself onto the barstool, not really being able to believe maybe… just maybe… being able to… 
 “You’re here?” Cedrick croaked. 
 Jenny lay her white handbag onto the table. 
 “Your mom told me you’d left for France,” she whispered, her voice as familiar as the moonlight reflecting on stormy waters. Jenny looked up into his eyes. “There was only one possible place I could look.” 
 Those eyes, reindeer eyes, deep brown lakes of love he could drown in, he would love to drown in and disappear into. 
 “I’ve been miserable,” Cedrick mumbled. 
 Jenny nodded, looking down, a sadness in her gaze. 
 “Are you here to say good bye again?” he added with a questioning gaze. “Or just here with someone else to rub it all in, hoping to excel my misery?” 
 She shook her head. 
 “I wouldn’t be here if I wanted to repeat any break-up, baby,” she continued, her gaze now drifting beyond the dark horizon, dreamily hoping to find that love beyond the moon inside the starlit sky of the universe. 
 Baby. She had called him … baby. 
 How nice that sounded. 
 How promising. 
 How hopeful. 
 Did he dare to… hope? 
 “You know, I sat there in my bank office, getting calls from suitors, even fucking some of them. I gave some of them blowjobs, I let them squirt on my face, they took me to the opera, I even let one of them fuck me… in the ass.” 
 She smiled, bitterly. 
 Jenny reached into her handbag and took out the cloth napkin with the rose she had bought over in Dublin, drying the two tears that streamed down her wounded face with it. 
 “The flat just wasn’t the same after you left,” she said, “I broke up with every one of my suitors, mostly after a week or so. I hated myself for being so… crazy. Finally, after getting so drunk I could hardly stand on my feet, I decided to call your mother and ask her where you were. I… had to… come… and see you.” 
 Jenny looked up into Cedrick’s eyes, that spirit beyond the body swimming inside her soul, his aura mingling with hers. The tension tingled to the point where Jenny didn’t notice the thin waiter with the blue eyes serving her a drink. The couple simply kissed, tongues playing gently with one another, saliva drifting from mouth to mouth, lip upon lip, pussy tingling, cock growing, nipples stiffening, nostrils widening. An eternity passed before their mouths parted, their foreheads meeting, their eyes closing, their hands intertwining and Jenny gently whispering: 
 “Just promise me one thing, Cedrick.” 
 “Anything you want, Jenny!” 
 “Never call me bitch again!” 
 It was hard to say what prompted the tears. Clear enough was that the tears came and that several people inside the bar turned around to see who was producing these guffaws, these desperate sobs. They guffaws accelerated into such a frenzy that Jenny had to grab Cedrick’s wallet from his shorts and pay for the drinks herself. 
 Soon enough, two half-empty glasses rested on a lonely table by the window, two lovers reassuring the redhead receptionist that they would pay for the extra person staying here over night, the receptionist reassuring Jenny that room 121 had a double bed. 
 It didn’t take long for the couple to take off their clothes, slapping themselves down on that double bed in a horny 69, Cedrick’s face inside Jenny’s blonde bush, Jenny mouth embracing Cedrick’s big cock. 
 Outside, the moon glittered over French waters, the Atlantic wind sending its sweet breath into room 121. Cedrick licked his girlfriend’s titties. As he thrust into her body again and again, he promised himself never ever to risk losing the love of his life again. 
 He would think before he spoke, just as she promised to reason before she exploded. 
 The groundhog that had tumbled the rock had come back to set the rock back in place. 
 As Cedrick squirted his sperm load into Jenny’s body that night, an angel came into his waking dream, telling him that he would become a father. 
 Cedrick and Jenny fell asleep in each other’s arms that night, driving home to London that next early morning. They got married in a small chapel in Walthamstow no one ever heard of. Now, many years later, they’re retired, Cedrick an ex-sports-instructor, Jenny an ex-banker. But they always tell their daughter Hope, when she comes to visit them, her own daughter Charity playing with her own toys, that she was conceived the day they got back together, back in France, back when the groundhog tumbled the rock. 
 Cedrick and Jenny now know where they want to buried: next to each other in St. Anselm’s Cemetery in Walthamstow. Cedrick and Jenny still make love, even at their ripe age, ever so wrinkled, even with eyes and ears failing them. They celebrate their eternal souls manifested through sexual lust. And Cedrick still thinks that Jenny is the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. 
 Sometimes, when they get really nostalgic, Jenny puts on her white dress and Cedrick puts on his Camel shorts, remembering their own youth.. They still fit into those garments, but not for long. They undress, they mingle, their lips and genders meeting, their heart uniting like they will in heaven. Cedrick squirts, Jenny wails. For they know in their hearts that the lust that created that their daughter is as little a sin as the sun itself. 
 And so they sit on that porch after sex, one drop of his cum dangling from her chin, glittering in the moonlight. They hold hands, looking at the stars, dreaming of their own youth back in France, back when emotions still were strong and the sun still glittered upon blue waves within what could be called the twilight zone of sensuality. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  January 10, 2017December 21, 2016 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  adult ,  anal ,  ass ,  ass sex ,  beauty ,  blindfolded ,  blowjob ,  bum sex ,  charles moulton ,  climax ,  cock growing ,  cuffs ,  cumshot ,  deeper ,  dildo ,  doggy style ,  embrace ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotica ,  escort service ,  facial ,  fiction ,  fingers ,  flesh ,  fuck ,  gently whispering ,  he couple simply kissed ,  hooker hotline ,  horny ,  Jenny ,  jerking ,  kate winslet ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  lip upon lip ,  lust ,  mature ,  mouth ,  nipples ,  nipples stiffening ,  nostrils widening. An eternity passed before their mouths parted ,  oral ,  pleasure ,  pubic hairs ,  pussy tingling ,  riding ,  saliva drifting from mouth to mouth ,  schlong ,  sex ,  sex story ,  skirt ,  sperm ,  sperm drop ,  stimulation ,  story ,  swallow ,  tears ,  the twilight zone of sensuality ,  their eyes closing ,  their foreheads meeting ,  their hands intertwining ,  thighs ,  tit milk ,  titfucking ,  tongue ,  tongues playing gently with one another ,  touch ,  vagina ,  wife ,  yummy pubic hairs 1 Comment on The Twilight Zone of Sensuality By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Travelling the Horny Moon By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Xavier’s fingers raced across the keyboard, his mind working faster than his hands could follow suit. The light of the full moon journeyed from outer space through the stratosphere, hitting that computer, the ticking clock on the wall remaining as much an object as the machine in front of him. 
 The clock, however, was, as ever, too slow for his taste. It was almost as if Xavier worked to fill the seconds with more words, as well as with more than words. And yet – and yet – the slow and solemn night, combined with Xavier’s quick inspiration, somehow changed his perception of time. Fast became slow and slow became fast, time transformed into merely organized digits and eternal timelessness arose from the depths into his spirit. It reminded him of his grandfather’s successful promises kept, fabricating clock upon clock in his workshop back in Lyon. 
 He had created this clock for Xavier. It still hung there, ticking, constant, reliable. And yet Xavier’s mind worked faster at night. Like Xavier’s literary work, his grandfather’s craft thrived on detail. Every clock had been a masterpiece. Every one was an original. Like he had been one: him, the grandfather. Like his grandfather had claimed Xavier was unique or every person was unique – every man and every woman. 
 “Ah, oui,” his grandfather had said. “The women are fascinating! So elusive and mysterious, quite a riddle, but a lovely one!” 
 This clock, eternal although time-constricted, had a picture painted on its surface of landscape, a shore with a beach and trees lit up by a moon. It was spiritual and yet sensual. Xavier’s wife had fallen in love with that clock and hung it up at that very place where it hung now. It had hung there since their honeymoon, or the “horny moon”, as she lovingly had called it. That had become a code word for sex ever since. Travelling to the Maledives for their “horny moon” and literally fucking themselves through it, that was one thing. The fact, however, was that their lust seemed to increase every actual full moon, but maybe it was just the fact that the moon inspired love. 
 Anyway, horny moons or no, Xavier’s wife’s boobs resembled actual moons and Xavier’s dick a rocket, so the married couple pretended that Xavier’s rocket came flying up between the two biggest moon of Saturn, squirting out its fuel on its neighbour Venus. Sometimes, they just called it titfucking. 
 Through the years, Xavier had watched his grandfather work, his reliability a buffer of strength. He had come to realize how like him he was: studious, hardworking and, he hoped, eloquent. Xavier’s articles thus turned rather eloquent in the end, his proofread stories seemed like fresh editions, his corrected book good enough to be published and his submissions professional. His literary skills were like clockwork: his timing was impeccable. 
 Time was of the essence and within the essence there was eloquence. 
 Outside now, though, the Queen of the Night had thrown over her brilliant blanket across the world, waiting, hoping, meditating. The stars glittering, the full moon graced the heavens brightly enough to re-awaken Xavier’s inner werewolf with the hot erection. 
 Xavier wanted to copulate. Who was he kidding? Xavier wanted to fuck. Inside his glass, the red Rioja reflected the lit candle’s flickering flame. Fuego’s breath exhaled sex into the fibres of his erect arousal. Time was of the essence. Inside the glass, time stood still. 
 Xavier found himself again being the only night-owl. His workaholic mind couldn’t stop fluttering and flying into new spheres, mixing genres, erotic with sci-fi and comedy with horror, sending off new stories to new publishers and wondering what horizons would meet him at the end of the next rainbow. 
 The dainty snores of his family, though, proved to be too inviting to reject. He listened for his wife’s sweet snore, her sweet restful sleep hopefully strength-gathering enough to snooze until the morning. 
 “What are you doing, Mom? Dad?” his daughter had asked them yesterday, walking in to their bedroom unannounced, just as Xavier found his big cock entering his wife’s hot pussy again for the one-thousandth time. 
 “Extreme cuddling,” Xavier had mused shyly. 
 And boy, had his daughter ever told her girlfriends what her father had told her as he laid on Mom. Their natural way of raising his daughter felt right, teaching her that her parents made love because it felt good. Maybe she could find a respectful husband one day with whom she could raise a free thinking and spiritual child. Their openness was neither compulsive nor was it forbidding, neither was it preachy nor revolutionary. 
 Sex, Xavier felt, was neither a sin nor was it against God’s wishes. Sex, Xavier felt, was creation at work, a unity of bodies and souls. 
 At its faithful and respectful best, sex was love. 
 No more, no less. 
 Flop. His laptop made a clicking sound as he closed it, followed by a cocky knock-back of fermented Spanish grape-juice. The house welcomed him to rest as he journeyed with the glass to the kitchen, the light of the moon again hitting the empty cold memory of wine. 
 Fabric by fabric, Xavier stripped and tread into the shower. The trickling water of the shower then replaced the red wine, seducing his skin with evening rejuvination. It was under the water that Xavier let his soapy hands massage his cock, rubbing it up to a glorious six inches. As he stood there, letting the shower inspire his helmet, he thought of sleeping wife, her brilliantly cocktrained mouth spoiling his dick rotten with spectacular blowjobs. 
 In and out of her mouth his penis went, her dickpleasing techniques glorious to say the least. He recalled giving her nicknames like “Dickraiser” and “Penislover” and “Spectacular Fuck” and “Wonder-Wobbles” or simply “The Best Fucking Cumshot in History”. 
 Well, Thea loved hearing him tell her: 
 “Come on, baby, stick my cock in your mouth and suck more than a little!” 
 And how she did suck. His cock felt like singing, if it could sing at all. 
 “You suck so well!” 
 “You cockh tashtesh shooooah grreath,” she would always grunt, his dick plopping in and out of her bobbing horny head. And then he would fuck her, her tits wobbling to and fro, finally squirting his cum onto her tongue penishungry tongue. 
 The sweet cool water dripping off his horny manhood, Xavier inspected Thea’s bathroom wall-decorations: kissing fish, randy octopus hearts, titlike jellyfish and vagina-like sharks. It was with an eager smile that he brushed his teeth, still looking at the seahorse that reminded him of a tit with many nipples. And when the towel dried his one-eyed weasel off, Xavier swore himself to lick himself some serious wifey-tit. 
 Once in bed, however, his dick still as erect as a flagpole, he chose to give himself a short five-finger-mambo before performing a tender sleep assault on his S.A.F. - his Sausage-Addicted-Filly, his C.T.M.C. – Cock Teasing Masterpiece of a Cockpleaser. 
 Laying there in the darkness, he let his hands massage Mr. Happy. He remembered his wife’s nice girlfriend arriving earlier, sitting on the terrace, drinking coffee, putting in a cake onto her sexy tongue. Xavier imagined walking up to that girlfriend’s seat, plucking out his cock and asking her to give him a blowjob. 
 That fantasy elaborated itself almost independantly and let his dick throb. 
 In that next fantasy, his wife Thea and the girlfriend Maria sat on the edge of their bed taking turns sucking his cock until he squirted on both of their faces. 
Now his sex fantasies really took off. Laying there in that darkness, rubbing his long dick, he felt a pride for his own cock surge. That pride, however, did not only entail a love for pussies and tits. The sight of a cock inside the mouth of a pretty lady remained one of the most breathtakingly beautiful sights in the world. So beautiful, in fact, that Xavier wondered how it was to suck cock for real. 
 Xavier was a hunky and masculine man in this life, no question. 
 He believed in reincarnation, though, and was sure that he had been a woman in his earlier life. At that moment, his own long cock raised, he recalled being a rich woman once, on her knees in front of three men, sucking their cocks one by one, letting them squirt on her face in turn. 
 Xavier felt his own tits swell, large and succulent ones ready for some male tongue. He felt his wide hips tingle and his pussy throb. Every cock tasted fantastic and with every squirt Xavier opened his mouth in this life, waiting for male cum to land on a willing female tongue. One of his fuckers in that previous life was the husband in that incarnation, Henry. It had literally been a fantastic orgy. Henry, his previous female self and the two other men met once every week in their large mansion, fucking like rabbits. 
 He lay there, remembering how feminine he had felt back then and how masculine he felt now. Then, the surprise. Henry, the husband of his previous incarnation, had been Thea in her last carnation as a man. Man, so they had switched places just to learn what it was like to be the other gender. Thank God! 
 Inspired by all of this, he moved his hand slowly toward his wife’s tits, reaching under her covers. Realizing that she already had raised her nightgown, Xavier began massaging her left boob slowly and elegantly and with a joyous grin on his face, Mr. Happy now larger than ever. The left nipple grew to the size of a strawberry as quickly as Thea’s moans manifested a fine and raunchy crescendo. 
 With his right hand Xavier wanked his large dick into greater lengths whilst giving his wife that jugjob of her life. Soft like a pillow, smooth as silk, her knocker inspired the helmet of his penis to become as blue as a blueberry and as red as tomato, all of his body’s blood pumping into that loving hotrod. 
 “Ooh, yeah,” his wife mused as Xavier bent over the second tit, letting his tongue flippy-flop it to randilicious glory. “That feels good, baby.” 
 Xavier laughed enthusiastically. 
 “I’ll give you a piece of something that feels better,” he answered, grabbing her blonde head and leading in down between his legs. “Suck on this, darling!” 
 The sight of his wife putting his Long John Silver onto her tongue flabbergasted him every time. What was better was the fact that she kept aiming to deep throat him deeper and deeper for every gag. That whole erect prick landed in her mouth, making him fly. She didn’t seem to get enough of cock. His hands kept on massaging her cupcakes as her saliva trickled into the cockeye of his shaft. What he loved more than anything was slapping her ass a little and patting her head a little more while she blew him off. 
 “A countess at the celebrity reception, a cocksucking whore in the bedroom.” 
 “I’ll be your good girl, baby!” 
 That was Thea’s motto. So it often happened that Thea begged for Xavier to control her, call her a slut, ask her to be a good girl, lift her skirt and stick in his cock by surprise while she stood by the stove. If he did that well, she said, she could go back to her work as a major CEO with more joie de vivre and a feeling of more power. She had acted the part of the cocksucking whore. Her staff would know she meant business, profiling her position on the basis of skill alone. The slut in the bedroom belonged to Xavier. 
 Xavier? He admired Thea’s sense of organization, her intelligence, her vocabulary way more advanced than even his as a published author. So imagine the joy of getting the permission of treating his strong and respected wife like a whore in the bedroom. 
 With a happy smacking sound, Thea flopped his cock out of her mouth, creamy saliva trickling down her chin. No, not yet, Xavier thought to himself, straddling his wife’s face and pushing his testicles into her mouth. She sucked willingly, moaning and groaning like a sex-servant. And when Xavier pulled his balls out of her mouth and stuck in his dick, he reached back into her cunny and fingerfucked her. 
 The arousal exploded into a frenzy, forcing him to lick his way down past the titties and into her snatch. The salty taste of her vagina turned his oral sex into a wet dream. 
 “Come on, you macho clitlicker,” Thea groaned. “Stick it in!” 
 His wet face withdrew from Thea’s cunt with clitliquid dripping onto her bellybutton. 
 With a purple-blue helmet as a weapon, Xavier ignited his rocket, shooting his machine-gun aggressively into her snatch, riding her like a horny stallion rode his steed, her jugs bouncing like kiddy rubberballs on a Saturday afternoon, her tender ass feeling soft enough to slap a little and her face sexy enough to lick. 
 Their mutual splendor turned into a wildfire, the speed increasing. 
 “Thea, I have to squirt into your mouth,” Xavier exploded. 
 “Come on, stud,” she answered. “Give me some proteins.” 
 Just like Xavier had done in his reincarnated memories in the earlier dark, Thea stuck out her tongue willingly, hoping for some hot cum. He wanked harder and faster, his entire persona getting ready to fling some jizz on his wife’s sexy face. In cramp-like fits, his sperm shot out of his long and hard penis onto his wife’s cock-starving tonsils. 
 “Yummy sperm,” she oozed. “More where that came from, Eleven!” 
 On Xavier’s face a wide grin appeared, his cummy cock sliding in and out of his wife’s mouth. “Eleven. You haven’t called me that in years.” 
 “Well,” Thea mused, giving his willie a kiss and licking off the white stuff. “To me, you will always be my hot soccer rod with the 11 on your teamshirt. Besides,” she continued, sucking a little bit, “your cock is as thick as two other cocks, name any fucking cock. I’ve done a lot of cocksucking in my life and other guys have about half of your thickness. That’s why 11, that is two ones, is a perfect nickname for you. You fill me up like no other cock can.” 
 That made him happy. Mr. Happy? That, too. 
 Thea showered about three in the morning, cleaning the cum off her face. His daughter woke up, wondered what the matter was. Subsequently, his wife went into his daughter’s bedroom, sang her “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star” and told her a bedtime story about Bobby the Bear and then came to bed, only to be fucked haard and bad by her horny man again. 
 Xavier wondered if his daughter Lena had heard them fucking. Thea only answered that their daughter had asked her if the extreme cuddle was fun. Thea had answered that it certainly was. Thea, Xavier realized, was not only a celebrity countess and a nightly whore. She was also the best mother the world had ever come up with. 
 It was Thea’s turn to be dominant that next day. Xavier mowed the lawn, cut the hedge, did the taxes. Thea went to work, commanded her staff around. In the evening, he proofread a book of his that was going to be published, called a few literary agents, planned a few booktours and brought Lena to bed, singing her a song and telling her a sweet story, as well. Xavier couldn’t be happier. He was a successful professional, had a great wife, a fantastic daughter, a great house and wonderful colleagues. 
 In the evening, Xavier wanked and squirted on a picture of his wife, preparing to turn into a nocturnal werewolf again, his wife Thea’s eternally happy and powertool, King of the Greatest Cocksucker Queen of the Milky Way. 
 Man, his wife really knew how to suck good cock. 
 How’s that for travelling the moon? 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  July 14, 2016 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  adult ,  ass ,  beauty ,  big cock ,  blowjob ,  chales moulton ,  climax ,  cock ,  cum ,  embrace ,  entering ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotic fictio ,  erotic fiction ,  erotic sf ,  erotica ,  fiction ,  finger ,  fingers ,  flesh ,  horny ,  horny moon ,  hot erection ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  love ,  lovingly ,  mature ,  mouth ,  mysterious ,  nipples ,  pleasure ,  pussy ,  s & m ,  sex ,  sex story ,  sexual ,  squirting ,  stimulation ,  story ,  suck ,  thighs ,  tongue ,  touch ,  travelling the horny moon ,  venus ,  wife ,  women Leave a comment on Travelling the Horny Moon By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 A Dream’s Reality By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 So it came to pass that Sophie Fernandez again lay in her Kensington art-studio loft, sleeping. She looked like a Goddess, maybe Aphrodite, maybe Artemis, maybe Hera. In any case, her custom of painting in the nude had resulted in a dormant oasis. 
 After finishing her work, she simply passed out, her jugs full and ripe, her unshaved pussy wet, the locks of her pubic hair curling and waiting for a long and hard cock, her fuckable body resembling mountain-hillsides of creamy canyons. 
 One empty bottle of Ribera del Duero 2004 stood on the table, a remnant of a solitary celebration. She had made sure to buy the best and favorite Rioja for the completion of a fine artistic reproduction. After all, a British lass of Spanish decent should always drink Rioja wine. So, Olé! Or as the case may have been: Voila! Her painting was finished. She was ready for sex. That was a sweet cause for celebration, indeed. 
 She looked just as much like a work of art as what she painted. Tall, brown eyed, nougat complexion, enticing hair, long fingernails, soft seductive eyelashes, pink cheeks, her aura peaceful, as peaceful as the softer passages in the Water Music by Händel that had been playing on a loop for God knows how long. 
 It soothed her subconscious as she slept on that old large couch with no back or ends. Alone, sleeping out an afternoon hangover, dreaming interesting dreams where a man she did not know visited her and told her that he had written a story about her. 
 Sophie’s one leg lay across the green cloth, emulating the position she lay in within her dream, the foot resting on the fabric, and the other plopped down upon the parquet floor, her pink nailpolish catching the light of the sunrays as her toes twitched. her right hand stretched back above her head and the other softly touching her sleeping cheek, her bare skin sprinkled by little specks of paint, her nipples now bearing a small coat of greens and reds, parts of her tits sprinkled in blues and yellows, wishing for that strange man to come and add some sperm to the color. 
 It was as if Sophie Fernandez was a part of the art she painted. 
 It seemed decadent, of course, painting in the nude, drinking wine, eating chocolate, but the kicked off blanket displayed a tanned body: two orbs of glorious mammaries, lickable, shagable, soft, round, bouncy, hot, cool, spermhungry, tit-job-willing, softly leaning to each side, her shaved genitals heaving and sinking along with her suntanned stomach. That slight snore, audible only if a person stood completely still next to her, transporting serenity, sexiness, fertility and, ultimately, love. 
 She didn’t know it, but someone was in there with her, flying in and out between her dreams and her reality. That spirit, the Goddess of love, Aphrodite, someone that knew more than she did about who she was: someone watched her intently as she slept. That spirit heard Georg Friedrich Händel’s Water Music blasting through the speakers, the tired body of that struggling artists strained, limbs aching, eyes numb from the endless concentration of gazing on a large canvas. 
 Meticulously, Sophie had spent the last three weeks perfecting a replica. 
 “The Arrival of Maria de Medici at Marseilles”, on display in Paris at the Louvres, was still her favorite of Rubens entire cycle of 24 paintings for the Queen and mother of Louis XIII, so it came as no surprise that she jumped at the chance to reproduce it. Her rich customer in Oxford, who had ordered the painting, would sure get his money’s worth. 
 Sophie Fernandez lay there like a drunken swan, the London breeze tickling her aching muscles, the reproduction on display in a room, empty of furniture, filled with paintings, wine and, yes, a stereo. 
 Sophie woke up, gasping for air, realizing that she had passed out after that last gulp of the delicious wine, the glass still on the table. She felt the breeze caressing her body, the chill feeling a bit like a tongue finger caressing her shoulder. Sophie ruffled her hair, uttered a well formed: “Oooh!” and closed her eyes, protecting her sensitive eyes, and leaned against her hands. Breathing into her palms, she sat there for longer than she could recall, and thought about the dream. Had it been a dream at all? 
 She looked up, realizing how loud she had set the CD-player and wondered that she had been able to sleep through all of that. She walked across the room and turned down the music, saw her white kimono hanging on the wall, put it on, but kept the recording running in its own loop. 
 Blinking into the open room, Sophie wondered. Two hours? Three? Four? What time was it? Sophie glanced over at the Dali clock, closing her robe, studying the clock, designed to look like it was melting, and saw that it was five in the afternoon. Sophie had fallen asleep, drunk, at one. Oh, my. 
 Mom only knew that Sophie was very successful, but living a free and bohemian lifestyle. Not that she emptied a bottle of Rioja and a box of chocolates every day, but only in order to celebrate the finishing touches of her painting. The gentleman paid £ 4500 for the replica, which gave Sophie something to celebrate. She would buy her mom something special. A computer or something. A good one. Or a tablet. Maybe she would ask her dad to come over alone and she would paint a portrait of him for mom. Maybe she would paint them both. Maybe she would create a sculpture for them. A sculpture of love. 
 Dazzled, tired, half-drunk, aching and a bit dizzy, the sunrays triggered those dark lucious eyes. Sophie stood there for a moment, basking in the sunshine, letting the silhouettes of the London houses seduce her. London seemed like a good way to celebrate a good month’s work, catapulting out into the familiar funloving life. 
 Then she remembered her dream. The man. The story. She felt like researching who this charming man had been who had visited her in her dream. It seemed so real and yet like a mystery waiting to be solved, especially since the man in her dream had told her that Sophie had him in the painting. 
 In that Rubens painting? She had added a face of her own, to be sure. 
Mischievous, to be sure. Mischievous to paint an extra face on a painting that was supposed to be an exact replica. But people expected it by now. Ever since grade school, even then she had tried to copy other work, adding something of her own in it. Now it had become her trademark. Even in her replicas of Mona Lisa, her fans tried to find out what element was new in her replica. A tree that wasn’t there in the original? A mountain that had another color? A river that meandered east instead of west? Her fans had become almost like Hitchcocks fans, who waited for his appearance in his own movies. What has Sophie Fernandez planned now? 
 That's what they were saying. 
 Now, in that Maria de Medici painting, Sophie had painted an extra face: the face of a sea-man, a merman if you will, not a mermaid, splashing around next to King Neptune and his chubby sea nymphs. This face had been totally her own invention. She hadn’t even chosen a friend or an associate to pose for the painting. The sea creature had a sympathetic, intellectual face, one that would be her own signature, her own trademark for this special replica. 
 The new owner of the replica, the rich man from Oxford who paid her £ 4500 for the artwork, had in fact kept saying how eager he was to find out where the new element would lie hidden. 
 Now, this man in her dream claimed that this face was the face of the dream man named Charles E.J. Moulton. Thoughtfully, Sophie Fernandez walked up to her canvas, reaching for the Mozart-Kugeln, looking thoughtfully at the face, how it smiled at her. Those chocolate covered candy sweets, that lay so a sensually on the table next to the canvas, seemed to be screaming: “Eat me!” at the top of their lungs, as if they had any. They were as candescent as the dream, as rich as the wine, as lucious and her own breasts, as mysteriously candescent as sin. 
 That face, could it be the face of that person the woman had spoken about? Charles E.J. Moulton? Did a person like that exist? Was this the face of Charles E.J. Moulton? Hmm. Sophie let the chocolate melt in her mouth slowly, picking up the wine and looking at the bottle. Some of her friends claimed that only French wines were real wines and that anything else was a fermented grape juice. Be that as it may, to Sophie Rioja was a work of art. A dangerous work of art, it seemed. After all, one bottle of alcoholic fermented grape juice could produce quite a few strange hallucinations. The effects of wine, however, were just as mysterious as the effects that dreams had on the soul. The names were real memories from dormant dreams though, and Sophie kept remembering those names. 
 A dream man had just fucked her in her sleep. 
 Who was he? 
 As Sophie stepped into the shower that day, rubbing off the paint off her naked body, she wondered. Sophie slipped into her Victorias Secret lingerie, floated into that black Gucci skirt and let that white Versace blouse produce the crowning glory of her looks. Like a perfect recipe for a successful apple pie, Sophie, with that Water Music by Händel still blasting through the speakers, put on her L’Oreal eyshadow and her Revlon lipstick and her Jade rouge and sprinkled herself with some Chopard perfume, turning herself into a work of art, just as much a mystery as a dreamy wine. 
 When she walked out of the bathroom, she glanced one last time on her reproduction and smiled. She did not have the answers as to what the dream meant, but she maybe the answers would come to her. Maybe she would take some time tomorrow and research who these people were and if they existed at all. 
 “£4500, she whispered to herself. There’s a good reason to fuck.” 
 Turning off the stereo and letting that German dude from Halle take the royal break of his sexy afternoon and let King George be a stranger, she strode royally, like the sexy Queen she could be, toward her penthouse door, ready to leave her art loft, ready to experience amorous salvation. 
 The small “bleede-leep” of her laptop indicated that someone waited for her. Sophie wanted to ignore that someone and just leave, go where ever the wind took her, take her Porsche and just forget about the strenuous detail-obsessed paintbrush-picking and the endless chit-chat of her neurotic voices. After all, London waited for her to rediscover her. 
 London, the mistress, the casanova, the blowjob. 
 Sophie glanced over a well formed shoulder, looking over at her Samsung PC, how it blinked and winked at her, telling her that perhaps a new customer was knocking at her virtual door, hoping that she would say yes to an offer. 
 That familiarly uneasy feeling of being drawn between profession and leisure kept her doing a small fandango of sorts in her doorway, back towards possible work and forth towards a possible one-night-stand. Sophie looked at the decending sun, inspecting it for a moment, making believe that it spoke to her: 
 “Come to me and I will lead you to my friend: the night, the sun said. Come and dance, wine and dine, sing and laugh. You’ve earned it.” 
 This time, though, Sophie Fernandez really knew in her heart that this mail couldn’t wait. She quickly walked up to the PC, her heels seductively clicking on the parquet floor. 
Impatiently clicking on the keys of the keyboard, Sophie finally and proverbially arrived in her mail programme in an art forum she had joined a month ago. Commercials for a seminar. Her mail site had gone bing just to show her how great a companion this art forum could be. Spam? Nothing but spam? 
 Sophie pursed her lips, both pairs: facial-lips and pussy-lips, shaking her head in anger, and was just about to close the computer when she saw a strangely familiar name flashing across the screen. It was familiar to her, at least familiar within her dreams. It was an anglo-saxon name, but she was not really sure if the person bearing that name actually was Anglo-Saxon. This man could be British or Australian. International. 
 Charles E.J. Moulton. 
 If he existed, was he worth a fuck? 
 At first the name seemed distant, as if she hadn’t dreamt about that man at all. 
Slowly and ever so carefully, Sophie sat down and read the excerpt that was flashing across the screen. The New Members section of the info mail from the art forum now had a new budding trainee: a man in the prime of his life who displayed his paintings in a British art forum. At first, it scared Sophie. She could feel her heart flutter. How come then that this man now appeared on the flashing computer screen in her penthouse? Thoughts of hallucination and conspiracy came to mind. Scary thoughts of possession and obsession meandered through her brainstem and hit her fluttering heart. 
 Her hands began to shake, her forehead produced light sweat drops that now trickled down her elegantly made up face, ruining her make-up. Sophie felt herself stiffen like a corpse. She felt like laying down, curing the hangover that she again felt. Had she heard that name prior to the dream? No, she had never heard that name. Then why was this name now here on the screen? She didn’t know why, but this scared her. 
 Carefully, her painted fingernails shaking so hard that they clicked repeatedly against the keys of the computer keyboard, she clicked on the painting that came with the name: a Bob Rossian kind of painting with the red and yellow colors mingled together and black silhouettes of elephants and palm trees gracing the front. The screen waited, bleeped and searched for its source and soon the artist bio presented itself. 
 The text ran on for quite a bit and she saw that the man was a Renaissance Man of sorts. Sophie felt herself gasping for air, leaned back in her chair and slapped her right hand against her mouth. Uncontrollably, she began laughing. It was a high chuckle, one that helped the initial fear actually transform itself into joy. 
 Someone was here with her. Aphrodite. How could one otherwise explain the fact that two such unique names presented themselves to her in her sleep and then showed themselves in black and white on the screen. 
 It didn’t take long to find out that Charles had written a short story named “A Venus Born in London” about a succulent British-Hispanic reproductive artist named Sophie Fernandez. What was this? Demonic possession? Angelic magic? A sign from above? 
Had this man been prying in on her life? On the other hand, with the web as prominent as it was, it was not difficult to guess that he had found something about her and decided to write a story about her. But … Sophie winced, looked out toward the London dusk and tried to figure this one out. How could that be? 
 Sophie completely forgot about time. She walked in to her kitchen and brought out another bottle of wine, a French Bordeaux one this time, a 2006 Chateau Latour. Taking her first sip with her right hand, she clicked on Charles Facebook-site with the other. 
She clicked on Charles name, requested for him to be a friend, not really knowing what was happening to her and why she was so afraid. She actually wanted to run out into the open street and leave in her expensive car and forget that this was happening. 
 She nearly jumped out of her seat, jumping almost as high as her art studio ceiling, when she saw that Charles not only answered her request, but also that he was online. 
Sophie laughed again, this time even more uncontrollably. 
 And suddenly, the urge to eject into the London party scene vanished with the afternoon breeze and was replaced by solving a mystery. 
 “Hello, my name is Sophie Fernandez,” she wrote. “I would like to be your friend.” 
“Hello back,” Charles responded, “that sounds nice. Do I know you?” 
 “I am not sure,” Sophie answered. 
 “Tell me something about yourself,” Charles added. 
 “I live in London,” Sophie wrote, “this is all very confusing, Charles. Who are you?” 
 “I am an actor, an author, a singer, a painter. I’ll ask you again: do I know you?” 
 “I would think so. I mean, you wrote a story about me,” Sophie laughed. 
 “What? How so?” 
 “Your story ‘A Venus Born in London’ is about a British-Hispanic artist living in London. She paints replicas of famous paintings. That is what I do. That is who I am. You must’ve done a lot of research about me.” 
 Charles crooned: “Hold on, Sophie. I made those characters up. That all came from my own imagination. I even made sure that the website that I made up in that story didnt exist. I checked and double-checked it. You’re telling me you exist?” 
 Sophie shook her head and spat: “This is spooky. You mean, you have never really heard of me? That can’t be. You’re putting me on.” 
 “No.” 
 “Look, I dreamt about you, Charles. In my dream, I heard your name and a spirit told me I had painted your face into my replica of the Rubens painting.” 
 The long wait in the online conversation had Sophie thinking that Charles had left for good. Then, the shock. The amazing coincidence. Aphrodite’s prediction. The dream man. 
 “Sophie,” Charles wrote. 
 “Yes?” 
 “I’m in London right now,” he said. “If you tell me where you live I could come over. I mean, if I wrote a story about you and you painted my face into the painting, we should meet. I mean, I would love to meet you.” 
 “I just showered,” Sophie mused. “I could get naked for you. I mean, I was sort of looking for someone to fuck.” 
 “Okay.” 
 “Kensington High Street 45. Fernandez.” 
 “I’ll be there in 30 minutes.” 
 Sophie trembled like a crazy cat in a snowstorm for that remaining half hour. This had to be real, though. She looked at the pictures of Charles in the net and realized she had painted his face into the painting without knowing it. Then he must’ve invented the story about her without knowing that she was real. Aphrodite had been here. 
 Sophie stripped naked and waited, combing her pubic hair and massaging her tits a bit, ruffling her hair. When the doorbell rang, Sophie jumped, feeling like a schoolgirl meeting the man of her dreams for the first time, his voice mellow, his face grinning. Crazy thing to strip naked for a strange man, but Aphrodite had brought her someone she could fuck. 
 The mystery man. 
 He arrived, that mystery man, saw her naked and smiled. They kissed, he touched her breasts, two strangers who had met before. Sophie showed Charles her painting and his face gracing the corner. Then and there, they realized it was time to fuck. 
 Fate had brought them together. 
 Sophie looked down upon the growing bulge in Charles’ jeans. 
 “What’s that?” 
 Charles shrugged. 
 “Something for you.” 
 “Is it Christmas?” 
 She wrinkled her nose a bit, making her cheeks dimple, her tongue licking her lips. 
 Slowly, she took a few steps up toward Charles, her high heels clicking against the floor. As she dwindled down upon her knees, her ass swayed in a way that reminded Charles of a flowers swaying in the wind. Using her long nails as tools to unzip his pants, she made him feel like a lamb on the way to the slaughter. If that hadn’t been enough, she now pulled down the trousers all the way to the ground using only her mouth. 
 Red elegant fingernails grasping glory, she opened her eyes wide, making a very indicative “Ooh!”-movement with her lips upon seeing what was waiting for her. Her one index finger grabbed the buckle of his belt and seductively felt how hard it was. 
 With a very spiritual and candescent looking grin, a six inch gender literally catapulted out of his pants into her face. 
 “It’s huge.” 
 “20 centimetres.” 
 Sophie carefully opened her mouth and wrapped her elegant cocksucker lips around his shaft, making little squeaking noises and smacking her lips in the process. That fabulous sensation made her see stars. She licked his cock, gave him deep throat, sucked on his balls, ready to be a submissive whore, letting that game of hide-and-seek go and just become the cock sucking hooker that she knew she could be. 
 With enthusiastic lips and swirling tongue, Sophie boobing her head back and forth like a regular slut, she gave Charles the blowjob of his life, tasting that salty sausage and feeling its length tickling her tonsils. 
 The sun was setting as he inserted his tongue into Sophie’s snatch for the first time, giving her the feeling that he buried his face deeper and deeper into her clit by the second, probing her like an oil-drill. So deep, in fact, that Sophie soon only saw his hair looking like an extension of her pubic hair. The sound he was made was quite similar to the sound a man made while drinking beer. The slurping and licking made her think that there were gallons of clitty-juice in there – and there probably was. 
 She laughed to herself, aroused by this amazing sensation. 
 Soon enough, Charles turned Sophie around and stuck in his cock from behind. Sophie knew that her ass-cheeks wobbled as he fucked her. Well, Charles fucked her through and through right then and there and she bet he really enjoyed seeing how wobbly her butt could be while he pounded her. No tightness there. Just a nice wobbly butt that loved being fucked like the cocklover’s ass it was. 
 It didn't take very long for Charles to change holes, so to speak. 
 For every thrust Sophie’s horny lust grew more insatiable and Charles’ dick harder, Sophie’s back entrance tight and lovely. They were getting into a steady rhythm now, sort of a marching beat: thrust in, slide out, thrust in, slide out. For every time he thrust in, her boobs bounced to and fro, causing her to look only to moan and yelp and their almost choreographical dancing beat giving her a second orgasm. Charles bent over to lick her back as he fucked her ass. It turned into an amazing ballet of cock and butt, tongues and tits. 
 With a fantastic smacking sound, Charles slid out his cock out of her asshole, jerking off quicker and faster than Sophie had ever had seen anyone jerk off before. His manhood grew so big that she literally felt like watching a tower erupt out of the ground. 
 “Come on, mystery man,” she gasped, “squirt on my face!” 
 Shockwaves of bloodshots came racing down from his chest, the sperm factory now preparing for a spectalar lift-off. 
 “With pleasure, fictional fuck!” 
 One gigantic load pinpointed her open tongue, sliding down into her throat. The second shot spread onto her happy laughing cheek. The third came flying across her forehead, landing on a lock of her hair. 
 It was then that Sophie woke up, realizing that she had been dreaming. 
 That evening, she turned on the computer and found Charles’ name in the web. 
 The rest is history. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  February 16, 2016 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  a dream's reality ,  adult ,  aphrodite ,  art studio ,  ass ,  beauty ,  blindfolded ,  blowjob ,  bouncy ,  celebration ,  charles e. j. moulton ,  charles moulton ,  climax ,  cock ,  cool ,  creamy canyons ,  cuffs ,  dali clock ,  dildo ,  dream ,  drunken swan ,  embrace ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotic fictio ,  erotic fiction ,  erotica ,  fertility ,  fiction ,  finger ,  flesh ,  foot ,  fuck ,  fuckable ,  fucked ,  fucker ,  fucking ,  glarious mammaries ,  glorious mammaries ,  goddess ,  goddess of love ,  horny ,  hot ,  jugs full and ripe ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  laugh ,  leash ,  leg ,  lickable ,  long and hard ,  love ,  mature ,  mouth ,  nipples ,  nude ,  painting in the nude ,  pleasure ,  position ,  pubic hair ,  pussy ,  round ,  s & m ,  sex ,  sex story ,  sexiness ,  sexual ,  shagable ,  skirt ,  sleeping ,  soft ,  spermhungry ,  stimulation ,  story ,  tanned body ,  thighs ,  tit-job-willing ,  toes ,  tongue ,  touch ,  ultimately ,  unshaved ,  wet ,  wife Leave a comment on A Dream’s Reality By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Moonshine Ember By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 My lusciously rich beauty. My fabulous cocksucker kitten. 
 I secretly wondered if the museum now worked on displaying live and moving artwork. In that case, I would probably have walked up and touched the treasure. What parts? Well, I would’ve started with the knockers and slowly fumbled myself down to her ass. The crowning glory would then be trying out her damp snatch. Ah, artistic bliss. Ah, wet pussies. 
 The living artwork in question? More opulent than a 9 feet by 9 feet Rubens painting, more tranquil than a Monet, more exquisite than a William Turner and more crazy than a Jackson Pollock galaxy spread. Her beauty certainly outshone most artworks that I had seen in my days. And I had seen a lot of art in my young life. 
 At that point, though, when I saw her first in that art museum in Vienna, she was all new, all sexy, all cockraising and all flabbergasting. 
 I would’ve fucked her right there on the spot. 
 I had done quite a bit of tit examination in my day. Having chosen to specialize on baroque art was no coincidence: my love for buxom vixens really went into the extreme. I just loved big tits and round asses. 
 This time, I hit the jackpot. 
 Damn it, I told myself. I had come here to do some research for my thesis, study the details in Rubens paintings, take notes and map out a plan for my literary work. After all, my final exam was coming up and I needed to get plenty of material for my paper. Vienna’s Art Museum provided me with all I needed, including several experienced colleagues with inside information of all those fantastic baroque painting techniques and anecdotes as to who painted what in which of Rubens’ artworks? Snyder, Jordaens, Bruegel? 
 Rubens’ art was like sexual intercourse: a collaboration. 
 Well, I put my thesis on hold that spring day. My cock only cared about making itself comfortable inside its new home: her wet pussy. 
 I had to have her. It was as simple as that. I saw that woman and I was lost. 
 I wondered why the guards didn’t ask her to stand back and watch the paintings from afar. Her inspection of Rubens’ rather voluptuous and naked second wife Helene Fourment, wearing only a fur, bordered on the obsessively meticulous. Somehow, though, something told me that the guards had hard-ons as well, every male trouser in this room bulging like crazy. I could actually see them drooling. 
 Okay, I drooled, too. Her tight black skirt embraced her ass in a way that had my sperm factory working overtime. I really didn’t know where to look first: her ass, her boobs or her long flowing hair? It also really did not help that her skirt ended in stockings with patterns of flowers and butterflies, elegantly positioned silvery decorations squirted on the fabric. They reminded me of cumdrops or small droplets of flowing clit juice. It made me seriously wonder if her panties were as pink as her pussy. On the other hand, pussies never had the same color, but all of them tasted good. 
 I really did try to go back to the studying of the painting. I worked really, really hard at it, too. I even went to the length of actually turning away from the woman and going to another part of the museum just to spite myself. I mean, I couldn’t be gawking at her like a silly sophomore, could I? I mean, I was no teenager. I was close to my Master’s Degree in Art History. An art master with a hard-on? Okay, we men all have hard-ons, but during scientific research? Sexual research, maybe. Stranger things have happened. 
 No matter how hard I tried, though, and I did try hard, I constantly went back to where she stood. Every time that woman bent over to look at a painting, I swooned. I could see the buttcrack and it sung an aria by Mozart to me: 
 “Oh, art thou sweet, thou noble derriere. My rock of ages in her cleft so fair.” 
 It made me want to rip that skirt apart and stick my dick inside her wobbly ass, pumping her like a fucking rabbit, watching the buttcheeks bounce like two balls in unison. 
 It got stranger and stranger, actually. I kept finding reasons to follow her just so I could study the size of her boobs. As I said, my reputation as a boob-man became renowned even early in high school. My best friend found a couple of copies of Penthouse in my sock drawer in my room, a magazine filled to the brim with big, luscious jugs. We ended up wanking all night, telling my mom that we were working on a school project. 
 Anyway, after following this incredible woman for about an hour I decided that I really had to fuck her. I didn’t know how, but my cock would definitely land in her cunt eventually. Oh, how fantastic she looked when she studied those paintings, her breasts dangling down, her elegant black blouse hugging her tits like crazy. Those things had to be C-cups. D? Mmh, I dunno. Getting my hands on those lucious breasts would, in any case, be like dying and going to heaven. 
 So, accordingly, I had discreetly glanced over and see if the blouse had a cleavage. When I realized that it did, I tiptoed over to where she stood more than once just to sneak-peek into that wonderful oasis of mammary love and cockteasing bliss. 
 Long and sensually curved hair, her black locks gently falling across her gold necklace, spilling over those large round earrings. It made that precum pop out of my dick with a happy: “Hello, swallow me!” 
 I knew what those big earrings symbolized, as well: her love-holes. Sexy women always wore these round earrings to show men how willing they were to fuck. This girl had big round earrings, so I felt fucking lucky. 
 The lipstick made me feel like shoving my entire manhood onto her tongue and shooting my loud load onto her tonsils, giving her wet stomach the protein dose of its life. 
 While my testosterone battled with my brain about whether to leave the museum and go home or just study her buttcrack for the rest of the day, her phone rang. Everybody in the room looked up. It wasn’t as if nobody had noticed her. She was probably the most fantastic looking woman in the room, the country, the planet, the universe, whatever. Some chick in the museum, a dowdy looking things, even gave her boyfriend a dirty look for giving that fuckable lady a half-smile. 
 When the sexy woman’s phone rang, however, it gave that other chick a reason to think how much of a slut this girl actually was. 
 She didn’t care, did she? 
 Any man would’ve been unfaithful for Miss Perfect. She knew that. 
 When the girl threw her head to one side, letting that marvelous head of hers float and dangle and curve and sway, I melted. I think I came twice, actually, my sperm making little squirts in my Gucci underwear. 
 “Natalie Imrie here,” the woman chirped. Her accent sounded British. Hot damn, I told myself. I am in the hands of an English lass. She gave the caller a sexy laugh. “Oh, yes. Of course. Well, if you want to, sure. Where are you right now?” 
 This girl spoke with a posh London accent that had me want her even more. 
 I think I flied and went to Brazil when that woman, whom I had wanted to fuck for over an hour now, actually came and sat down on the couch next to me. Yes, I’ll admit it. I had my notepad and my pencil in my lap and I had written lots of gibberish in silly letters about the paintings I had been looking at, just so anyone wouldn’t think I was just here to study how incredible an ass that woman had. 
 “Mmm-hmm,” she said and smiled again, throwing me a shot of her Chopard perfume my way just by throwing one of her sexy arms onto the seat next to me. “I’ll go right ahead. No, no, that’s no problem. Well, I’ll see what happens, okay?” 
 Who was she talking to? Her boyfriend? An associate? Her father? 
 What was she going to do? 
 “Maybe you’ll get some good ideas. Yes, dear. I know who you mean.” 
 The small pause and the obviously sexy chatter by some man at the other end – and it obviously was a man – had me wondering what she was talking about. Was she going to be unfaithful? British girls, however, had the reputation of giving spectacular blowjobs. 
 “Bye,” the woman that I now knew to be Natalie Imrie told bid her caller farewell. 
 As if she had just been given a signal of some sort, Natalie Imrie with the fantastic jugs turned to me and looked me straight in the eye. 
 I grew red in the face at first, but then I got lost inside the color of her eyes. They were brown, but with an interesting quality that had me think of ember, the glowing, hot coal made of greatly heated wood. Her eyes glowed like a campfire on the night of a full moon, the moon being the seas of white round her ember iris in each eye. Actually, her gaze made me feel like a werewolf. Natalie looked like a kitten, her long eyelashes curved outwards with more black visible toward the edges of her eyes. 
 I stammered a quiet: “Hi there!” 
 “Hi,” Natalie sing-songed, making me tremble. “You American?” 
 I nodded, giggling, now feeling that I rushed steadily into the welcome parade of Natalie’s cunt. “Yes, I’m from Michigan, but I am studying art here in Vienna. I’m about half a year away from my Master’s Degree. What about you?” 
 Natalie arched her back, obviously giving me a closer look at those absolute incredible looking breasts. She knew it, too. “I work here.” She shrugged once, glancing over at me with a knowing glance. “I am already finished with my Master’s. I came here a year ago. My mum’s German, although I grew up in London. When I was offered a position here as an Art Director, I took the job. I have the best of both worlds.” 
 She looked at me for what I really felt to be three hours, although it probably just amounted to three seconds. 
 “What brought you here?” 
 Well, although I looked at her boobs all the time and not into her eyes while I spoke, I told her that I had painted since childhood, that my family had taken me on a trip to Vienna when I was a boy and that I finally decided to move here in order to study art. 
 When I looked up at Natalie, she glanced at me with that disarming look that had me screaming for sex. She started chuckling. Out of nowhere, she put her hand to her mouth and giggled in such a knowing way that I almost felt insulted. 
 “What?” I asked, feeling ashamed of myself and not knowing why. 
 “You,” she finally said, putting her one hand with its long red fingernails on my leg, “are so easy to see through. Mr. Transparent.” 
 My mouth twitched a bit. I now felt insecure. Was she toying with me? 
 “Why?” 
 “Mr. Bulge-in-his-pants.” 
 I cleared my throat, feeling like someone just caught jerking off in a public place. 
 She shook her head. “What’s your name?” 
 “Uhm, Kevin.” 
 “Okay, uhm, Kevin?” 
 “Yeah?” 
 “You have been following me around this museum for over an hour!” 
 “You noticed?” 
 She laughed even harder now, her boobs jumping up and down as she did. A couple of visitors looked her way as she did, probably thinking she was just a stupid slut and not the Director of the Vienna Art Museum. 
 “Uhm, Kevin, the moment I walked into the Rubens Room, you made me feel like a painting by Rubens,” she added provocatively. “I bet,” she added, leaning over to whisper in my ear, making me smell that Chopard perfume even more intensely, “that you have had lots of fantasies about me over the course of this hour. Me, naked, pouring honey over your cock and licking it off with my elegant lips …” 
 I started chuckling nervously. 
 “Oh, I don’t know.” 
 “Come on, uhm, Kevin,” Natalie whispered again, now touching my ear with red lips, “you wanna fuck me, don’t you?” 
 Her sultry gaze had me cum again. 
 I nodded. 
 Natalie continued: “I don’t know why I am doing this, but I might be willing to let you inspect my pussy a bit closer.” 
 She now put her hand on my lap and rubbed it gently. 
 “It’s shaved, you know.” 
 I giggled quietly and frantically, if such a thing is possible. 
 “Where do you want to fuck, Natalie? Here?” 
 I kept looking behind me, above me, to all sides, just to see if anyone overheard our conversation. Everyone seemed to be busy studying art, while I was studying Natalie’s C-cups. She shrugged. 
 “Let that be my concern. Fancy a shag, love?” 
 I giggled again and nodded, feeling like a little schoolboy. 
 “Then cum!” 
 Natalie stood up, shook her tits a bit, took my hand, looking like Venus. I literally felt like a school boy being pulled by his mom to art class. Natalie escorted me through the Monet rooms, the Rubens gallery, the Bruegel chamber, past the Van Eycks and Vermeers and Velasquez paintings of the Spanish Habsburg Infantas. When we arrived in a rather posh office with a large chandelier, Natalie closed the large white door and locked it. 
 Surrounded by silver trays and expensive art, I held a woman’s hand who had been just a wet dream a moment ago. Natalie still had not arrived where she wanted me to be, obviously. She escorted me into an even smaller room, equipped only with a bed-like couch, a nighttime table, a few books and a lamp. 
 She locked that door, as well, once we came in. I think I lost my nerve, because I started shaking. My legs shook, my hands shook and my shoulders shivered. 
 And I got the biggest hard-on of my life. 
 Natalie, who up until now had been amused by me, looked down on the growing bulge in my jeans and couldn’t stop groaning. 
 “What’s that?” 
 I shrugged. 
 “Something for you.” 
 “Look promising,” she mused. “Is it already Christmas?” 
 She wrinkled her nose a bit, making her cheeks dimple, her tongue licking her lips. 
 Slowly, she took a few steps up toward me, her high heels shuffling against the carpet. As she dwindled down upon her knees, her ass swayed in a way that reminded me of a flowers swaying in the wind. Using her long nails as tools to unzip my pants, she made me feel like a lamb on the way to the slaughter. If that hadn’t been enough, she now pulled down the trousers all the way to the ground using only her mouth. 
 “Holy shit, uhm, Kevin,” she moaned. “It’s huge.” 
 “9,4 inches,” I said proudly. “24 centimeters.” 
 Natalie carefully opened her mouth and wrapped her elegant cocksucker lips around my shaft, making little squeaking noises and smacking her lips in the process. 
 That fabulous sensation made me see stars. She licked my cock, gave me deep throat, sucked on my balls. She was ready to be a submissive whore, letting that game of hide-and-seek go and just become the cock sucking hooker that I knew she could be. 
 The helmet of my penis was now blue, all of the blood in my body pumping into my crotch. “Oh, ah shuhsst lovvve schucking your cockh,” she mused. 
 I banged my cock into her mouth, my big tasty cock dripping like crazy. I felt like flying, moaning and groaning in higher and higher tones. 
 With a thunderous plop and really sexy splash of a sound, it sounded like she had just finished a lollipop, she took out my long dick out of my mouth and wiped off her own saliva with an exclamation: “Show me how good a pussy licker you are, baby. Lick this sexy bimbo’s cunt like a good boy.” 
 I didn’t have to wait long in order to follow her dominating orders, my dick bobbing in its erect position like a flagpole in the wind. 
 In fact, Natalie Imrie stripped faster than I have ever seen a babe strip. Her boobs made my dick laugh, sing, holler, dance, squirt, love and cha-cha-cha all at once. I think I disappeared into that cleavage for an hour before moving down to drink me some pussy. I had the feeling that I buried my face deeper and deeper into her clit by the second. So deep, in fact, that I soon only saw her shaved pussy as pink as her knickers. 
 The sound I made was quite similar to the sound I made when I ate me some spare ribs: sloppy. There were liters of salty clitty juice in there and I was going to drink it all. I laughed to myself, aroused by this amazing sensation. 
 I heaved myself out of her crotch, my face dripping wet with cunt-liquid. When I thrust my prick into her cunt hole, Natalie sang, actually sang Gilda’s “Caro Nome” from Verdi’s “Rigoletto”. She seemed to ache with excitement, her grunting telling me that every part of her clit throbbing with pain, a pain that she actually enjoyed. 
 I withdrew my dick and stretched it out into the open air, jerking off like crazy, her insane gaze giving me the impression that’s she was in a sexual trance. Willingly, she crawled about on the couch toward my throbbing cock, looking like a seal, swirling around from her position on her back to a position under my dick, opening her mouth wide and sticking out her tongue, making little squeaking and horny tones. 
 “Give me your cum,” she moaned, sticking out her tongue. “Come on, baby. Squirt on my face.” 
 My hand movements now accelerated, my face grimaced, my head bobbing, my dick even bigger and bluer than before. Finally, my cock erupted, a long string of cum skyrocketing into onto her tongue. The second portion shot onto her left cheek, the final dessert of this three course sperm-dinner landing on her nose. Every portion of her face was covered in cum. She licked it all off, swallowing every drop. A stunned silence now came over the room, our mutual copulation inspiring us. The office became our symbiosis, the restful oasis of a green acre that had appeared after the hot fire of lust of our burning desire. 
 Then, she laughed. 
 There she was, naked, full of sperm, shouting with laughter. 
 First, it felt cool. Then, I wondered what she was laughing at. 
 Laughing with me or at me? 
 “Man, uhm, Kevin, you were the best fuck of my life. Wait until my husband hears about this.” 
 It felt like I had been stuck with a pin, my cock almost immediately shrinking down to the size of a peanut. 
 “Your husband?” 
 Natalie sat up, rubbing her boobs as she did. 
 “That was the guy I talked to on my phone when I came and sat down next to you,” she began. “We go to lots of swinger clubs in our free time and keep looking for things to spice up our sex life with. He called me on my cellular and told me to try to get you to fuck me. It wasn’t hard, though. I think he got some good tips in how to fuck me well.” 
 “He saw me watching you.” 
 She caressed my cheek. “He’s a security guard here.” 
 Natalie raised her voice. 
 “Wolfgang?” 
 In a jiffy, a back door opened and another naked man wandered in, holding a camera. 
 In a thick Austrian accent, he said: 
 “Fantastic fuck, uhm, Kevin!” 
 Flabbergasted by this turn of events, I started laughing as well. 
 Not only was Natalie’s husband naked, his equally long cock raised, a film obviously now available on DVD for our mutual viewing pleasure. He had also brought something else with him from the back room: three naked ladies, one blonde, one brunette and one redhead, all of them with huge boobs, all of them ready to have themselves some dick. 
 I definitely knew that if I played my cards right, I could get a job here. 
 After all, I would have fucking nice colleagues. 
 Ah, my moonshine ember and her wonderful friends. 
 Rate this: 
 Author   temptationmagazine Posted on  June 1, 2015 Categories  Fiction ,  Uncategorized Tags  a pound of flesh ,  adult ,  ass ,  beauty ,  black skirt ,  blindfolded ,  blowjob ,  bulge ,  buttcrack ,  charles e. j. moulton ,  charles moulton ,  cheeks ,  cleavage ,  climax ,  clit ,  cockteasing ,  copulation ,  cuffs ,  cum ,  dimples ,  embrace ,  entertainment ,  erotic ,  erotic fictio ,  erotic fiction ,  erotica ,  fiction ,  finger ,  flesh ,  fuck ,  horny ,  kiss ,  kissed ,  kitten ,  leash ,  lipstick ,  loud load ,  manhood ,  mature ,  miss perfect ,  moonshine ember ,  mouth ,  Natalie ,  Natalie Imrie ,  nipples ,  office ,  pleasure ,  pussy ,  Rubens paintings ,  s & m ,  sex story ,  sexual ,  shaft ,  shaved ,  skirt ,  sperm ,  stimulation ,  story ,  thighs ,  tongue ,  tonsils ,  touch Leave a comment on Moonshine Ember By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Top Posts 
 
 Breathing Space By Time Barrow 
 The Collar, The Leash and The Wife By Aiden Mulane 
 
 Pages 
 
 About Us 
 Contributors 
 Writers Guidelines 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 DESIRE: A Pornographic Short Story by Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Scrabble at the Widow’s Club By Paul Henry 
 Occupational Hazard By Stephen Faulkner 
 Awesome Threesome By Charles E.J. Moulton 
 Bites By Michael Fontana 
 
 
 Fiction   Uncategorized 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Nov 
 
 
   temptationmagazine 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2019  (1) 
 October 2019  (1) 
 September 2019  (1) 
 July 2019  (1) 
 June 2019  (1) 
 May 2019  (1) 
 March 2019  (1) 
 February 2019  (1) 
 January 2019  (1) 
 October 2018  (1) 
 September 2018  (1) 
 August 2018  (1) 
 July 2018  (1) 
 May 2018  (1) 
 April 2018  (1) 
 February 2018  (1) 
 January 2018  (1) 
 October 2017  (1) 
 September 2017  (2) 
 August 2017  (3) 
 July 2017  (1) 
 June 2017  (2) 
 May 2017  (2) 
 April 2017  (2) 
 March 2017  (2) 
 February 2017  (2) 
 January 2017  (2) 
 December 2016  (1) 
 November 2016  (2) 
 October 2016  (2) 
 August 2016  (1) 
 July 2016  (1) 
 June 2016  (2) 
 May 2016  (1) 
 March 2016  (1) 
 February 2016  (1) 
 January 2016  (1) 
 December 2015  (1) 
 November 2015  (1) 
 August 2015  (1) 
 June 2015  (2) 
 April 2015  (1) 
 February 2015  (2) 
 September 2014  (1) 
 August 2014  (2) 
 May 2014  (1) 
 November 2013  (1) 
 September 2013  (1) 
 July 2013  (1) 
 April 2013  (2) 
 November 2012  (1) 
 October 2012  (1) 
 September 2012  (1) 
 August 2012  (1) 
 July 2012  (1) 
 June 2012  (1) 
 May 2012  (1) 
 April 2012  (1) 
 March 2012  (1) 
 January 2012  (1) 
 December 2011  (1) 
 November 2011  (2) 
 October 2011  (1) 
 August 2011  (1) 
 May 2011  (3) 
 January 2011  (1) 
 December 2010  (3) 
 September 2009  (1) 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Aaron Garrison's blog 
 Amazon UK 
 Duotrope Writers Website 
 Jerome Brooke's Blog 
 Kara Leigh Miller 
 Kara Leigh Miller Blog 
 Kara Leigh Miller facebook Page 
 Matt Piskun's Blog 
 Michael Ampersant's blog 
 Mike Sharlow 
 Morpheus Tales Magazine 
 Naughty Nights Press 
 Ralan's SpecFic & Humor Webstravaganza 
 rogerleatherwood.wordpress.com 
 Smashwords Ebooks 
 Stanley Riiks Blog 
 Steve Slavin's To The City, With Love 
 Sunni Brock 
 Temptation Magazine Facebook Page 
 Time Writes 
 Ty Spencer Vossler 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 
 adult 
 
 
 a pound of flesh 
 
 
 ass 
 
 
 balls 
 
 
 beauty 
 
 
 blindfolded 
 
 
 blowjob 
 
 
 breasts 
 
 
 charles e. j. moulton 
 
 
 charles langley 
 
 
 charles moulton 
 
 
 climax 
 
 
 clit 
 
 
 clitoris 
 
 
 clothes 
 
 
 cock 
 
 
 collar 
 
 
 cuffs 
 
 
 cum 
 
 
 dildo 
 
 
 embrace 
 
 
 entertainment 
 
 
 erotic 
 
 
 erotica 
 
 
 erotic fictio 
 
 
 erotic fiction 
 
 
 fiction 
 
 
 finger 
 
 
 fingers 
 
 
 flesh 
 
 
 foot 
 
 
 fuck 
 
 
 fucking 
 
 
 hooker 
 
 
 horny 
 
 
 kiss 
 
 
 kissed 
 
 
 knees 
 
 
 laugh 
 
 
 leash 
 
 
 lips 
 
 
 love 
 
 
 manhood 
 
 
 mature 
 
 
 mexico 
 
 
 mouth 
 
 
 my cock 
 
 
 naked 
 
 
 nipples 
 
 
 panties 
 
 
 pants 
 
 
 paul henry 
 
 
 penis 
 
 
 pleasure 
 
 
 poem 
 
 
 prostitution 
 
 
 pussy 
 
 
 s & m 
 
 
 sandy george 
 
 
 sex 
 
 
 sex story 
 
 
 sexual 
 
 
 skin 
 
 
 skirt 
 
 
 sperm 
 
 
 stimulation 
 
 
 story 
 
 
 thighs 
 
 
 throat 
 
 
 tongue 
 
 
 touch 
 
 
 tub 
 
 
 wife 
 
 
 woman 
 
 
 women 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Temptation Facebook 
 
 Temptation Facebook 
 
 Follow Temptation Magazine on WordPress.com 
 Temptation Magazine   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
