Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Forensic Psychologist [Contractors] - Forensic Psychiatric Services, Various Locations available 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BC’s Forensic Psychiatric Services is a multi-site health organization providing specialized community-based assessment and treatment services for adults with mental health disorders who are in conflict with the law, across all geographic areas in BC, including six regional clinics. 
 We are seeking qualified forensic psychologists interested in contract opportunities for conducting court-ordered pre-sentence report (PSR) assessments across the province. We are also seeking forensic psychologists interested in providing cognitive behavioural treatment of individuals subject to court orders within the Forensic Sex Offender Program (FSOP). Contracted positions are offered on a casual basis, and may involve service delivery via virtual health technology as well as in-person. 
 We are looking for forensic trained psychologists interested in conducting cognitive behavioral treatment of individuals subject to a court order on a contractual basis. 
 Dependent on the role, you will: 
Complete comprehensive psychological assessments including assessing risk to re-offend, upon referral by reviewing the legal orders to ascertain the stage of proceedings and the nature of the assessment requested; consulting with the interdisciplinary team which may include the assigned psychiatrist, case manager, nurse, psychiatric social worker, and psychological assistant as necessary to determine the nature of the assessment; reviewing the police reports, and previous psychological, nursing, psychiatric, and social assessments; determining the appropriate battery of psychological testing to be administered to the offender; arranging and conducting psychological interviews with the various individuals, and other relevant collaterals; advising the accused person regarding issues of consent and confidentiality/non-confidentiality; and supervising and/or administering psychological testing and interpreting the results. 
Prepare comprehensive written psychological reports that include descriptions and interpretations of psychological testing and formulation of a psychological profile with recommendations for treatment and management of risk related behaviors. Psychological Reports must be prepared at a standard for submission to the Courts or the BC Review Board. 
Participate in treatment planning conferences relating to persons who have been referred for assessment by providing input from a forensic psychology perspective on a variety of issues related to the patient. 
Provide testimony as an expert forensic psychology witness in the Courts or BC Review Board hearings in support of psychological assessments by researching, studying and understanding complex legal and clinical issues related to relationships between psychological factors and criminal behaviors; maintain up-to-date knowledge and understanding of forensic psychology issues and expertise in risk assessment and risk management tools and the relationship to criminal behaviour; establishes through education, experience and reputation recognition by the courts as an expert witness in forensic psychology; and is able to withstand intensive and extensive cross examination intended to diminish status as an expert witness or destroy credibility or accuracy of facts, testing formulations, conclusions and recommendations contained in written reports. 
May participate in research in relevant areas of forensic psychology by assisting in the development of design and outcome studies; assisting in data collection and analysis; working with institutions of higher learning in major research undertakings; preparing research papers for publication and presentation at relevant psychiatric and psychological conferences; and maintaining an up-to-date review of relevant research in issues of forensic psychology. 
Provide structured, evidence-based group and individual treatment, as well as intake, risk, and outcome assessments, for court ordered sex offenders in various locations across the province. 
 You are: 
Doctorate in Clinical Forensic Psychology, or closely related area, experience in a forensic mental health context 
Practicing clinical registration (good standing), with the College of Psychologists of British Columbia 
Clinical experience with assessment and treatment of adults in a Forensic Mental Health setting including risk assessment, cognitive behavioral therapy, trauma informed clinical interventions and treatment modalities 
 You have: 
Expertise in the use of risk assessment/risk management tools and the relationship to criminal behavior 
Experience with assessment and treatment of adult sex offenders (particularly group treatment) an asset 
Willingness to travel to urban and rural regions of BC and/or conduct aspects of service by secure video conference an asset 
 If this sounds like you, apply now! 
 About Us 
 As part of the provincial mental health services continuum, BC Mental Health & Substance Use Services provides a diverse range of specialized, "one-of-a-kind" tertiary level mental health services to residents across all geographic areas in BC. These include Adult Forensic Psychiatric Services located at the Forensic Psychiatric Hospital plus six regional clinics. In addition to direct services, BC Mental Health & Addiction Services acts as a support and resource to service providers across the province, and contributes to research and education. 
 The Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, manages and evaluates selected specialty and province-wide health care services across BC, working with the five geographic health authorities to deliver province-wide solutions that improve the health of British Columbians. PHSA embodies values that reflect a commitment to excellence. These include: Patients first • Best value • Results matter • Excellence through knowledge • Open to possibilities. 
 The PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 Contracted as needed 
 Rate:  $150.00 per hour 
Locations include the Lower Mainland, Victoria, Nanaimo/North Island, Prince George, and Kamloops, as well as various remote locations across the province. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
