  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 BI Engineer & Analyst 
 at Oddbox 
 go back to Data and Product Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤40000 - ₤50000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤40000 - ₤50000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Applications for this role close on 25th January 2021 
 About Us: 
 We are the UK's fruit & veg box that fights food waste. We work closely with farmers & growers from all across the UK (& abroad), to rescue & fill up our boxes full of fresh, seasonal fruit & veg which are at risk of going to waste. The reason for this? They're simply seen as too oddly shaped, too oddly sized, or even just - too many. 
 Alongside our community, we help make a difference to the planet each week - fighting food waste at farm-level, preventing unnecessary CO2e emissions and saving water along the way. 
 ODDBOX is a Certified B Corporation and will continue to make a difference to our planet with each & every box. 
 This is a massively exciting and unique opportunity to join our rapidly growing and purpose-led company as we continue to fight food waste and prove that sustainability can be easy. 
 Our Vision: 
 A world in which all food grown is consumed. 
 Our Mission: 
 To rescue odd and surplus food in order to reduce food waste and foster conscious consumerism. 
 The Role: 
 We're looking for a perfectly imperfect individual to drive improvements and efficiencies to Oddbox's data visualisation and reporting capabilities, while identifying opportunities to showcase our data in new and engaging ways across the business. You will act as a key partner to teams across the business to ensure data is engaging and accessible, allowing it to be utilised at the heart of decision making. 
 Initially the role will focus on building out our Looker BI platform and expanding our use of Snowflake, connecting more data sources and modelling data. Data plays a huge role at Oddbox and we believe that engineering, analytics and data science are critical to enabling the business to scale quickly and sustainably. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop a complete knowledge of all data sources and maintain a strong relationship with the wider data function, in order to provide them with the reporting and support they need 
 Be a key business partner to teams across the organisation, to understand their key business challenges and needs from a data perspective, working with teams to solve their challenges and needs 
 Democratise insights providing growing numbers of users with the appropriate information 
 Establish best practices for reporting and data visualisation, so that data can be easily interpreted and utilised to inform strategic decisions 
 Support and train members of the business in dashboard best practice 
 Working across the entire business, proactively identifying opportunities for automation of data reporting and visualisation 
 Adopt a continuous learning approach to BI development and reporting techniques, keeping up to date with the latest thinking and practices 
 Influence the approaches to using data across the business, focusing on self-service BI. Driving a data led culture and providing advice, support and recommendations on how data can improve business initiatives 
 Have the confidence to challenge the status quo and develop creative solutions to complex problems 
 Develop interesting and innovative data presentation techniques and identify opportunities to improve existing reports 
 Contributing to the creation of complex data sources and reports, to provide concise and meaningful insight to the whole business 
 
 Essential Skills and Characteristics: 
 
 Proven track record of advanced dashboard development in Looker 
 An expert in SQL 
 Ability and willingness to learn new tools and techniques 
 Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with both technical and non-technical colleagues, translating complex concepts into simple terms where required 
 Well organised, with the ability to prioritise workload and manage stakeholders effectively 
 An understanding of data warehousing principles 
 A methodical, analytical and logical thinker, with the ability to see the bigger picture and get to the underlying business questions and challenges that need answering 
 The ability to plan and structure workload, collaboratively delivering under pressure and to deadlines 
 High levels of technical and situational awareness within fast-growth eCommerce 
 You have 3+ years of commercial BI engineering experience 
 You have 3+ years of commercial data analysis experience 
 You are confident in implementing, training and continually improving integrated BI platforms 
 You have worked in D2C eCommerce 
 
 Other Details: 
 
 Compensation - £40k - £50k depending on experience 
 Start date - Immediate 
 Duration of role - Permanent 
 Location - We're currently mostly remote. When we're able we'll be reopening our office in Vauxhall but have a flexible working policy with partial Work from Home. 
 
 What you 'll get: 
 
 An exciting opportunity to be part of a sustainable challenger brand at a time where we are scaling rapidly, helping reduce food waste one carrot at a time. 
 Employee perks via Perkbox & CharlieHR 
 Employee Cycle to work scheme 
 Free fresh fruits, breakfast cereals and snacks in the office 
 Team drinks/dinner and team building events 
 Discount on Oddbox fruit and veggies. 
 Flexible working hours 
 Learning & Development budget 
 33 days holiday per year (incl. Bank Holidays) 
 Health Cash Plan 
 
 We actively encourage people from a variety of backgrounds with different experiences, skills and stories to join us and influence and develop our working practice. We are particularly keen to hear from people of colour and candidates who self-identify as disabled. Oddbox is committed to equality of opportunity for all staff and applications from individuals are encouraged regardless of age, caring responsibilities, disability, gender, gender identity, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and sexual orientation. 
 Published at 22 Dec 2020 - Expires on 22 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
