
 Work at Home FAQ™ 
 A lot of life happens from 9am to 5pm, do you really want to spend it in a cubicle? 
 Primary Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Learn 
 Press 
 Reviews 
 Subscribe 
 Ask us anything! 
 
 Search 
 Secondary Menu 
 
 Mystery Shopping Monday 
 Track Your Treasure Tuesday 
 Work at Home Wednesday 
 Talkin' Shop Thursday 
 Fraud Friday 
 
 Our Promise: NO fluff, NO BS, NO scams, NO "get rich quick" schemes... 
 Just the honest truth about working from home with legitimate companies and resources to get you started and keep you motivated! 
 Check it out! 
 Post navigation 
 <- Advice to New Credit Card Users 
 Unemployment Benefits for Starting a Business -> 
 What to Expect on a Virtual Job Interview 
 Posted on   by  
 Watch this episode on YouTube: 
 Listen to this episode on Soundcloud: 
 Work at Home FAQ  ·  What to Expect on a Virtual Job Interview 
 Dear WAHFAQ, 
 After applying to several companies for work at home jobs, I finally got my first virtual interview! Is there anything special I should plan for? What should I expect? 
 Virtual interviews are not that different from regular in-person interviews, other than they're conducted remotely via phone, Facetime, Zoom, or Skype. Because you won't have in-person interaction with your potential employer there are a few things to keep in mind for a successful virtual interview: 
 Set aside time in a quiet environment.  It should go without saying that you should make sure your dogs and cats and kids and other distractions are out of sight and hearing range. If you’re trying to get a work at home job and it seems like you live in a disorganized, chaotic zoo, you’re not likely to get hired. 
 Test your connection.  Check and double check any software you’re not familiar with, and make sure your Internet connection is rock-solid. If you get spotty reception, try to use a land-line instead of cell phone. 
 Make sure you’re dressed professionally.  If your interview is over Skype, Zoom, or Facetime or any other video-conferencing platform, make sure you look the part. I’ve seen outtakes of interviews where someone was wearing a dress-shirt and tie, but it was revealed that he was in boxer-briefs when his dog came running into the room and the applicant had to stand up to grab him. Full interview clothing, folks…head to toe. 
 Make sure you act professionally.  Again, a virtual interview is very similar to an in-person interview. Don’t let your home environment relax you into being your casual self. It’s never a good idea to swear, drink beer, eat food, or smoke (cigarettes or otherwise) during the interview. Yeah, you’d be surprised at what people do! 
 Be prepared to give a tour of your workspace . Some employers will want to see the equipment you have, or ask you to share your screen to see what programs you use. It’s best to clear your browser history (in case they want you to go online) and not have a lot of random icons (or sexy pics!) cluttering your computer screen. Make sure your workspace, both online and physical, looks professional. 
 Be prepared to be tested.  People lie on their resumes. Since you can find out any kind of information with a quick search, some job applicants figure they can fake it ‘til they make it, and state that they know how to use software that they really have only heard of. Your potential employer may ask you to share your screen and ask you to complete certain tasks during the interview process. 
 Maintain eye contact.  If you’re not used to using Skype, Zoom, or Facetime, it can be a little disorienting because you’re going to want to look at the interviewer’s face, which usually is in the lower right corner of your screen. But, when you do that, you’re not looking at the camera, and the interviewer can’t see your eyes, which, even if subconsciously, discourages connection. 
 You can overcome this awkwardness by positioning the interviewer’s face (the box you see them in) right under your computer camera lens…in the top center of the screen. Then, just think of your camera lens as their eyes. You’ll still be able to make quick glances down to their face, but it won’t be as obvious as looking in the lower corner of your screen. Practice a bit with friends, and you’ll definitely notice the difference that slight adjustment makes! 
 Good luck on the interview! 
     Think about all the extra money you could make by being a mystery shopper, starting your own business, or working from home for a  legitimate  company.  Take control of your income  and check out our  LEARN  page for a list of classes, books, and more! 
 Sign up for the Work at Home FAQ newsletter   and enter to win monthly giveaways like free books, classes, or telephone/Skype consultations! 
 Disclaimer: Links to products and services throughout the website, videos, and blog may or may not contain affiliate links. This means, we may or may not earn a small commission from sales originating through this website.  We would not recommend any product that we wouldn’t use ourselves, regardless of whether we earn commission or not. 
 Additionally, while we adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence, the content provided is a means to educate and inform and should not be a substitution for professional advice for your specific situation. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 Posted in  Work at Home Wednesday  | Tagged  interview preparation ,  virtual interview  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Advice to New Credit Card Users 
 Unemployment Benefits for Starting a Business -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
 Start making extra income today! Updated books available now! 
   
 Search 
 Quick Reference 
 Work at Home FAQ 
 Mystery Shopping FAQ 
 Get the newsletter and receive info on legitimate work at home jobs, freelance gigs, how to avoid scams, mystery shopping, and self-employment! 
 Name  Email Address 
 Submit 
 Categories 
 Work at Home Questions 
 Scam Questions 
 Mystery Shopping Questions 
 Home Business Questions 
 Money Management Questions 
 Home Business Profiles 
 Videos 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
  Privacy Statement, Policies, and Disclaimers  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Our Commitment 
 
 Work at Home FAQ is a 
 Queen of the Random Job  site 
 Copyright © 2021  Work at Home FAQ™ . All Rights Reserved. 
 I defend my copyright 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
