We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. View our updated  Cookies & Privacy Policy  to learn more. 
 I Agree 
 
 
  workforolympia.com  
 
 
  __Who We Are 
 
 
  __Career Path 
 
 
  __Awards & Accolades  
 
 
  __Jobs 
 
 
  Privacy Policy  
 
 
  Contact Us  
 
 
  theolympiacompanies.com  
   
  Search Jobs  
 Bookkeeper 
 Gorham, NH 
 About the Property 
 At the newly opened The Glen House Hotel, our guests experience authentic New England with majestic mountain views of Mount Washington and the Presidential Range. Our hotel features 68 guestrooms with amenities our guests expect and need such as a spacious lobby, heated indoor saltwater pool, fitness center, and a full-service restaurant and tavern, The Notch Grille. Situated on the campus of the Mount Washington Auto Road and Great Glen Trails, The Glen House is a four-season destination offering guests access to walking trails, hiking, biking, snowshoeing, cross country skiing, drive yourself and guided tours, and so much more. The Glen House is a proud recipient of the Gold level certification in the NH Green Hospitality Program. 
 We pride ourselves on our unique “team friendly” approach to employment. We celebrate and understand the value of each and every player and the role they play in our day to day operations. We are dedicated to living our core values every day, which guide us in anticipating our guest and team member needs while exceeding expectations. 
 We invite you to join our team by completing the employment form below. 
 Job Description 
 Skills Required: 
 Leadership, problem-solving, and intermediate computer skills; ability to share knowledge and teach others to perform tasks, high level customer service, effective communication with guests and team members, able to follow instructions, learn quickly, pay attention to detail, and maintain composure when working under pressure 
 Technical Skills: 
 
 High aptitude in working with numbers and experience using excel 
 Bookkeeping and basic accounting principals 
 Keyboarding and office skills 
 
 Experience / Education:  ** ****** 
 Minimum 2 years of accounting or bookkeeping related experience preferred. HR experience desirable; college degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 
 
 Performance: 
 90 Day performance review, on-going feedback from supervisor, attendance, productivity, feedback from others, 
 etc. 
 
 Physical Demands: 
 Work is performed in a hotel environment. Sitting, computer keying, working at a desk, viewing spreadsheets and other written or displayed numbers and words for extended portions of the day are required. Extended workdays may be required to accomplish tasks and meet workload demands during peak periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
 Location 
 The Glen House 
979 NH Rt 16 
Gorham NH, 03581 
 603-466-3420 
 Job Overview 
 TITLE:  Bookkeeper 
 DEPARTMENT:  Administration 
 FT/PT:  Full Time 
 __   Download Job Listing 
 Apply Now 
 To apply for this job, please use the form below 
 Email * 
 Name * 
 Phone Number 
 Message * 
 Resume 
 Please upload your resume here. Allowed files: .doc, .docx, .pdf. 
 Are You Human? * 
