[ 
 a little dose of keelium 
 ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/ "a little dose of keelium") 
 Skip to content 
 
 About this blog 
 Contact me 
 
 Career choices, identity, and being many things at once 
 Fuck, you guys. Just… 
 Fuck. 
 I've been having a really hard time lately in deciding what to write about. If you've been around awhile, you know that this is  not exactly   a new problem   for me , but lately it's felt particularly urgent. To get at why, I'll have to back up a bit and fill you in on what has been filling my days lately: work. 
 
 I haven't been at the new job long, but I've already learned a lot. I've learned about the things I'm researching for work, of course-chemistry, material science, cutting-edge technology-but right now I'm more focused on what I've learned about myself as a researcher and writer. 
 I've learned that I kind of love googling and typing my days away, even when the subject matter is not entirely of my choosing. I love filling my brain up with facts, ideas, and stories, and then trying to organize it all into a somewhat coherent whole. It's a place where I feel very comfortable and confident-and where my years of experience as an enthusiastic student serve me well-but where I am also somewhat challenged. I love my dual monitors, my dozens of browser tabs, my legal pads covered in chemistry notes and outlines, and my Evernote notebook quickly filling with links and pdfs. I babble easily with coworkers about the history of mass cadmium poisonings and novel compound semiconductors. There's a print of a vintage french periodic table hanging over my desk, for fuck's sake. This is very much my domain. 
 I've even started to get used to pounding out a few pages of content every.goddamn.day, and I'm continuing to get better at the quieting of my inner perfectionist necessary to pull that off. I'm improving my ability to write in a prescribed style without feeling so hemmed-in and fake that I second guess myself constantly. Somewhat ironically, the relatively formulaic writing I'm doing is making me  more  aware of my own style, voice, and writer-ly tics, and I could be kidding myself, but I think it's good for my writing skills overall. I'm forced to pay attention to words and turns-of-phrase that I'm overly reliant on, to decide which habits are useful and which are distracting. 
 
 The point to all of this, of course, is that I'm good at this work, and I like it. That isn't to say the job is perfect; it has its annoyances and downsides like any other, but overall I'm fairly pleased. I think I could happily do something like this work for a long time. 
 Given that, I've been trying to think about shaping my career. What are my short-term and long-term goals now? What are my dreams? 
 This is where things get tricky. 
 In my dream researcher/writing job, I'd be a lot more self-directed. I'd get to dig into stories more deeply, ideally extremely deeply-spending weeks or months to produce research papers or long-form journalism, or even years on a book. Right now I think I'd probably lean more towards biological or medical topics, but I can easily see that changing over time. 
 And I have a rough idea of how I could make that particular dream happen. I could leverage my education and recent experience into opportunities to do more journalistic or narrative writing, either at my current company, in another job or internship, or by [gulp] practicing pitching stories until I could convince someone to pay me for a freelance project. I could both practice and potentially attract work by writing in-depth pieces on a blog or on a site like  Medium . It wouldn't be easy and there would be networking and luck involved, but I could get there, totally. 
 Alternatively, I could see being pretty happy doing research for a company, non-profit, or government agency, and producing primarily summaries for in-house use, or whitepapers, or what have you, given the right topic/set of topics and work environment. And I can see building that sort of career by stringing together "researcher" jobs or internships. In this scenario, I think the dream 'endpoint' would be working at a non-profit involved in science, health, or education programs/policy… the Gates foundation comes to mind. 
 Where as just a few months ago, I was pretty much despairing about my career prospects, now I see a lot of opportunity. I’m starting to have some real ambition again, though my goals and plans are still more modest than they once were. 
 
 But here is the question: where does my personal writing fit into all of this? 
 I mean, I already worry about having just about ANY kind of career when googling my name brings up detailed, personal writing about my past  professional   failures ,  insecurities ,  struggles with   mental health ,  thoughts on queerness , and so on. Of course, stigma is a concern, but so is just a general desire for professional distance. Typically, coworkers at an office don’t have access to this level of intimate detail about each other. What if the fact that I write about this stuff openly on the internet makes people concerned that I’ll let personal issues inappropriately affect my work, or that I’ll be one of those people who constantly word-vomits unwanted personal information in formal or professional contexts? I am, in fact, quite aware of normal social protocols and entirely capable of establishing appropriate boundaries, but I do of course see how people could get the wrong idea. 
 In the past, I’ve always come down on the side of  defending openness   and vulnerability , and from the “what if it makes people think less of me” perspective I just discussed, that’s still basically where I am, though I do have plenty of moments of feeling panicky and exposed. But when I start thinking about the networking and “personal brand” building I’d have to do to pursue my career goals, I do worry that, just from a practical perspective, people will have a hard time getting a sense of who the fuck this Keely Chaisson person is, and what she cares about. Is she interested in mental health, or science, or politics, or random navel-gazing, or what? 
 And beyond even what other people think, there’s the problem of what the hell I want and how I choose to spend my time. Is my personal writing just a hobby, or do I want to build it into something more professional? Either way, can I realistically spare the time and mental energy necessary to maintain a personal blog while also pursuing more professional-writing-style side projects? Currently I’m really struggling to find the will to come home and write MOAR STUFF for “fun” after spending my day at work typing away, but is that a solvable problem, or not? 
 If I do have to choose, where do my priorities lie? If I could publish one book in my life, would I rather it be personal essays/memoirs or a popular science narrative? Or to go in an even crazier direction, do I still aspire to write fiction at some point? 
 I really don’t know. 
 
 I do know that I will never stop writing personal things; at the very least I’ll always journal, because it’s incredibly useful to me in just understanding myself and my thoughts. But it does take more effort to turn personal writing into a form I’m interested in sharing with the world, and I could choose to stop doing that. 
 I think if I did stop entirely, I would miss it too much, but at the moment I’m really struggling with the sense that I’m stretched way too damn thin. I have so many ideas and only time to play with so very few of them. 
 So what in the fuck do I do about all that? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __3 Comments 
 
 Hey Keelie, 
Firstly, I am so glad you are enjoying your job and getting a lot out of it. 
 
 I'm also jealous that you can see some of the ways your career and future could potentially go. Being at the awkward stage I'm at, people keep asking me that hideous question: "so what are you going to do when you finish?" Like, fucking hell guys, I just want to finish first! I don't have time or the energy to think about anything else right now! Ugh. Considering where you were last year, you've come on by miles. Possibly a thing to remember is that your ideas and plans will change again and again over the next decade at least. Leaves you trying to work out the answer to "what do I want  now ?" though. 
 As for your problem of how to balance the content-producing job with blogging in your spare time for "fun", that's tricky, and I am not the person to ask. I'd be interested to know what CA would say on the matter, or any other experienced blogger for that matter. The "branding" thing is difficult for me too - I feel like my content is very much all over the shop, and although the threads are obvious to me, they would be because it's my thoughts! I'm also very, very wary of linking my blog to me personally, partly for the reasons you mentioned but mainly because so much of what I have to say is so damn personal and I'm afraid it will harm my hiring prospects. 
 I know of people that are aiming to go into sci comms, and a blog could be great for that, except I do very little blogging of real science content, unlike you or Memetic Drift, so I dunno. Blogging about detailed science content seems too much like hard work for something I do for fun and release! I get enough of that at work, I don't want to be thinking about it at home! (Well evidenced by the fact that a post explaining my PhD is languishing in me drafts folder.) 
 I'm tempted to say many businesses still won't have caught on to blogging/social media in a more general sense - you've only got to look at the multitudes of Twitter snafu's to see that! 
 [ posted January 31, 2014 at 6:12 pm by  NessieMonster  ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/2014/01/30/career-choices-identity-and-being-many-things-at-once/#comment-1196)  Reply 
 * Heh, I don't know if being jealous of me makes much sense… it took me over a year after I found out I'd be leaving grad school to get to a) having a full-time job and b) having some vague idea of where I might kinda want to go with job stuff. Basically, I still don't really know what I'm doing, and it took me a hell of a lot of time and misery to get this far.
 
 But then, a year ago, I probably would have been jealous of me too. That in-between, awkward stage is suuuuch a pain. Hugs if you want them, and best of luck wrapping up school and figuring out what comes next. I obviously don't have a lot of answers, but if you ever need a spare sounding board in that arena, feel free to hit me up, of course. 
  posted February 3, 2014 at 10:58 am by keelyellenmarie    in reply to NessieMonster Reply 
   * I guess it does and it doesn't. I know how much of a struggle it's been for you. On the other hand you're getting there, however slowly.
 
 Thanks for the hugs, hugs are good. I've begun to realise that what I really need to do for job planning is get a clue about what different roles there are out there and for what sort of companies. The problem with all your immediate family working in the caring professions is that you have no idea what "business" is actually like. All I know is that I don't want to work in the NHS or be a social worker or teacher! I would like some monetary thanks for my work please. 🙂 
 [ posted February 3, 2014 at 4:21 pm by  NessieMonster  ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/2014/01/30/career-choices-identity-and-being-many-things-at-once/#comment-1204)  in reply to keelyellenmarie Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 __[ January 30, 2014  keelyellenmarie   career ,  on writing ,  personal writing   anxiety ,  career ,  indecisiveness ,  jobs ,  science writing ,  writing 
 Post navigation 
 __Hello Terrified fans! [more on rats and  heroin]   three fucking years. __ 
 
 Old favorites 
 
 How to keep moving forward even when your brain hates you 
 On vulnerability and courage 
 Advice on leaving graduate school 
 three fucking years 
 
 
 abuse   academia   activism   advice   anxiety   biology   blogging   bras   captainawkward   career   career plans   community building   confidence   dave ross   depression   economics   education   emotional abuse   exercise   failure   faith in humanity   feminism   friendship   grad school   health   hope   HPV   jerkbrain   job   jobs   leaving science   links   literature   love   mastering out   me   meditation   mental health   mental illness   microscopy   mindfulness   moms who drink and swear   moving   musings   NIH   non-transferrable skills   nostalgic yearning   perfectionism   personal   phd   queer   religion   research   science   science education   science funding   science writing   self-care   sensitive   sex   sex education   shame   tips   trauma   travel   tutoring   unemployment   updates   vaccines   world events   worms   writing   yoga   you should know   zenpencils 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 We defeated Prop 25, but that was just one step. Now we need real pretrial reform.   twitter.com/JusticeLANow/s…   4 weeks ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : After years of community organizing & advocacy, newly elected LA DA George Gascón took office Monday 12/7 & announced bol…  1 month ago 
 @ jennifurret  Gayyyyyy! I love it.  2 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📣📣 WE HIT TRENDING #1 IN CALIFORNIA, LA COUNTY, SAN DIEGO, SACRAMENTO, FRESNO, AND BAKERSFIELD!!! ‼️ Because our commun…  3 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📢 CALL TO ACTION for TODAY and TUESDAY OCTOBER 13th AT 8:30AM! 🔸 TODAY: Send in written comment to @ CountyOfLA   #BoardOfS …  3 months ago 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses!  Email check failed, please try again  Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy   %d bloggers like this: 
