Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Julia's Gems 
 Blogging About The Things That Make Me Smile 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 What's on My Mind 
 Posted on  October 8, 2012  by   juliasgems 
 Reply 
 I'd really like to write today. It's been a few days and I feel like I've got to put something out there, so here it goes. I apologize in advance because this is likely going to end up a rambled mess since I don't have a clear idea of what I am even writing about. Also, I just chugged a cup of coffee and my fingers are trembling as I type. 
 I guess I should just sort out what's on my mind… 
 I have now been unemployed for 10 months 
 Let that one sink in for a sec. 10 months. That’s 2 short months away from a year. Wow. And what have I accomplished? Well, aside from an  amazing  tan and starting a blog? Nothing. And for the first time in my adult life, I don’t have a plan. No “this is what’s next” or “this is what I’d like to be doing”, I haven’t got a clue. 
 When I was first laid off, I thought “Wonderful, now I can finally focus on what I really want to do with my life!” But now, I’ve come to realize that you must first know what it is that you want to be doing. Talk about a quarter life crisis people… I honestly thought that now that I didn’t have a job, I would suddenly figure out my niche in life - as if because I don’t have all the distractions of commuting and meetings and clients, it would just fall into place, right before my eyes. 
 I thought going back to school was my solution, and maybe it was, but I got spooked once my bill was due and decided not to go through with it. I’m at the point now where I feel hopelessly lost and filled with anxiety over this entire situation. I am applying for jobs that I don’t really want, but am amply qualified, if not over-qualified for, and even that is getting me nowhere. Apparently, no one wants to hire someone that’s been out of work for 10 months. It’s true; check it out  here . 
 I am lucky enough to have an amazingly supportive boyfriend, who hasn’t once made me feel inadequate or pressured about not finding a job. I’m in a very fortunate position financially as well, since I did have a good paying job for the last 4 years and not many overhead expenses I was able to save a decent amount to keep me afloat. For me, thankfully, this is only an existential crisis, but that doesn’t stop me from feeling like a complete failure. 
 
 Seriously… 
 My insomnia is back with a vengeance 
 If you’ve been reading my blog, then you know I have an issue with falling asleep (read  this , it’s good for a laugh…). And while I like catching up on late night TV, and reading, and contemplating the mysteries of the universe, I like sleep a whole lot more. I’m a more productive and well-adjusted member of society when I’ve gotten at least 6 solid hours in. The fact that my boyfriend happens to work for a reputable mattress company that’s focused on “selling sleep” is just the ironic icing on the f*ck you cake. 
 The fact that I have a sleep disorder is not the only issue. An equally annoying problem is all of the good-intentioned folks who think they can cure me by giving me the most obvious advice. Don’t get me wrong; I understand that they’re just trying to help. Besides, we’ve all done it. We just want people to feel better. Most human beings don’t find it sufficient to just say, “wow, that sucks” and call it a day. Most people, in my experience, want to kiss your boo-boo and make it all better; but let’s be real – I have had problems sleeping for almost half my life, if you think I haven’t tried just about anything to fix it you’ve got to be delusional. If I hear, “maybe you should take melatonin” or “you should try staying away from caffeine” one more time, I just might snap. 
 
 "Maybe you should just close your eyes" is another gem that makes me want to punch your lights out. 
 On the plus side, there has been a few nights I was glad to be awake during the wee hours of the morning. Like 2 weeks ago when one of my friends got in at 4:30 AM and decided to drunk-skype with me. I mean, to think I could’ve missed out on that because of  sleep ?! Ah, who am I kidding, sleep would have been fantastic (it was pretty entertaining for about 30 minutes though…). 
 When I have been sleeping, I’ve been having the craziest and realistic feeling dreams. Last night, it was that I owned a jaguar (the cat, not the car) and I was worried that if I left my door open while I slept, it would eat my face. That was the most normal dream I’ve had in a month. 
 Fortunately, I know that my sleep “issues” come in cycles, and it seems that it’s winding down. I have actually gotten a decent nights’ sleep for 6 days in a row now. For now, I’ll take that as a win, but nonetheless it’s something that has been on my mind. 
 I’m not nearly as “fit” as I’d like to be 
 This is one of those issues that I’m sure many of you out there can relate to. It’s also one of the most self-deprecating areas of my life. I am a very confident person. I know I have a fun personality, I know I’m reasonably good-looking and I know I’m relatively smart. When it comes to my body however, well, there I am just full of insecurities and self-hate. 
 I blame myself, I always have. Starting as a pre-teen, and up until I was about 19 or so I struggled with bulimia; and though that is a much longer and more complicated story than I am prepared to go into a the moment, I will say, that I still struggle with the same thoughts and feelings about my weight and body as I did then, even if I don’t go through the process of bingeing and purging. 
 I am currently the heaviest I have ever been in my life. I feel ashamed and disgusted by this fact. 
 Even though my I tend to put the full blame on myself, I know this is not entirely in my control. Right around the time I was laid off, I was diagnosed with PCOS or Polycystic Ovary Syndrome. I had never gotten a consistent period without the use of birth control, and once I went off of it, I quickly put on 15 pounds that I have been unable to lose, despite my calorie tracking and work outs. 
 I know if I really put all of my effort into my workouts and diet I can achieve success, but sometimes it’s hard to push through when I just want to give up. It’s beyond frustrating to feel like my body just won’t work with me and to know that this will likely be a life-long struggle. 
 
 The scale says, "nope" 
 So there you have it. These are the 3 things that have been plaguing my thoughts lately and steadily driving me into crisis mode. I know this wasn’t the most cheerful of posts and I’m sorry if I came off as a complaining, unmotivated, mess – but right now, that’s kind of where I’m at and I just needed to vent it out. These problems may seem insignificant to some of you, and you’re probably right – It could definitely be worse and I’m thankful that it’s not. I just have to keep one foot in front of the other and try not to get seduced by laziness to get though this. I’ll get there someday, I’m sure of it. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  bulimia ,  complaining ,  eating disorders ,  exercise ,  fat ,  health ,  healthy living ,  insomnia ,  issues ,  job ,  Life ,  passion ,  PCOS ,  problems ,  self confidence ,  sleep ,  sleep disorders ,  stress ,  struggles ,  unemployment ,  venting ,  weight ,  weight loss ,  womens issues  |   Leave a reply 
 Follow My Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 46 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 2012 in review 
 I'm getting coal for X-mas 
 Serving Up Style (Part I) 
 Just a Thought…About Muffin Tops 
 Late Night Laughs 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2013  (1) 
 December 2012  (4) 
 November 2012  (4) 
 October 2012  (5) 
 September 2012  (11) 
 
 Twitter 
 
 2012 in review   wp.me/p2IiQP-5V   8 years ago 
 I'm getting coal for X-mas  #naughtyornice    wp.me/p2IiQP-5J   8 years ago 
 Facebook been down for like an hour now..how ever will we live not knowing what other people we never see in person are doing?!!  8 years ago 
 
 Follow @Julias_Gems 
 Pinterest 
 
 Follow me on Instagram 
 
 Looking for something? 
 Search 
 Tags 
 
 Alexander McQueen 
 AX Paris 
 bar 
 bathroom 
 beer 
 blog 
 boardwalk empire 
 booties 
 Breakfast 
 Butter London 
 clothes 
 clothing 
 CÉLINE 
 decor 
 decorating 
 design 
 diet 
 dinner 
 DIY 
 entertainment 
 exercise 
 fall 
 fall fashion 
 fall lineup 2012 
 fashion 
 fat 
 first post 
 Fitness 
 Food 
 funny 
 happy 
 health 
 healthy dinner 
 healthy living 
 holiday 
 home 
 home decor 
 homegoods 
 House of Harlow 1960 
 humor 
 humour 
 insomnia 
 interior design 
 J.Crew 
 knuckle rings 
 lazy 
 leather jacket 
 Life 
 Mango 
 new blo 
 new blog 
 new flavors 
 Nordstrom 
 oversized bag 
 oversized cardigans 
 polyvore 
 procrastination 
 recipe 
 red 
 scarf 
 scarf prints 
 skinny jeans 
 sleep 
 sneakers 
 statement scarves 
 style 
 the walking dead 
 turkey meatloaf 
 tv 
 unemployment 
 weight loss 
 womens issues 
 workout 
 yummy 
 zombies 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Beauty Entertainment Exercise Fashion Food Home Decor Humor Life Recipes Uncategorized 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
