Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full Time Crew Member (Available until 3 AM) 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 While previous experience working in food service or retail as a barista, server, sales associate, cashier, team member, or customer sales representative is always helpful and appreciated, what is most important is who you are. 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected in a fast-paced environment. You understand there is no “I” in team and thrive in social situations. You’re always willing to learn and grow. You get that service isn’t a transaction, it’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. 
 We are sure that you have an idea about what working with us is like, but just in case here are some of the highlights on what your job will entail: 
 Greeting guests, taking orders and processing payments 
Preparing food and drinks 
Managing delivery and mobile orders 
Assembling orders and packaging take-out and delivery 
Keeping all surfaces clean and sanitary to ensure the safety for our guests, fellow crew members, and yourself 
This is a Full time position (40 hours/week) 
 Whether you are working in the kitchen, at the Drive-Thru, or at the front counter you are a part of a dynamic team that works together to deliver an exceptional guest experience. 
 Qualifications 
 Previous experience in the food services industry is great, but a friendly, energetic, guest focused and detail orientated employee is ideal. 
 Additional Information 
 Free Uniforms 
 Benefit Program (FT) 
 Individual Value Proposition 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
