Skip to content 
 
 Anna Goldstein 
 NYU Certified Life, Career & Confidence Coach 
 career coach new york 
 The Psychology of Success 
 Posted on  September 3, 2016  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 GROWTH VS. FIXED MINDSET 
 ` 
 Tagged  become a life coach ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life purpose ,  new york ,  new york city ,  new york life coach ,  new york life coaching ,  new york time life coach ,  ny ,  ny life coach ,  nyc Leave a comment 
 Find Your Life's Purpose 
 Posted on  August 30, 2016  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 Tagged  career coach ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life purpose ,  new york ,  new york city ,  new york life coach ,  ny ,  ny life coach ,  nyc ,  personal development Leave a comment 
 There Are Many Ways 
 Posted on  February 25, 2014  by  Anna Goldstein 
 Image Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  become a life coach ,  business coach ,  business coach new york ,  business coach new york city ,  business coach nyc ,  california ,  career coach new york ,  career coach new york city ,  career coach ny ,  carrer coach nyc ,  Confidence ,  gabrielle bernstein ,  IL ,  LA ,  life coach ,  life coaching ,  life purpose ,  new york life coach ,  new york life coaching ,  new york time life coach ,  new york times life coach ,  nj ,  ny life coach ,  personal coach ,  personal development ,  personal life coach ,  personal life coaching ,  self help ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City ,  tony robbins Leave a comment 
 How to Get Clear in Your Career - Part 2 
 Posted on  June 13, 2013June 13, 2013  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 Tagged  #lifecoachnewyork #lifecoachnyc #lifecoachnyc #careercoachny #careercoachnyc #careercoachnewyork #careercoachnewyorkcity #coach #ny #nyc ,  Anna Goldstein ,  awakening ,  career coach ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  career coaching ,  career coaching new york ,  life coach new york ,  life coach nyc ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching new york city ,  life coaching nyc ,  life purpose ,  new york ,  new york life coach ,  new york life coaching ,  new york time life coach ,  self help Leave a comment 
 How to Build Confidence 
 Posted on  April 23, 2013  by  Anna Goldstein 
 Confidence is something that you can practice by operating outside of your comfort zone—by doing that thing you don't typically do, or being open to taking chances and trying new things. When old fear arises, it's important that you are able to be aware, recognize those thoughts, and let them go. This will only allow you to take new actions more in alignment with your potential. 
 Video Tagged  career coach ,  career coach new york ,  Confidence ,  life coach ,  new york ,  new york city ,  ny ,  ny life coach ,  nyc life coach ,  self growth ,  self help ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City ,  self love ,  self-confidence Leave a comment 
 How to Get Negativity Out of Your Head 
 Posted on  October 31, 2012  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 Halloween is here and Sandy is gone! I hope all of you are safe and not too haunted - it's time to celebrate. 
 Just as we get dressed up on Halloween,  we often wear a mask to play different roles in life. We try to shield, protect and hide behind an image or idea  - also called a persona. On the one hand, it gets us through the day but on the other, we end up not listening to our true self. 
 It's easy to  get distracted by the negative voices in your head that sound like Goblins . They reprimand you and convince you you're small, limited, and can't achieve your goals.  " You're not good enough"  they whisper over your shoulder. ** "I'm afraid to fail, so I won't even try." "If only you had…, then you would be able to." "I'm not pretty enough.."** They are patterns of thoughts that cause you pain, despite your desire to make positive changes. 
 While you might convince yourself that your Goblins keep you safe by  discouraging you from trying new (and potentially hurtful) experiences, they 're doing much more harm than good. 
 So what do you do? Would you rather listen to your goblins and prove them right?  Or do you want the help & tools you need to let them go for good? 
 Don't be spooked. 
 Eckhart Tolle says: 
 " …Why does the ego play roles? 
 Because of one unexamined assumption, one fundamental error, one unconscious thought.  That thought is: I am not enough. 
 Other unconscious thoughts follow: I need to play a role in order to get what I need to be fully myself; I need to get more so that I can be more." 
 Your mind is playing tricks on you. If you're  ready to grow, you must be open and willing to get to know your mind.  Shine the light of consciousness on these negative thoughts and beliefs. 
 Your Goblin's are not who you really are! 
 Learn how to make the distinction between what your Goblin 's tell you from the TRUTH! 
 As your coach, I will help you be your BEST self! 
 By asking you questions and  challenging your own thought patterns   , we will build your confidence, improve your relationships and find fulfillment in your work.  You will see  positive transformation in your life   . 
 Once you get these Goblin's out of the way, it will help you  get crystal clear on your life 's goals . And, the more clarity you have, the faster you will  move into action. 
 If you have been  thinking about change  but haven't moved into taking action, then the voice of your Goblin's got the best of you. 
 If you're ready to take ACTION in your life,  contact me now and   Click HERE.  **** 
 Don't trick yourself,  treat yourself. 
 You are good enough! 
 Happy Halloween! 
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  career coach ,  career coach new york ,  career coaching new york ,  change your thoughts ,  Eckhart Tolle ,  halloween ,  life coach ,  life coach nyc ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching new york city ,  new york life coach ,  personal development ,  positive thinking Leave a comment 
 How to Change Your Negative Emotions 
 Posted on  February 5, 2012  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  career coaching new york ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching new york city ,  life coaching nyc ,  life purpose ,  new york life coach ,  new york life coaching ,  ny life coach ,  nyc life coach ,  oprah ,  personal development ,  personal empowerment ,  personal life coach ,  personal life coaching ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City 1 Comment 
 Trick or Treat 
 Posted on  October 31, 2011  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 It's Halloween. Put on a costume. Wear a mask. 
 Pretend to be what you're really not. Make believe you are who you wish you could be. 
 But the real question to ponder is, what disguise do you secretly wear in your daily life? 
 Psychologist, Robin Reznick, Ph.D., says: "We sometimes wear masks as our shield-to protect (and conceal) ourselves. Hiding behind our masks gets us through our day, however deceptively, because we conceal what we truly think, feel and want." 
 Masks we wear don't necessarily represent who we are, they just "mask" who we really are. 
 Our masks help us play different roles in life so that others will view us in more desirable ways - the responsible worker, the confident adult, the great lover, a trusting friend. 
 Halloween is the night where it's acceptable to present yourself as someone else. It's fun (and okay) to wear a mask. 
 But on an ordinary day, do people see you when they look at you? Or is your mask perpetually on? 
 Let's face it-everyone wears masks. But, cautions Dr. Reznick; "Don't get too attached to yours. Reveal who you really are." 
 BOO! It's Spooky. 
 But, don't be scared. Let others know who you really are. The true you has nothing to fear. 
 In your everyday life, enjoy being you. 
 But, on Halloween, enjoy the fun of dressing up and being someone else. 
 Trick or Treat. 
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  career coaching new york ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coach nyc ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching new york city ,  life coaching nyc ,  life purpose ,  ny life coach ,  personal coach ,  personal development ,  personal empowerment ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City Leave a comment 
 Pay Attention to Your Energy 
 Posted on  October 24, 2011  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 "Your emotions tell you how your energy system is functioning at each moment. They show you at which locations energy is leaving your energy system in fear and doubt and where it is leaving in love and trust. Your job is to identify where energy leaves you in fear and doubt, and change what you need to so that it leaves in love and trust. " - Gary Zukav 
 If you practice this for a week, you will become more self-aware and emotionally intelligent. When you change the way energy leaves you, it will change the vibrations you send out. You can read about the  Law of Attraction  to learn more about how your vibrations effect your results. 
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  career coaching new york ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coach nyc ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching nyc ,  life purpose ,  personal life coach ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City 1 Comment 
 Steve Jobs Quotes 
 Posted on  October 10, 2011October 10, 2011  by  Anna Goldstein 
   
 "Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." 
 "No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don’t want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life’s change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it is quite true." 
 "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." 
 "And it comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we don't get on the wrong track or try to do too much. We're always thinking about new markets we could enter, but it's only by saying no that you can concentrate on the things that are really important." 
 "Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful, that's what matters to me." 
 "I'm an optimist in the sense that I believe humans are noble and honorable, and some of them are really smart. I have a very optimistic view of individuals." 
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  become a life coach ,  career coach new york ,  career coach ny ,  career coaching new york ,  Eckhart Tolle ,  fitness new york ,  life coach ,  life coach new york ,  life coach nyc ,  life coaching ,  life coaching new york ,  life coaching new york city ,  life coaching nyc ,  life purpose ,  marie claire ,  new york city life coach ,  new york life coach ,  ny life coach ,  nyc life coach ,  nyc life coaching ,  personal coach ,  personal development ,  personal empowerment ,  personal life coach ,  self help ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City ,  steve jobs ,  steve jobs quotes Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Follow Anna on Twitter!  
 
 If anything and everything feels like a lot right now... it’s because it is.  1 week ago 
 We must be able to see darkness in order to bring light to it.  1 week ago 
 Expanding consciousness isn’t a luxury. It’s a necessity.  1 week ago 
 If 2020 taught you anything, let it be this: YOU ARE UNBREAKABLE  1 week ago 
 Rocks transform into diamonds when they are under pressure.  1 week ago 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Like Anna on Facebook! 
 
 Like Anna on Facebook! 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Anna Goldstein  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
