[ 
 Hungarian Spectrum 
 reflections on politics, economics, and culture 
 ](https://hungarianspectrum.wordpress.com/ "Hungarian Spectrum") 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Archives 
 
 Search for: 
 Two controversial Jobbik appointments: Tamás Sneider and Dóra Dúró 
 Today Jobbik finalized the composition and officers of its parliamentary delegation. The caucus consists of 23 people. Just as in the last parliament, Gábor Vona, party chairman, will be heading the group and just as before he will have five deputies. 
 Jobbik nominated Tamás Sneider to be one of the deputies to the president of the parliament, who will most likely once again be László Kövér. This nomination is very controversial and sparked a slew of objections in the last week or so. Even Bence Rétvári, undersecretary in the Ministry of Administration and Justice, remarked that perhaps Jobbik should "rethink" the nomination. Well, Jobbik thought long and hard about it and decided to stick with its candidate. 
 So, what's wrong with Tamás Sneider other than being a member of a neo-Nazi party? 
 Way back in August 2009 I wrote a post about Hungarian skinheads. There I briefly mentioned a skinhead cell in Eger. The group was infamous because, under the leadership of Tamás Sneider, known in those days as Roy, it was involved in Roma beatings on the streets of Eger. That was sometime in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Sneider later joined Jobbik and became a member of the Eger city council. 
 During his time on the council he was arrested by the police because of a family dispute. As we learned from  Magyar Nemzet,  just before the 2010 election, __ Sneider, who by then was #9 on Jobbik's party list for the 2010 election, wanted to put his parents under guardianship because, according to him, his father wanted to kill him. The parents had a different story to tell. Sneider apparently spent his share of the family fortune and further demanded the sale of their winery in Eger. When they refused, all hell broke loose and the parents sued the son. It was at this point that Sneider insisted that his parents were no longer able to be on their own due to their psychological impairment. Since then psychiatrists have determined that the parents are perfectly normal. In light of the above, it is especially ironic that as a freshman MP Sneider was deputy chairman of the parliamentary committee that dealt with, among other things, "family affairs." 
 There were rumors in the last few days that the Fidesz delegation might vote against the appointment of Sneider due to his skinhead past. But that doesn't seem likely. Today Antal Rogán, who was re-elected leader of the Fidesz delegation,  indicated  that Fidesz will not veto the nomination. "Each party must take political responsibility for its nominees. We would not like to choose among opposition nominees. There might be several nominees with whom we disagree. After all, we had a deputy president who was a party member in the old regime." 
 I would have been very surprised if Fidesz, especially before the EP election, would have instigated a political fight over a Jobbik nomination. The reality is that Jobbik did exceedingly well in the last two elections and legitimately became a parliamentary party with all the privileges and prerogatives of that position. Perhaps Vona's youth organization, so warmly supported by Viktor Orbán, should have been stopped as soon as it espoused an anti-Semitic and anti-Roma ideology. It is too late now. 
 Jobbik, just like all other parties, can send delegates to the various parliamentary committees. By law, the chairmanship of the committee on national security goes to someone delegated by one of the opposition parties. The position was held in the last four years by Zsolt Molnár of MSZP, and MSZP once again claimed the post. But this year, just as four years ago, Jobbik also wanted this important committee chairmanship. Four years ago their nominee, Gábor Staudt, didn't receive clearance. This time around their nominee was the party chairman himself, Gábor Vona. But handing over the national security chairmanship to Jobbik would have been too much even for Fidesz. Instead, it supported MSZP, saying that by custom the largest opposition party is entitled to that position. 
 Having lost the chairmanship of the committee on national security, Jobbik insisted on another important post: chairmanship of the committee on education and culture. This time Fidesz supported their claim. An outcry followed. How could Fidesz give that critically important committee to Jobbik? "Our children's future and Hungarian culture in the hands of a neo-Nazi party?" -- asked  Magyar Narancs . 
 Jobbik's nominee for the post is Dóra Duró, wife of the notorious Előd Novák, who is most likely a member of the group responsible for kuruc.info. Here are a  few choice (quasi-literate) sentences  uttered by Dóra Dúró on matters of education. "Jobbik's educational policy does not consider equality and integration as real values, but rather the fulfillment of people's mission." According to her, "from here on, the truth of educators must be unquestioned." 
 Ildikó Lendvai, former MSZP chairman,  commented on the probable appointment  of Dúró this way: "Finally there is a seal on the alliance of Fidesz and Jobbik." **** The ideological roots of the two parties are similar in many respects, and over the past four years their views on cultural matters were practically identical. Fidesz often borrowed Jobbik's ideas. For example, the removal of Mihály Károlyi's statue was originally a Jobbik demand. The idea of resurrecting the Horthy regime also came from Jobbik. It was the extreme right that wanted to include Albert Wass and József Nyirő in the curriculum. And Jobbik was the first to propose the nationalization of schools, segregated schools, and the centralization of textbooks. 
 
 Dóra Dúró and her infamous laptop: "The nation lives in the womb" 
 As for Dóra Dúró. The Dúró-Novák duo's motto is "Be fruitful and multiply!" She is only 27 years old but is pregnant with their third child. I read somewhere that she considers four children to be the minimum for a patriotic Hungarian family. Producing children seems to be a very important, if not the most important duty of a Hungarian woman. See the picture on the cover of her laptop: "The nation lives in the womb." 
 She, like her husband, is a rabid anti-Semite. About a week ago a journalist asked Novák why the couple doesn't take part in events remembering the Holocaust. His answer was: "We remember only genocides that actually happened." Denial of the Holocaust is now a crime in Hungary, but as far as I know nothing happened to Előd Novák. Except that his like-minded wife will be chairing the parliamentary committee on education and culture. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Hungarian politics ,  Hungary  and tagged  Antal Rogán ,  culture ,  Dóra Dúró ,  Education ,  Eger ,  Előd Novák ,  Ildikó Lendvai ,  Jobbik ,  national security ,  Tamás Sneider  on  May 5, 2014  by  Eva S. Balogh .  42 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- How can the American black locust become a "Hungaricum"? Just ask Fidesz 
 The opening session of the new Hungarian parliament -> 
 42 comments 
 
 Rollo  says: 
 
 May 5, 2014 at 10:21 pm 
 Slowly but surely Jobbik is becoming mainstream in every way -- not their ideology, of course, but who care about that, voting was never about that. 
 For Fidesz it is and forever will be the war against the communists that counts. They will pound on the communists even when there will be no left wing at all. 
 Fidesz is confident that it can control Jobbik and its voters if need be, so they (Fidesz and Jobik) will together kill and divide the left wing in the coming months and years. 
 I think the left wing will disappear in a couple of month. 
 Think about it: all news is about Fidesz's "achievements" or about the Jobbik juggernaut as it is the process of getting even more popular. 
 The smaller and smaller lefty parties do not appear in the news, only with the 'news' that, hah, you just lost the general/EU/municipal elections, you are totally irrelevant, guys, what do you think about that, will the leader go or not, is there a future for the left at all, what do you think? It is self-fulfilling. 
 Jobbik will be very popular, I think somewhere between 30-40% range by year end. Fidesz will retain its 45-50% lead and the left will - in aggregate - have some 15% (ie. 10% to 2%). 
 Game over for the left. Welcome the new reality: Jobbik is cool, young, energetic. 
 The Russians are smart they know how to invest money. They bet not on MSZP or Együtt or LMP, but on Jobbik. They have won, just as they have outsmarted the West in Syrian and Ukraine too. 
 
 HiBoM  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 2:12 am 
 I don't see any real evidence that the Russians have financed Jobbik. Its recent election success came off the back of a modest but effective campaign and I think you are sticking your head in the sand if you try to ascribe this to Russian money. Jobbik are a democratically elected party (in a fairer system, they would have more MPs) and the electorate want people like Duro and Sneider to represent them in parliament. The only recommended course of action is to move away from the electorate and live somewhere else, which is what I have done. 
 
 tappanch  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 2:34 am 
 This just dawned on me. 
 Th real deadline for the "German occupation monument" is the Saturday inauguration of Orban's third premiership. 
 So the Nazi eagle sculpture should be properly called "Orban occupation monument" 
 
 HamsterDance  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 3:45 am 
 HiBOM: 
 I find your faux-naivité a bit amusing, but the Russian financial support for Jobbik has been explicitly mentioned a number of times already in Fidesz-related media also mentioning not too subtly that Fidesz is constantly monitoring Jobbik's finances. 
 I am also sure knowing how Fidesz operates that they have some people within Jobbik whom they can use as sources, especially as the two parties work together in the provincial municipalities and Jobbik's financial head until recently, how surprising, is a neighbor of Antal Rogán in the Pasha Park gated community. 
 Believe me, it is not a too complicated process to check the account movements for Jobbik and related entities constantly. It takes 5 minutes to write a program that collects the account movements let's say on a weekly basis, based on the data the National Bank has. I would ever mention that the NSA monitors all international financial data as we know from Snowden, so the Americans also probably figured the Russian and Iranian and Turkish connections about which Népszabadság wrote a couple of days ago. 
 Money does not grow on trees and Jobbik could not really participate in the EU fund stealing schemes until now (although they will after the fall municipal elections in which they will take over many municipalities), but somehow they managed to maintain a huge party and media infrastructure and spend fortunes on the campaign. Even with a tight management the numbers just don't add up. 
 Anne Applebaum whose husband is the sitting Polish foreign minister and as such who is probably privy to intelligence reports on Russia's covert activities in Europe also clearly stated that Russia is supporting Jobbik (as well as other anti-EU organizations all over Europe) in various interviews she gave a couple of weeks ago when her book was published in Hungary. 
 Of course the moment Fidesz raises the issue openly, Russia finds quickly something with which to hurt Fidesz, like leaking the very unfavorable (to Hungary) terms of the Paks-loan, so this is a kind of open-secret rather than a real focus. And Hungarian journalists just don't dare to go near Jobbik as they are afraid that their names/address will be put on kurucinfo and some crazy extremist thug will beat them (under a favorable scenario). 
 Jobbik does have a huge grass-roots support all over Hungary, its huge influence is for real. It is still in the growth-phase and should not be underestimated. No question about that. 
 But how Jobbik as a party operates and maintains its presence and image is another question. There Russia is probably pretty helpful. 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 6:18 am 
 Tappanch: "This just dawned on me. 
Th real deadline for the “German occupation monument” is the Saturday inauguration of Orban’s third premiership. 
So the Nazi eagle sculpture should be properly called “Orban occupation monument”" 
 And it is also his birthday. 
 
 Witness of Horror  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 7:23 am 
 This is the recycled oppression. 
This time, the enemy breached Hungary from the right. 
The fingerprints of the Russian and Iranian empires are all over the fidesz/jobbik allies. 
The axis of evil is at work. 
 
 petofi  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 7:31 am 
 "And it is also his birthday." 
 Imagine being gifted a country, trussed up like a pig on a porky plate by the brain-dead Hungarios of Hungaricum. 
 
 petofi  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 7:40 am 
 But err not: the brains and the enabler behind all is Russia… 
 
 Johnny Boy  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 8:01 am 
 The "left-liberal" side in Hungary has been living off the ignorance and negligence of the public for 24 years. They (unfortunately) can be part of today's politics only because the public doesn't care about their dictatoric and Communist past. 
Now the same is happening to Jobbik. The public couldn't care less about a few of their dotted past. I wonder why you pretend to be so outraged? 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 8:55 am 
 Johnny Boy 
May 6, 2014 at 8:01 am 
The “left-liberal” side in Hungary has been living off the ignorance and negligence of the public for 24 years. They (unfortunately) can be part of today’s politics only because the public doesn’t care about their dictatoric and Communist past. 
Now the same is happening to Jobbik. The public couldn’t care less about a few of their dotted past. I wonder why you pretend to be so outraged? 
 
 We do not pretend. We are outraged! Only Fidesz and their supporters are not, as they themselves try to cover up their murky past. 
Do not forget it is only the Fidesz that opposes to open up the files identifying collaborators of the communists regime in Hungary. It seems they have the most to loose. I am sure it is just a coincidence that Fidesz has the most ex-communist party members….. 
So, who are those Fidesz supporters really support? LOL 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 9:29 am 
 Coincidentally in the new parliament's first five new bill contains one tom the LMP (not form Fidesz) about the "opening up the state security files". THis would of course cause the names of these to be published who coopered as informers on their fellow Hungarians under the "communist regime". This was suggested many times by all parties but Fidesz. 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 9:55 am 
 Fidesz and the security files. They have their reasons. Why do you think Orbán named Kövér minister without portfolio in charge of the files? That was in 1998 but perhaps they are afraid that they haven't managed to get all traces of their activities removed. 
 
 Tyrker  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 11:45 am 
 Apparently, MSZP's candidate for the presidency of the council on national security  also  used to hang out with skinheads in his "younger and more vulnerable years:" 
 http://hvg.hu/velemeny.nyuzsog/20140506_Esetleg_olyan_kozeg 
 Interesting, isn't it? 
 
 petofi  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 11:57 am 
 security files… 
 Keeping them closed protects more than Fidesz…how about the church? 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 12:44 pm 
 Re Tyker, not interesting at all because it is not true. 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 12:45 pm 
 Pwtofi: security files… 
Keeping them closed protects more than Fidesz…how about the church? 
 The church too, but I the feeling that for the Fidesz leaders their own skin is much more important. 
 
 Eva's files  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 12:47 pm 
 "Fidesz and the security files. They have their reasons. Why do you think Orbán named Kövér minister without portfolio in charge of the files? That was in 1998 but perhaps they are afraid that they haven’t managed to get all traces of their activities removed." 
 I would just love to see your files, Eva. Because you know, you certainly haven't "manage to get all traces of your activities removed" from even the public places. I have personally read newspaper articles that discuss your connection to various agencies. C'mon, say it ain't so it will be funny. 
 
 remove all skinheads  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 1:20 pm 
 We have to fight to remove all skinheads from places of power in the Hungarian parliament. All democrats must agree on this. Unfortunately the Jobbik guy is not the only skinhead in an important position. Zsolt Molnar the MSZP leader of the national security committee was also a skinhead. In 1992 he took part in the skinhead protest that shouted down Goncz the president at the time. After the protest he went to the headquarters of the television where he shouted with the crowd, demanding the resignation of Elemer Hankiss the leftist leader of the TV. There is even video evidence of this so it will be hard to deny. 
 
 Tibor  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 2:48 pm 
 First I thought that the news about MSZP was an idiotic nonsense or deliberate smear. But HVG writes that Molnar was indeed a skinhead 
 "A fényképek között pedig, ni csak, látható olyan, amelyik Molnár Zsoltra nagyban emlékeztető szkinhedet ábrázol. Az újság megkeresésére Molnár annyit mondott, hogy az 1990-es évek elején jelen volt több futballmeccsen, illetve közéleti tüntetésen is, ahol „esetleg olyan közeg lehetett”, ahol szkinhedek állnak mellette." 
 http://hvg.hu/velemeny.nyuzsog/20140506_Esetleg_olyan_kozeg 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 3:52 pm 
 Re Ribor, I would be careful here. I think this article was written by András Hont. I don't think he is a reliable source. 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 4:07 pm 
 Eva's files
May 6, 2014 at 12:47 pm
I would just love to see your files, Eva. Because you know, you certainly haven’t “manage to get all traces of your activities removed” from even the public places. I have personally read newspaper articles that discuss your connection to various agencies. C’mon, say it ain’t so it will be funny. 
 I am sorry. DId I miss that Eva was elected into the Parliament? Is she sitting in for Fidesz, Jobbik or DK? How did I miss that info. Oh, maybe you meant that Eva run on the last election? hmmm I missed that too. Maybe you meant the time Eva lived in Hungary since Orban, Kover Csurka and the others were supporting the Communist Party? No, that can;t be, as she did not live in Hungary at the time. Help me out here! 
OR you are a shill. That's it! 
 
 tappanch  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 4:43 pm 
 The Department of Fidesz Buddies gave out 7 new casino permits today. Five went to Andy Vajna, who is the Movie Authority, appointed by Orban, and two went to a pal of Fidesz vice chairman Kosa. 
 This is further proof of the shameless nature of the Fidesz regime. 
 http://444.hu/2014/05/06/galans-ajandekunk-andy-vajnanak/ 
 
 muttdamon  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 4:53 pm 
 The Department of Fidesz Buddies gave out 7 new casino permits today. Five went to Andy Vajna, who is the Movie Authority, appointed by Orban, and two went to a pal of Fidesz vice chairman Kosa. 
 The concession fees and tax revenue is more than 5 Bn HUF each year. 500 million to 1 Bn HUF per casino. Do you remember the Sukoro case? When the Fidesz blocked the Jewish businessman from buying the land and build a casino in Sukoro and wanted Gyurcsany's blood for the land deal when the price difference in the land swap was a one time measly few hundred million HUF? If I remember well the Sukoro concession fee would have been 800 million a year. Plus the 4000 jobs and the tourism revenue. Thank you Fidesz! 
 Just something to remember about Gyurcsany. 
 
 Jean P  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 5:00 pm 
 OT Andras Kallay-Saunders (Hungary) qualified for the final in Eurovision Song Contest 
 
 tappanch  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 5:02 pm 
 @muttdamon 
 If I remember well, the concession fee can be subtracted from the income tax by a recent amendment. 
 
 wolfi  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 5:02 pm 
 A bit OT but interesting/depressing: 
 http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2014/05/05/half-of-young-hungarians-open-to-leaving-country/ 
"About half of Hungarians aged between 20 and 35 would move abroad to never come back if the opportunity came and 44% of them would like to work abroad in the next five to 10 years, a poll published Monday said." 
 And also interesting: 
 "The younger and the less educated, the more willing the Hungarian youth is to move abroad for good, the data showed. Nearly 60% of those aged between 20 and 24 and over half of those with no high-school diploma would leave the country and not look back, while “only” 45% of those aged between 30 and 35, and 35% of those with a university degree within the 20- to 35-year age group would emigrate, the poll said." 
 
 Johnny Boy  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 5:15 pm 
 Re: "Eva's files", 
Eva is one of those fake dissidents who were sent out by the Communist secret state agency to monitor and report on real dissidents. She was a link in the chain, and she still fights like the last Japanese soldier on the island 20 years after the war has been lost. 
 
 Kirsten  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 5:21 pm 
 Wolfi, and we should still believe that the youth are only Jobbik/Fidesz followers? Apparently even if they repeat this Hungarianist book of myths and tales, there is still the parallel, probably little related "script" also that is quite practical and knows that this turul-land offers no future. This practical approach should of course be exploited when confronting Fidesz but an open question to me is that when asked about what they want, how to make people consider these practical issues as the relevant ones and not to start rattle off the book of myths. 
 
 tappanch  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 6:00 pm 
 It is very, very lucrative to get a casino license from Fidesz. 
 The tax is only 10% of the part of the net profit over 10 billion forints (30 million euros) plus 10 million euros a year minus the license or concession fee. 
 So there is no concession fee in practice. 
 
 Eva S. Balogh  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 6:09 pm 
 Well, Johnny Boy, take a look at pp. 558-563 of Diák- és ifjúsági mozgalmak 1956-1958. You will find that exactly the opposite is true. Moreover, Johnny Boy, you realize I hope, that in order to accuse people of such deeds one needs proof. And surely, you don't have any because it does not exist. 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 6, 2014 at 6:14 pm 
 Johnny Boy 
May 6, 2014 at 5:15 pm 
Re: “Eva’s files”, 
Eva is one of those fake dissidents who were sent out by the Communist secret state agency to monitor and report on real dissidents. She was a link in the chain, and she still fights like the last Japanese soldier on the island 20 years after the war has been lost. 
 __ 
 OR Johnny Boy after loosing every argument on the blog on supporting the Fidesz government desperately tries to attack Eva. As usual there is 0 proof. I believe Eva posted several comments wondering why those informant files are still secret. On the other hand Orban and his gang desperately trie to make sure that those files will not be released. Maybe Eva is actually working for Fidesz! That must be it. Eva is the secret agent of Orban, and Johnny Boy pretends to attack her, just to keep us in the dark. Of course Eva will be as rich from the scheme as Simicska, Orban, Rogan or Andy Vajna. 
Eva, I want to support Orban too. I actually work for Johnny Boy, and only prove him wrong, so we can confuse everyone. 
 
 Johnny Boy  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 8:54 am 
 Some1, I never lost any arguments here because you don't even qualify for a debate. Moreover, my factual knowledge so far surpasses that of any of you that we are in completely different leagues. 
The best proof for this is that you can practically never give a genuine response to any of my arguments, all that remains for you is ad hominem attacks which you pull against me every time, immediately. 
As for Eva: I have my connections to a few people from Fidesz whom I've asked who her is. And they know. They don't really care however, as this blog is way under the radar in terms of infuence. In case it reached a potential where it'd really hurt Hungary, as it wants, Fidesz would take it seriously. But I can't see that happening. 
 
 wolfi  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 9:20 am 
 @Johnny Boy: 
 Apart from your really bad English it's strange that you spend so much time on a blog that is "under the radar" - well, if it amuses you … 
 You can be sure that your famous kindergarten logic never cease to amuse me - and probably most people here! 
 Your dark hints re the people you know (sounds like the times of Stalin/Rakosi btw - but you're too stupid even to realise that …) are especially funny - on the other hand you show why many commenters here prefer to stay anonymous, at least those who live in Hungary. 
 
 wolfi  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 9:38 am 
 Not too much OT: 
 In case you haven't seen it yet, here's an article by Kim Scheppele (in Hungarian, translated by Horváth Júlia) on Galamus: 
 http://www.galamuscsoport.hu/tartalom/cikk/378970_scheppele_az_eu_eljarasai_magyarorszag_ellen_2 .?fb_action_ids=10152108688611238&fb_action_types=og.likes 
 
 GW  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 11:40 am 
 Johnny Boy, if Eva and her blog were truly "under the radar:, they'd hardly be going full press with the online campaign of fact-free denunciation against her that you are a part of. If she was truly harmless, she'd be ignored, but she is speaking truth to power and cannot be ignored. 
 
 Johnny Boy  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 1:35 pm 
 Wolfi, it is a very primitive "argument" to pick at someone's English. But then again, what could I expect from a left-lib whose only instrument is malignancy? 
My English is not bad, it is in fact excellent for someone who speaks English as a second language, having never lived in an English speaking environment. 
And you are wrong in every aspect - I do not spend "so much time" here, I just pop up occasionally to check out the latest slander. 
Come back if you have something factual to say, because all you do here is ad hominem attacks. 
 GW, you apparently have absolutely no idea what is being ignored and what is not. Trust me, if this extremist echo chamber, sometimes called a blog for some unknown reason, were not harmless, you'd see some reaction to it. But you do not. You never see any respectable sources or actors referring to this place - because the world simply does not care. 
 I comment here from time to time as an amusement. You are always trolling me as if I were paid for doing it, clearly because you simply cannot imagine any other motivation - because that is your own way of thinking. 
 
 GW  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 1:53 pm 
 Johnny Boy, why do you hate Hungary and the Hungarian people so much that you are not willing to enter into a discussion based on facts but rather stoop to innuendos, lies, and character assassination? The questions discussed here with regard to the quality and security of Hungarian lives are much too important to sink to that level. 
 
 Johnny Boy  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 3:26 pm 
 GW: no need for pretending, it is impossible to enter into any fact-based discussion with you. 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 4:22 pm 
 Johnny Boy 
May 7, 2014 at 8:54 am 
Some1, I never lost any arguments here because you don’t even qualify for a debate. Moreover, my factual knowledge so far surpasses that of any of you that we are in completely different leagues. 
 
 There you have it, how can I "debate you" when you debating that you are debating. 
Did you just loose this debate too? 
 We are still waiting on many subjects on your factual knowledge too. 
 
 drotto  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 4:37 pm 
 The Johnnys feel well if the truth and freedom die. 
Fathers after fathers lied, and the result is Hungary, Ukraine, or Russia. 
 
 Some1  says: 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 4:40 pm 
 So, according to Johnny Boy: 
 Eva: is a fake.. 
Some1: does not worth a debate because she does not provide facts. (In fact I always do with proper links to proper facts.) 
wolfi: is left-lib who is malignant (says the person who called wolfi "an idiot", and Hungarian voters from certain districts lowlifes) 
GW: is pretender 
Hungarianspectrum flies under the radar 
 It just makes me wonder what is JB here at the first place. We are having conversations here, so why interfere at all wham everyone here is such worthless, if there are no facts, if the blog flies under the radar? I don't get it. 
 
 Pingback:  Cristianos Gays » La extrema derecha homófoba toma posiciones en el parlamento húngaro 
 
 Comments are closed. 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,581 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Comments 
 
 googly on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Turulpörkölt on  The Putin visit a day after 
 googly on  Recent Hungarian by-elections 
 googly on  American rapprochement with Viktor Orbán's Hungary? 
 googly on  American rapprochement with Viktor Orbán's Hungary? 
 Eva S. Balogh  on  The Putin visit a day after 
 wolfi on  The Putin visit a day after 
 wolfi on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Eva S. Balogh  on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Clubber on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Ladislaus on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Demos on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Gáspi on  The Putin visit a day after 
 Mike Balint on  American rapprochement with Viktor Orbán's Hungary? 
 Webber on  Recent Hungarian by-elections 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 2,214,045 hits 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 We've moved: Our new site is hungarianspectrum.org 
 The Putin visit a day after 
 Vladimir Putin in Budapest 
 Recent Hungarian by-elections 
 American rapprochement with Viktor Orbán's Hungary? 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Budapest Beacon  An excellent English-language internet paper 
 Budapest Business Journal  Concentrates on business, finances, and economics 
 Budapest Telegraph  A good all-around newspaper 
 Free Hungary  An English-language site of the Demokratikus Koalíció (DK) 
 Hungarian Free Press  A new English-language news portal from Canada 
 Pester Lloyd  Leading German-language newspaper 
 Politics.hu  Up-to-date political news in English 
 Portfolio  English language economic and financial news on Hungary 
 Pusztaranger: Neues aus Ungarn  The foremost German language blog on Hungary 
 Xpatloop News  English language news for expats living in Hungary 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007  September 2007  August 2007  July 2007  June 2007 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
