Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 3 Out of the Box Work from Home Jobs No One Else Is Trying 
 __ Feb 23 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 Working from home is  more popular than ever . But many of the telecommuting positions being offered revolve around blogging, customer service, or web design. 
 If you want to work remotely but don’t have the skills required for these jobs, what do you do? Here are 3 unconventional work from home jobs that might be exactly what you’re looking for. 
 1. Online Therapy 
 Mental health awareness is at an all-time high in the United States. More and more people are seeking therapy as a treatment for various mental ailments, but cost is often a barrier to entry for entire populations of people. 
 Therapy can be very expensive and often requires insurance. Luckily, there are online therapy services available for people to use 24 hours a day. 
 As an online therapist, you would be helping people work through their emotional distress via instant message, over the phone, or through a video call. It can be a stressful job, but an extremely rewarding one. 
 You are also compensated fairly well and generally get to set your own working hours. Most companies require a proof of certification from their employees. 
 2. Activist 
 When you think of an activist, you don’t often picture someone sitting at their computer. But that’s where some of the most meaningful work gets done! 
 As a remote activist, you will be responsible for drafting communications to politicians and public figures. You may even be asked to speak on behalf of a special interest group or non-profit. 
 It’s very likely that your daily tasks will vary depending on what your organization needs. Many activist organizations are hiring for social media managers, fundraisers, and more. 
 If you feel like you want to be more politically active, this is one of the work from home jobs that can accomplish this for you. 
 3. Consulting 
 Consulting is an extremely broad field, so there are a wide range of consulting jobs available online. What do you specialize in? 
 If you’re a marketing guru, consider offering your services to small businesses in your area. You may have to make the occasional in-person visits, but most of your communication can be done remotely. 
 If you’re a former business executive or CEO, you might be able to find work in  business coaching . There are plenty of companies that can benefit from an experienced professional guiding them through the entrepreneurial process. 
 Get Creative for Work From Home Jobs 
 If you’re having a hard time finding jobs you can do from home, get creative! Do you have any goods or services that you can provide exceptionally well? Make a website and  start your own business! 
 There is a remote job available in every field if you are willing to look hard enough. These are just a few under-the radar positions that are open online right now. Because these job opportunities are not well known, you might have a good chance of getting hired if you apply! 
 For more information on finding the best work from home jobs online, please  contact us! 
 Posted in  Career ,  Guides ,  Money 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
