Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Associate - Sales Floor 
 Lowe's 
 __Brantford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The primary function of the Customer Service Associate (CSA) is to assist customers with all of their shopping needs. This includes assisting customers in the selection, demonstration, preparation and loading of merchandise. The CSA is required 
to respond to customer inquiries and support them throughout their shopping experience including promoting customer 
loyalty plans and/or extended protection/replacement plans where appropriate. The CSA is also responsible for maintaining a safe and secure work environment by conducting daily safety reviews, noting hazards, keeping store areas clean and organized, and monitoring for potential theft or security risks. Lastly, the CSA is responsible for completing all other duties as assigned.Requires morning, afternoon, and evening availability any day of the week. Required to work a schedule as determined by sales, customer, and business needs, but may be changed by store management based on the needs of the store. 
Requests to be scheduled off for a specific day require advanced notification and approval by supervisor. 
 Hourly Full Time, Part Time or Seasonal:  Generally scheduled 40, 24 to 30, or 0 to 40 hours per week respectively; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store. This position reports to a Department Manager and does not have direct reports. 
 Job Requirements 
 Minimum Qualifications 
6 months experience using a computer, including inputting, accessing, modifying, or outputting information. 
 AND 
 6 months experience using a handheld device (e.g., mobile phone, LRT gun, palm pilot, tablet, iPod) to enter, access, and output information. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Degree in Business, Retail Management, Specialty related to department (e.g., design, appliances) or related field OR Certification in trade related to department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden). 
1 year retail experience identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits. 
1 year retail experience providing customer service, including identifying and resolving customer issues, assisting customers in locating product, greeting customers, answering phones, building relationships with customers, and thanking customers for their business. 
1 year retail merchandising experience, including performing Zone Recovery, stocking, downstocking, facing/fronting product, pricing, maintaining signage, and housekeeping. 
1 year retail experience in related department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden). 
1 year experience in a customer service position at other home improvement or hardware retailer in related department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden). 
1 year experience working in any department at a Lowe's retail store. 
Lifts up to 25 pounds without assistance; may lift up to 40 pounds with or without assistance. 
The Customer Service Associate - Sales Floor may be required to perform job activities, with appropriate intermittent relief where applicable, under difficult work conditions such as in extreme cold, heat, inclement weather, at heights, while exposed to constant/intermittent sounds (if applicable). 
Lowe’s Canada is an inclusive employer. If selected for an interview, please advise our Human Resources team if you require accommodation during the interview and assessment process and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs. 
 Work Conditions 
 This is a CASUAL position in the PAINT department 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
