Free 5-week Recovery Roadmap Course 
  Start Now  
   
 MENUMENU 
 
 Medically Assisted Treatment 
 
 
   *         * [Opioid Help](/opioids/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Suboxone 
 Naltrexone 
   *         * [Alcohol Help](/alcohol/)
 
 Naltrexone 
 Acamprosate 
   *         * Recover from home with medically assisted treatment
 
 See the science 
 
 Online Therapy 
 
 
   *         * [Substances](/online-therapy/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Drinking 
 Smoking 
 Drugs 
   *         * [Behaviors](/online-therapy/)
 
 Gambling 
 Chronic Pain 
 Disordered Eating 
 Sex and Porn 
   *         * Treat your addiction with the help of a specialized Counselor
 
 Available Nationwide 
 
 Locations 
 
 
   *         * [Alaska](/locations/alaska/)
 
 
 
 
 
 California 
 Bakersfield 
 Lafayette 
 Michigan 
 Ann Arbor 
   *         * [New Jersey](/locations/new-jersey/)
 
 Hamilton 
 Ohio 
 Holland 
 Washington 
   *         * Clinical treatment in select states, counseling available nationwide
 
 Our Locations 
 
 Health Guides 
 
  Log In     Sign Up  
 Addiction At Work: You Don't Have To Be Jobless To Hit Rock Bottom 
 
  Olivia Pennelle   
 September 12, 2017 
 
 Fact Checked and Peer Reviewed 
 
 
 Topics:   Workplace 
 
 
 Tags:   drugs ,  rock bottom 
 
 
 __ Share on facebook 
 __ Share on twitter 
 __ Share on linkedin 
 We are hiding our addictions while maintaining a job and life’s other commitments. I know because I did this. 
 The stereotype of an addict—a homeless man living on the street—is wholly outdated and inaccurate. Today, addiction is rife in the workplace as much as it is on the streets—it is easy to hide and is going on around you without you even knowing it. 
 My experience, and  addiction  statistics, challenge that stereotype. Today, women are increasingly becoming addicted to drugs and alcohol. But, because of our multi-tasking nature, we are hiding our addictions while maintaining a job and life’s other commitments. I know this because I did and I have seen it over-and-over again. 
 Just over five and a half years ago, I was rapidly declining toward  my rock bottom . My life had become work—when I managed to get there—and using. I was chronically sick. I suffered with acute depression and crippling migraines. Yet, I couldn’t stop using. I felt like I was on a merry-go-round: work, use, work, use. Repeat. 
 My life, or semblance of one, had reduced to a pattern of self-harm and harm to those around me because of my behavior. Stuck in this cycle, and with such dire depression, I wanted to die. I would look at my colleagues who had successful jobs, a wonderful partner, a prospective marriage, impending babies—all the signs of happily living a fulfilling life—and compare them to my lonely existence. I had removed all friends, family, and anyone else who got in the way of me using. 
 To some extent, I was what they call a ‘functioning’ addict. I did my job, I regularly received commendations for my work, and I kept up appearances. For some time, I kept up appearances in my home life too. Until it became too much to manage. Then I just kept up the work façade—well, as much as I could. Toward the end of my addiction, I was hiding my addiction to opiates and  alcohol . Most days I would be punctuated by arriving home and drowning the day—and my misery—in several bottles of wine. I’ll just have one bottle tonight. Was the record of my life. On repeat. 
 
 “Toward the end of my addiction, I was hiding my addiction to opiates and alcohol.” 
 
 It was never one. It was two, three, four. At weekends it was more—I lost count. 
 Slowly, my physical and mental health deteriorated to worrying levels: I suffered with repeated migraines and such severe depression that I would have weeks and months off work. My liver was starting to scar, I had gained 150 pounds, and I struggled to get around. While my mental illnesses of depression and anxiety precipitated my addiction, I was stuck in a pattern of self-medication that had begun as young as 12 years old. I had no idea of that pattern, but it was the only thing I knew. Feel awful: drink and use to feel better (temporarily). 
 Except, toward the end, I rarely did feel better. By that point the scales had tipped from self-medicating to obliteration. I didn’t want to be in this life. I hated it and I despised myself. I was so desperately lonely, but I didn’t know how to connect. I wanted to be held, but I only wanted the comfort of drugs and alcohol. I was totally lost. 
 
 “By that point the scales had tipped from self-medicating to obliteration.” 
 
 That was my life, since I began full-time work at 21 years old, until the age of 32. 
 All my employers saw was sickness and my defensiveness when challenged about it. There is no denying that I was terribly sick, but in more ways than one: I was also an addict. This is a cunning disease; while I knew I drank a lot, and popped one too many pills, I didn’t realize I had a problem. I wasn’t using in work, I did my job well, but I wasn’t able to see the disaster that my life had become. I ignored concerns from friends and family. I existed in my little apartment of denial. 
 I am so grateful that I left that job. After another weekend of obliteration something changed: I couldn’t go on. I was faced with two choices of either suicide, or getting help. I got help. I finally saw the totality of the destruction that addiction had caused throughout my life. 
 I am one of the lucky ones. Not everyone is either able to see or face up to their problems and they end up losing their life. We can help. Look for signs of someone struggling, reach out a hand of support, look up resources for people stuck in addiction both in terms of how to support them and what to look out for. It isn’t always as obvious as the guy on the street. 
 Olivia Pennelle  is a writer, journalist, and recovery activist. Her work has appeared in STAT News, Insider, Filter Magazine, Ravishly, The Temper, and Shondaland. She is the founder of popular site Liv’s Recovery Kitchen. She lives near Portland, Oregon. Follow her on  Facebook ,  Instagram , and  Twitter 
  Ready to start your road to recovery?  Get Started   
 Get more advice, tips, and tricks by subscribing to our weekly newsletter. 
 Email 
 Subscribe 
   
 
 For Friends And Family 
 
 Resources for Getting Help When Dealing With Domestic Violence 
 
 By Elizabeth Brico 
 
   
 
 Sobriety Tips and Tools ,  Stories Of Recovery 
 
 Boundaries Are the Gift That Keeps on Giving 
 
 By Sean Paul Mahoney 
 
   
 
 Stories Of Recovery 
 
 Sober in the City: Yoga is Not a Cure-All, But It Helps 
 
 By Tawny Lara 
 
   
 
 
 GET ADDICTION HELP 
 
 
 Download the Workit Health App 
 
 
 QUIT OPIOIDS 
 
 
 Opioid Withdrawal Help 
 
 
 Suboxone Basics 
 
 
 Online Suboxone Doctors 
 
 
 MODERATE (OR QUIT) DRINKING 
 
 
 How To Quit Drinking 
 
 
 The Sinclair Method 
 
 
 ABOUT WORKIT HEALTH 
 
 
 Our Mission 
 
 
 Our Team 
 
 
 Workit Foundation 
 
 
 Press and Awards 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Workit FAQ 
 
 
 FOR PARTNERS 
 
 
 Health Plans 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 
 Make a Referral 
 
 
 CURRENT MEMBERS 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 MORE SOBRIETY RESOURCES 
 
 
 Telemedicine Addiction Treatment 
 
 
 Online Recovery Groups 
 
 
 Get Family Support 
 
 
 Find More Addiction Resources 
 
 
 Premera Members 
 
 
 Aetna Members 
 
 
 Horizon BCBSNJ Members 
 
 
               
 (C) 2021 Workit Health. All rights reserved. 
 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy Policy 
 HIPAA Notice 
 
               
 Workit Clinic Locations 
 Bakersfield, CA 
 2001 F St, Ste 102 
 Bakersfield, CA 93301 
telephone: [(661) 843-6121](tel: 661-843-6121) 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Lafayette, CA 
 911 Moraga Rd, Ste 200 
 Lafayette, CA 94549 
telephone:  (925) 395-4255 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 3300 Washtenaw Ave 
Ste 280 
 Ann Arbor, MI 48104 
telephone:  (734) 329-5419 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Hamilton, NJ 
 1544 Kuser Rd, Ste C9 
 Hamilton, NJ 08619 
telephone: [(609) 552-0179](tel: 609-552-0179) 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Alaska 
telephone:  (907) 268-2327 
fax (HIPAA): (855) 716-4494 
 Washington 
telephone:  (360) 436-6594 
fax (HIPAA): (855) 716-4494 
 Recovery is different for everyone. 
 Sign up for our free 5-week email course to learn more about which recovery option is right for you. 
 Name 
 Email 
 Send 
 __ Menu 
 
 Medically Assisted Treatment 
 
 Opioid Help 
 
 Suboxone 
 Naltrexone 
 
 
 Alcohol Help 
 
 Naltrexone 
 Acamprosate 
 
 
 
 
 Addiction Services 
 
 Substances 
 
 Drinking 
 Smoking 
 Drugs 
 
 
 Behaviors 
 
 Gambling 
 Chronic Pain 
 Disordered Eating 
 Sex and Porn 
 
 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Ann Arbor 
 
 
 California 
 
 Lafayette 
 Bakersfield 
 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Hamilton 
 
 
 Washington 
 Alaska 
 Ohio 
 
 Holland 
 
 
 
 
 Health Guides 
 Log In 
 Sign Up 
 
