ALTA Blog 
 literary translation news and updates 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 Category Archives: Job Opportunities 
 <- Older posts 
 ALTA is hiring! 
 Posted on  April 1, 2019  by  rcldaum 
 The American Literary Translators Association, an affiliate of the College of Humanities at the University of Arizona, is excited to open up applications for the position of secretary in our Tucson, AZ office. The selected candidate will perform various administrative …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Calls ,  Job Opportunities  |  Leave a comment 
 ALTA is seeking social media interns! 
 Posted on  January 4, 2019  by  rcldaum 
 ALTA is offering internships with our social media team! If you’re looking to be a part of a group of fun- and translation-loving peers, you’ve found your place. You’ll learn to manage the responsibility of bringing translation news and enthusiasm …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Calls ,  Internship ,  Job Opportunities  |  2 Comments 
 ALTA is Hiring! 
 Posted on  January 31, 2018  by  rcldaum 
 You may additionally view this job listing on our website. Program Manager JOB SUMMARY The American Literary Translators Association (ALTA) is seeking a Program Manager. The Program Manager will be responsible for: coordinating all aspects of the annual ALTA conference …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Calls ,  Job Opportunities  |  Leave a comment 
 Write for ALTA! 
 Posted on  January 4, 2017  by  rcldaum 
 ALTA is seeking blog contributors to write for the Literary Translators WordPress blog! If you love translation and have something to say about it, we want to hear from you. At the ALTA blog, we encourage many types of writing …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Calls ,  Internship ,  Job Opportunities  |  Leave a comment 
 Intern with ALTA! 
 Posted on  January 3, 2017  by  rcldaum 
 ALTA is offering internships with our awesome social media team! If you’re looking to be a part of a group of fun- and translation-loving peers, you’ve found your place. You’ll learn to manage the responsibility of bringing translation news and …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Calls ,  Internship ,  Job Opportunities  |  Leave a comment 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Subscribe by email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 14,400 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Academic Programs 
 ALTA Conference 
 ALTA Fellows 
 ALTA Mentorships 
 Becker 
 Calls 
 Collective Conversations 
 Conferences 
 Events 
 Features 
 International 
 Internship 
 Interviews 
 IPTA 
 Job Opportunities 
 Journals 
 Links Round-up 
 NTA 
 Prizes 
 Publications 
 Residencies 
 Sponsored 
 Stryk 
 Uncategorized 
 Workshops 
 
 
 
 Follow ALTA on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 [View Literary Translation's profile on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Literary Translation/) 
 View ALTA_USA's profile on Twitter 
 View LiteraryTranslation's profile on YouTube 
 
 
 
  ALTA Blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
