Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Engineering Manager 
 Westin Resort and Spa Whistler 
 __Whistler, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Start Your Journey With Us! 
 At Westin, we recruit the brightest, most energetic people in pursuit of developing an exciting and rewarding career. Marriott International has 30 renowned hotel brands in over 122 countries around the world, and we're still growing. Opportunities abound! 
 Job Summary: 
The Engineering Manager has overall responsibility for maintaining the building, grounds and physical plant with attention towards safety, security and asset protection. Accountable for managing the budget, capital expenditure projects, preventative maintenance and energy conservation. Develops and implements strategies that will deliver products and services, which meet or exceed the needs and expectations of guests and employees while maximizing the financial performance. Responsible for maintaining standards and regulatory requirements. Leads the emergency response team for all facility issues. 
 Duties & Responsibilities: 
Works with property leadership team to determine how Engineering is performing against budget and highlights areas of concern to leadership. 
Manages the physical plant including equipment, refrigeration, HVAC, plumbing, water treatment and electrical systems in accordance with Standard Operating procedures. 
Administers service contracts to support property needs. 
Ensures fire crew has complete understanding of all procedures, equipment and alarms. 
Coaches and supports the engineering team to effectively manage controllable expenses. 
Manages and controls heat, lighting and power for the hotel. 
Develops and manages the Engineering budget 
Oversees execution of long-term preventative maintenance and 10 year asset protection plans. 
Reviews financial reports and statements to determine how Engineering is performing against budget. 
Addresses potential areas of concern and proposing solutions to owners in a proactive manner. 
Supervises construction to ensure timely completion of projects within budgetary guidelines. 
Ensures compliance with provincial, local and federal regulations. 
Maintains property life safety systems. 
Ensures building and equipment licenses, permits and certifications are current. 
Manages areas of operation to budget by reviewing operating statements, budget, worksheets and payroll progress reports. 
Manages departments controllable expenses to achieve or exceed budgeted goals. 
Participates in the budgeting process for areas of responsibility. 
Reviews and manages controllable expenses such as heat, light, power, water consumption, tools and equipment, grounds keeping supplies, uniforms, vendors and service agreements 
Ensures employees are treated equally and fairly, and utilizes employee feedback. 
 What we are looking for: 
 
 High School Diploma or GED: 6 years experience in the Engineering and maintenance profession or 2-year degree from accredited University in Building and Construction, Engineering or Mechanics; 4 years experience in the Engineering and maintenance profession. 
 Must possess a BC Power Engineers 4th Class ticket or willing and capable of achieving certification in an agreed time frame. 
 Must be able to work with a variety of ownership and management level as required. 
 Must be able to stand and exert well-paced mobility for up to 6 hours in length. 
 Must be able to coordinate, delegate and support contractors and follow all requirements around contractor safety. 
 Must have a high level of communication skills, both written and verbal. 
 Required to be on call for Emergencies in the facility. 
 Require a BC Drivers License 
 Must be knowledgeable on Health & Safety 
 
 What is in it for you? 
 
 Enjoy Discounted Hotel stays with Marriott ‘Explore’ Program 
 Discounted Food & Beverage items. 
 Winter Leisure Package (Spirit Pass) 
 Reward and Recognition Programs 
 Medical Services Plan, Extended Health Benefits Plan 
 
 Additional Information:  This hotel is owned and operated by an independent franchisee, Aimbridge Hospitality. The franchisee controls all aspects of the hotel’s employment policies and practices, including the selection and hiring process. If you accept a position at this hotel you will be employed by a franchisee and not by Marriott International. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
