Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Property Manager 
 Choice Properties REIT 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
300 – 1010 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 2R7 
 Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust is an owner, manager and developer of well-located retail and commercial real estate across Canada. Choice Properties' portfolio spans approximately 65 million square feet of gross leasable area and consists of over 700 properties primarily focused on supermarket-anchored shopping centres and stand-alone supermarkets. 
 Choice Properties’ strategy is to create value by enhancing and optimizing its portfolio through accretive acquisitions, strategic development and active property management. Choice Properties' principal tenant is Loblaw Companies Limited, Canada's largest retailer. Choice Properties' strong alliance with Loblaw positions it well for future growth. 
 A commitment to continuous learning and development is a strong part of our culture. 
 The Property Manager is a self-starter, a strategic thinker and has a great service-oriented attitude that will continue to encourage constant improvement of services and performance. Manages and is responsible for bottom line performance of all assigned properties including preventive and reactive maintenance of facility systems, property budgeting, income and expense control. 
 Responsibilities: 
Work with AVP to meet asset management objectives 
To be accountable and control expense commitments within budget including regular meetings for budget and financial review and achieve the highest possible NOI through the implementation of effective cost control 
Review building operating systems; capital and day to day expense to achieve best pricing and timely budgeting of work; understand the makeup, strengths, and weaknesses of each property in the portfolio 
Development and adhere to preventative maintenance plans to avoid increased risk/liability 
Negotiating skills including working with and giving direction to contractors and vendors 
Visits to various sites on a regular basis to ensure the standard of the companies’ practices are adhered to 
Respond as required to any tenant issue or property emergency; Evaluates decisions/actions through the lens of meeting customer needs. Proactively communicates and goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction. 
Understand contracts/leases and ensure tenant compliance with requirements of the lease 
Strong verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate clearly with both internal & external customers and at all levels within the organization 
Solid time management skills with ability to prioritize, organize and successfully balance multiple task and request and work in fast paced environment 
Liaise with co-owners (if applicable) regarding monthly and quarterly reporting, budgets, operating and capital expenses etc. 
Assist with special projects outside of their specified portfolio. Act as a mentor and as required train other Property Management team members; Identify staff training and development needs. 
Through the provision of regular feedback to his/her team, manage the activities of all direct/indirect reports to ensure the timely achievement of department goals, within prescribed policies, procedures and standard business practices. 
Identifies and shares best practices and lessons across a broader team; Anticipates potential obstacles and identifies contingencies to avoid them 
Must demonstrate sound independent decision making using established practices and procedures. Makes decision after examining issues from multiple perspectives. Recognizes the broader implications of issues/decisions. 
As required, prepare and deliver presentations, speeches and reports demonstrating a high degree of professionalism. 
Willing and able to travel 
 Qualifications: 
Business and or RPA or CPM designation 
Minimum of 7-10 years progressive experience in commercial property management. Experience in retail shopping centres is required. 
The ideal candidate will have successfully managed a large team and can provide examples of how he/she has motivated, mentored and/or coached specific team members to success. 
Strong financial skills including a keen understanding of financial statements and property operating statements. Is adept at analysis of lease transactions and understands the impact on operations. 
A demonstrated working knowledge of building operating systems in order to apply critical analysis of proposed capital work. 
Excellent planning, organization and project management skills. 
Strong ability to build relationships at all levels within the organization as well as with other stakeholders. 
Well-developed problem solving, influencing and negotiation skills to manage and resolve issues effectively within a sophisticated environment. 
Highly developed oral and written communication skills. Solid skills in making presentations and facilitating meetings. 
 Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 Choice Properties REIT recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and employees with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
