Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 What Relationships Can Teach Us About the World of Work 
 Jennifer Brown Banks    4th February    Career   14 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=What%20Relationships%20Can%20Teach%20Us%20About%20the%20World%20of%20Work%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fwork-relationships%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 It's been said that those who fail to learn from the past are destined to repeat it. For some of us that means a paradigm shift for 2011. 
 If you're seeking ways to work smarter, enhance your work experience, increase your value to your organization, and move forward in your career, you need look no further than lessons on love. 
 That's right.  Relationships (past and present) can be a gold mine when it comes to providing wisdom in the world of work, as there are many parallels and similar standard operating procedures.  Based upon what I've observed and experienced, here are some of the most important ones. So just in case you didn't get the memo, take notes. 
 
 You 've got to be a good “team player” or you'll likely be pink-slipped . Think about it. Nobody likes a slickster or a slacker. It puts unnecessary burden on others and causes resentment. Besides, nobody's indispensable! 
 Ongoing communication prevents future problems . Have you ever had a break-up that you didn't see coming? Ouch. Whether it's with a significant job project or significant other, it's important to address goals, perceptions, challenges, and expectations. Regularly. 
 Show up!  Whether it's being “emotionally available” or physically accounted for, your presence is required. I'm often amazed at how many folks jeopardize their job status due to poor attendance. Don't be one of them. You gotta' report for active duty folks; it's a no-brainer. 
 Like a bank account, you 'll only yield what you put in . Work hard and be consistent for optimal returns. 
 Perks can be a great motivator . Strive to create win-win situations. 
 Be willing to admit your mistakes and learn from them.  Remember, “Pride cometh before the fall.” 
 Increase the odds for success and longevity by making wise choices from the get go . For example, don't choose a job as an accountant if you hate numbers. Don't take a gig in customer service if you're not a “people” person. Trust me on this one. 
 
 Follow these seven savvy tips to enhance your job performance and to create a career that you can fall in love with. 
 (Image courtesy of Katie Tegtmeyer  under a Creative Commons 2.0 Attribution generic license.) 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 what do relationships teach us 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Job performance (1) 
 
 
 Lessons (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 relationships (3) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Jennifer Brown Banks  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Jennifer Brown Banks is a veteran freelance writer, popular relationship columnist and Managing Editor at Coffeehouseforwriters.com. Formerly an "awesome" public relations professional, she now enjoys the spoils of the entrepreneurial life. Additionally, she is a columnist for Technorati. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Why Online Degrees Open Interview Doors Faster Than Traditional Ones  
  _ _     5 Quick Resume Tips for Job Search  
  _ _     4 Reasons to Do an Exit Interview (And When To Skip It)  
 
 Discussion 
 
 14 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Stephanie  on the 4th February 
 
 Reply   
 Often times we invest a great deal of time and effort into our "love" relationships forgoing all of the other relationships that we must maintain. Thanks for reminder to put in time in all the relationships in our lives. 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 4th February 
 
 Reply   
 Stephanie, 
 Thanks for the feedback! I appreciate the input. 
 
 Karen Lange  on the 4th February 
 
 Reply   
 Great tips, with so many applications! 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 4th February 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks, Karen. Glad you found them useful! 
 
 Bryan Thompson  on the 5th February 
 
 Reply   
 Jennifer! How's my favorite WorkAwesome contributor?! 🙂 
 I never thought about the comparison between work and relationships, but this is about as good a take on it as I could imagine. All good points - I'd say in that first one, give 110% - we can only account for ourselves. And I'd have to say, there is a lot of relevant truth to "Just Showing Up." It amazed me when I would counsel people as a pastor, how many relationships are on the rocks just because the husband doesn't come home. The same is true for jobs. In fact, there are actually work-related classes where people "learn" skills like "showing up for work." It's hard to imagine for all of us on such a progressive work blog (wink), but there are a lot of people who weren't raised with this kind of work ethic. 
 Thanks for sharing, Jennifer. 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 5th February 
 
 Reply   
 Bryan, 
 You're "awesome". 🙂 Thanks for the feedback. And I don't mean to seem sexist here, but these lessons seem to present more difficulty for "Mars" inhabitants than those of us on planet Venus. 🙂 You were right on target with the advice you gave to those you counseled--you gotta be present. 
 
 Sibyl - alternaview  on the 5th February 
 
 Reply   
 Jen: I like that analogy and the comparison of the working world to relationships. I had not really thought about it before, but after reading your post and insights it makes so much sense. I also think this post serves as a great reminder that we have to always be on the lookout to extend the lessons that come our way to every aspect of our life. Great and thought provoking post. 
 * **[Marcie](http://www.thewritedesignco.com)** on the 5th February 
 
 I'm with Sibyl. I've never thought of that analogy and it makes since. And it's very relatable. Great job! 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 5th February 
 
 Reply   
 Sibyl, 
 How true! Heeding these valuable reminders (in love and work) will ultimately prevent the infamous words of Donald Trump--"You're fired!" 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 6th February 
 
 Reply   
 Marcie, 
 Move to the head of the class. 🙂 Thanks much! 
 
 Lisa  on the 6th February 
 
 Reply   
 Hi Jennifer, 
Great article! You are so right that there are so many opportunities that we can learn and grow from in our relationships and apply to our worklife/careers. Especially communication! Very useful advice. 
 Peace and blessings, 
Lisa 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 7th February 
 
 Reply   
 Hi Lisa, 
 I'm glad you liked it. I greatly appreciate your input. Be well. 😉 
 
 Yvonne Mokihana Calizar  on the 7th February 
 
 Reply   
 Relationships are hard work, and there it is. Like many of the comments 'being present' makes relationships real. I like the reminder of relationships like a bank account, too. 
 Thanks. 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 7th February 
 
 Reply   
 Yvonne, 
 Thanks for sharing your thoughts today. I appreciate your time and input. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
