  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Microsoft PowerPoint Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Microsoft PowerPoint Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/microsoft-powerpoint) 
 1 week ago 
 Africa Based - Customer service agents - call center/chat 
 Published: 1 week ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 13 
 • Reply to all submitted requests in a professional and courteous manner 
• Provide accurate and informative explanations to customers relative to our service 
• Facilitate customer requests for changes or updates to their online content 
• Demonstrate active listening skills gaining full understanding of the customer’s needs/issues while exhibiting empathy. 
• Promote and offer our products and services 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  R. B. S. Canada Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Proof Reader 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 6 
 Need someone who is trained in Economics to assist in auditing some Economics materials.  The material can be in video or written form. Must know your economics subject fairly well. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  T. Singapore Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Design a infographic for real estate process using Powerpoints 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 4 
 I need a professional look for my Microsoft PowerPoints  infographic to stunning my customer. Im a real estate negotiator and project manager for real estate management. I always meet customer to make a deal for selling houses. 
I'm lacking of info to show to my potential customer on how the process is. I need your expertise to make my presentation more pleasant in PowerPoints. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Infographics 
 What do you need?  : Create an infographic from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. M. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 "An Analysis Of Factors Affecting Maldives Airports Company Limited... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 4 
 The project is based on measuring ratios to understand the financial feasibility of Maldives airport company limited to improve business in the future. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. S. Maldives 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Climate Change Communications: European Union and Bloomberg 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 6 
 Assisting Project Manager with communications strategy development and research as part of a climate change campaign for the European Union and Bloomberg 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  G. P. K. Last reply: Last month  Bulgaria 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 Last month 
 Virtual Assistant for Hot Edtech Start-up 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 21 
 Altamira Consulting is an exciting EdTech start-up with 4+ years of growth. We understand that data is crucial for Education decision makers yet its abundance can be overwhelming. Altamira is on a mission to simplify data analysis and enable rapid decision making for all School Districts; we strongly believe this can change the world. 
 We are in the search of a reliable, flexible, organised and detailed-oriented Virtual Assistant to support us growing the business and that wants to grow with us, to elevate the user experience for our customers. 
 Please refer to the attached document for more details as well as information on the application process. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. Z. Last reply: Last month  United Kingdom Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 months ago 
 Health economic modelling 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 2 
 I need someone to replicate a Markov model. The person I am looking for needs to have knowledge regarding health evaluations, excel, and modelling. The model which needs to be replicated is attached. 
 I am willing to help and because I am aware that it might appear a long task. Ans I am also willing to discuss about the remunaration. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. Germany 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
