Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant / Associate Professor and BCRC - Hays Chair in Beef Production Systems 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Agricultural, Food and Nutritional Science 
Competition No. - A108140579 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Department of Agricultural, Food and Nutritional Science at the University of Alberta invites applications for a full-time tenure-track appointment in Beef Production Systems. The position is supported by the Beef Cattle Research Council (BCRC) and the Hays family. As an industry-funded Chair, the position is approximately 25% teaching, 50% research and 25% service in leadership and extension. 
 The successful candidate: 
Must hold a Ph.D. in beef science, animal science, rangeland management or a closely-related field. 
Must Demonstrate research expertise focusing on beef cattle and/or grazing management, nutrition, physiology or environmental impacts, particularly in grazing-based beef production systems is desired. 
Should provide evidence of outstanding research potential, demonstrated leadership ability, excellent communication skills and a strong track record of effective technology transfer. 
 The candidate will develop an internationally-recognized innovative research and extension program and contribute to undergraduate and graduate teaching. Preferred outcomes include improved economic, environmental and social sustainability of Western Canadian cow/calf production and associated grazing management practices. The candidate will develop strong collaborations with the beef industry and scientists at provincial and national research organizations so that innovative research is translated into practical, economical, and sustainable beef production systems. 
 The University of Alberta offers a dynamic and exciting research and teaching environment and outstanding facilities for fundamental and applied beef production systems research. The Roy Berg Kinsella and Mattheis Research Ranches provide 10,000 ha of native and seeded grassland in Parkland and Mixed-grass environments, and a Crop Production Unit, Agricultural Genomics and Proteomics and other analytical lab facilities (www.afns.ualberta.ca). 
 Apply Online By Submitting: 
A statement of interest and vision regarding research and teaching 
Curriculum vitae (CV) 
3 sample publications and 
The name and contact information of three referees. 
 The position will remain open until filled; however, review of applications will commence on January 31, 2020. Appointment will be at the Assistant or Associate Professor level, depending on the qualifications of the candidate. For further information on this position or the department, please contact the Chair by email at afns-chair@ualberta.ca or visit our website at http://www.ales.ualberta.ca/afns/. 
 With more than 38,000 students and 15,000 staff, the University of Alberta (www.ualberta.ca) grants over 8,500 degrees annually to graduates of 388 undergraduate and 500 graduate programs. A research, medical-doctoral, multi-campus institution, the University of Alberta offers a full range of academic and professional programs. 
 The Faculty of Agricultural, Life & Environmental Sciences (ALES) is a science-based faculty. Our professors and students draw from the natural sciences, the social sciences and the arts and humanities to seek comprehensive solutions to some of the key challenges our province, country and world face today. ALES was founded in 1915 and has a long and rich history, tracing back to one of the oldest Faculties and earliest Departments at the University of Alberta. Teaching, research and community engagement within the Faculty are focused on healthy human environments; the sustainability of land, forests and water; the biological, economic, social and technological underpinnings of the bio-products industry; and global food systems. 
 The Department of Agricultural, Food and Nutritional Science (AFNS) at the University of Alberta, is a vibrant, collegial and unique department that spans the agriculture value chain, the first of its kind in North America. AFNS has a mission of serving the community through excellence in teaching and research in efficient and sustainable agricultural production, value added processing, food safety and human health to promote the health and quality of life. AFNS administers a budget of about $ 38 million, including approximately $24 million in research and trust funds. 
 The department now has a total of 65 academic staff (including secondments); over 100 Research Associates, PDFs, Adjunct professors, and visiting scientists; 350 administrative/technical and Support staff. There are approximately 250 graduate students, and over 800 undergraduate students enrolled in the BSc in Agriculture, Animal Health, Nutrition & Food Science degree programs, administered at the Faculty level. 
 Greater Edmonton, with nearly one million residents in the city and surrounding communities, is a beautiful city straddling a spectacular river valley park system. It is the capital of Alberta, with the lowest provincial tax regime in the country. Edmonton is known as Canada’s Festival City, with more than thirty major annual festivals celebrating its rich cultural diversity and community spirit. It has all the attractions of a big city, yet it is clean, safe, and livable, with excellent schools and health care. Edmonton is located only a few hours from Banff and Jasper National Parks, which offer skiing in winter and excellent hiking and sightseeing in summer (www.edmonton.ca). 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
