Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Is an MBA Still Worth it? 4 Ways It Helps 
 Mike Martin    13th August    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Is%20an%20MBA%20Still%20Worth%20it%3F%204%20Ways%20It%20Helps%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fwhy-mba%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 It used to be a given that getting an MBA  degree  was a sure way to also gain access to the executive suite. 
 But times have certainly changed in recent years, and while an MBA is still an asset, it no longer has the cachet that it once claimed in corporate circles. 
 That may be because of the explosion in the number of schools and universities offering an executive  management  training program. 
 In the United States alone there about 100,000 MBAs being granted each year and another 250,000 students enrolled in MBA programs at any given time in that country. 
 For students and prospective MBAs the cost is another discouraging factor. While some lesser schools offer a cheaper version of an MBA degree process, it is not unusual for the “good” schools like Harvard to charge well over $100,000 for the privilege of taking the program at their school. 
 Plus there’s really no guarantee of getting that  top job  just because you go to the time, expense and trouble of getting an MBA. 
 Why Get An MBA? 
 In 2011, the U.S. News magazine did a study that found that less than 40 percent of the  CEOs  of Fortune 500 companies held an MBA. Many of these corporate leaders held other graduate degrees, accounting designations, or were lawyers or engineers. 
 They didn’t need an MBA to get to their exalted place in the corporate structure so why should you? That’s a question many young business  leaders  and people who already have both experience and education are asking? 
 So is it a requirement to have an MBA to  succeed  in today’s business world? No, but here are four reasons why it might help. 
 1. Get Grounded in the Theory 
 An MBA can help everyone who wants to better understand the theories and generally accepted practices that are commonplace in the modern management toolkit. This will assist with the understanding of management and  business psychology  which are core components of all MBA programs. 
 Students will also learn from courses and seminars in business theory and finance that can provide a solid base upon which to build a business or corporate career. 
 Even technical experts like scientists or engineers can benefit from training in business concepts and strategies, as well as the practical and marketing aspects of the products they may develop in their  careers . 
 2. Learn the Soft Side of Business 
 Those same engineering types can almost always benefit from the fact that an MBA program will teach them how to deal with  people  and to understand the “soft side” of the corporate world they hope to lead. 
 That is an essential part of any business: the ability  to train , develop and  motivate  their teams to meet corporate targets. So too is the new element of ethics training that has become mandatory in almost every MBA program. 
 That will help MBA graduates not just become titans of the business environment, but they will also learn how to conduct themselves ethically, equitably and in the best interests of society’s values. 
 3. Build Your Own Network 
 An MBA can also be an opportunity to learn and connect with some of the top business thinkers who teach and guest lecture at some of the universities that offer senior management development programs. 
 They will be exposed to experts in not just the theory of management but organizational behavior, decision making,  negotiation  tactics, and communications. 
 In addition to these academic connections many people also make life long relationships with their fellow students and would-be leaders in the program. These contacts can be extremely beneficial as part of anybody’s business or corporate  network . 
 4. Brand Yourself 
 Finally, an MBA is not just a step on the ladder of  success . For many people it’s part of how they want to present themselves to the world. An MBA still adds a special touch to a resume or a business card and can be an introduction line all by itself. 
 It can be part of a  personal brand  that an aspiring leader is trying to create. Today we all tell a story and create an identity, both in the virtual world and in reality. An MBA can be a great addition to any branding effort. 
 Final Thoughts 
 The bottom line in deciding whether or not to go for an MBA may come down to the money you have to invest. It is a lot. 
 But if you decide to make the leap then the experts advise to go big or go home. Not all MBAs are created equal and one from a top business school will have a much greater impact and lead to a higher possible rate of  success  than one from lower-ranked school. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 brand yourself (1) 
 
 
 build a network (1) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 is an MBA still worth it? (1) 
 
 
 Leadership (41) 
 
 
 why get an MBA? (1) 
 
 
 why MBA (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     5 Ways To Be a Leader - Not Just a Manager  
  _ _     9 Signs It’s Time to Change Careers  
  _ _     How to Ask for a Raise & Get It  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Scott L. Sind  on the 21st August 
 
 Reply   
 Mike - good article, thanks for writing this! I get frustrated when I read major bloggers dismissing the value of a MBA education. Granted, it isn't for everyone; entrepreneurs, for example, would probably be better served with more specialized degrees. 
 I'm almost finished with my MBA program (will graduate in December - yay!), and while I started it firmly entrenched in the corporate world, I've since left my senior management job to pursue a career in writing (third or fourth major pivot for me). I realized that I wasn't going to be satisfied in that role, no matter how far up the ladder I climbed. 
 However, I still find tremendous value in an MBA, for the reasons you mentioned, and one other in particular: leadership. There are all kinds of personalities in an MBA program, and the great leaders in each cohort will rise to the top. Some of these folks have natural abilities while others have learned how to lead through necessity. Leveraging and learning from your classmates can have a greater impact on your career than the curriculum alone. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
