World Duty Free 
 UK Careers Website 
 
 About WDF 
 Jobs 
 Our people 
 Fun facts 
 Locations 
 News 
 
 Distribution Centre Jobs 
 Thanks to an amazing group of talented team members, World Duty Free (WDF) is the market leader in UK airport retail. As part of Dufry, we have over 2,200 shops in 63 countries employing 31,000 staff servicing the shopping needs of 100s of millions of passengers. 
 Retail Jobs 
 Distribution jobs 
 Head Office jobs 
 Seasonal jobs 
 Distribution Jobs 
 Having an effective, flexible, responsive and rapid distribution service is absolutely vital for World Duty Free. Nearly all stock needs to be stored off-site and delivered the day it is needed - and at some of the busiest stores we can have up to 4 deliveries a day. As a result, our distribution team of nearly 300 staff play a vital role in the success of our business. 
 Central Distribution Centre 
 Our Central Distribution Centre (CDC), is in a semi rural location near Egham in Surrey, positioned to be able to service our largest stores with frequent deliveries. The CDC operates 24/7 365 days a year, ensuring that all our shops are fully stocked and ready to sell to WDF’s customers every day. 
 We employ over 250 staff at the CDC, all playing a key role in delivering exceptional service to our customers. Typical roles include: 
 
 Warehouse Team Members 
 Loader Drivers and Drivers 
 Warehouse Systems Users & Administrators 
 Shift Leaders 
 
 We have a comprehensive development program for our teams, starting with basic training for all new starters and going through to management progression. All our administrators are trained internally, 20% of our leaders are developed from the warehouse team and we have trained some of our warehouse team to become loader drivers, helping them to obtain LGV licences. We have also had some of our leaders transfer to retail and head office roles, either at the same level or as a promotion. 
 Other locations 
 In addition to the CDC, we have the following distribution sites: 
 
 Lowfield Heath (near Gatwick) 
 Birmingham Bond (covers all airports in the north of England) 
 Glasgow Bond (servicing Scottish airports and Newcastle) 
 
 See all current Distribution jobs 
 
 Contact 
 Legal, Privacy and Cookies 
 
 22nd June 2020 
 World Duty Free Jobs 
 @WDFJobs 
 Exciting news today - after being shut for 3 months, we have re-opened our first store at @ HeathrowAirport  Terminal…  t.co/WZWD0I25lR 
 
 facebook 
 twitter 
 linkedin 
 pinterest 
 youtube 
 
