
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 < Go back to Member Resources  | See next steps > 
 What if I choose the wrong career? 
 Despite all of the research and thought, sometimes people go into the wrong job or even career. We cannot know what it will be like until we do it. 
 However, many people also don’t give themselves or the job long enough to know what it is really like. Our general advice is see a whole cycle, probably twelve months. It may be a training programme allows or requires movement around an organisation to see different departments or functions. This does give a great chance to learn, experience and decide on the immediate future. 
 But sometimes the original decision turns out not to be the right one for you. You have tried hard, given it enough time and made every effort but it isn’t working out as you hoped. It is a brave decision to try something else, but this whole site is predicated on intelligent and informed decision making. If you need to make a move, know to where you want to go and why. Making a change can be a positive, lurching aimlessly from one job to another may adversely impact on the medium to long-term future. 
 Dealing with knock-backs is fundamental, even in a job which is great. Nobody has a seamless and problem free career. Having issues isn’t the issue, how you deal with it is: 
 
 Learn from every situation, even those in which you see yourself as blameless. 
 Don’t become cynical. Nothing disappoints a manager than seeing a positive and vibrant person turning into a cynic, looking at life as if simultaneously sucking a lemon. Employers want people with a thirst for success, for helping colleagues and for achievement. There are people who think they are funny by being cryptic and sceptical, and maybe they do raise a smile, but they are also deciding their fate in regard to that company or promotion or being given interesting challenges 
 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
