SPCK/SSG: News, Notes & Info 
 News, notes and info about the former SPCK Bookshops 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Chichester 
 Durham 
 Help 
 
 Contact 
 Evidence 
 Jobs 
 
 Why advertise here? Facts & Figures 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 
 Archives 
 Index of Indexes 
 
 Employment Tribunal Reports Index 
 TinyURL Index 
 
 
 
 
 What's On 
 
 Diary Archives 
 
 
 Art Gallery 
 Collecting the Evidence 
 Downloads 
 Photo Album 
 Poet's Corner 
 Read Me 
 SPCK/SSG: My Story, by Phil Groom 
 Who's Who? 
 Brewer Bus Collection 
 
   
 Why advertise here? Facts & Figures 
 Why advertise positions on the SPCK SSG News Blog? 
 
 In short, because it both makes sense and also helps support ex-SPCK staff by providing a small donation to the  Save the SPCK Booksellers  Fund. You can also use the board to advertise other relevant jobs. 
 
 It helps the Booksellers ' Support Fund 
 
 There are still a number of ex-SPCK staff and others looking for positions, and there may be some more in the future - depending how developments go with the bookshops. You can read what the fund has been used for on the  Save the SPCK Booksellers  page. It is small, and each £10 or £25 makes a difference. 
 
 It is Effective in Reaching Potential Applicants 
 
 This blog is the news hub for everything to do with the SPCK/SSG case, and is read regularly by many current and ex-SPCK staff, and others interested in the case. It is usually updated daily, sometimes more frequently, and is monitored by all the key players in the SPCK/SSG case as well as figures from the media. 
 
 It is Excellent Value for Money 
 
 During August we received (based on the wordpress.com statistics service) 20,000 page views. We are on track to repeat that figure in September. Here are the current traffic graphs, taken at midnight on September 14th: 
 
 Weekly Pageviews 
 
 Monthly Pageviews 
 
 For a highly targetted niche audience such as ours, that represents excellent value. 
 How to Advertise 
 
 Details are at the top of the  Jobs page . 
 
 Page written by   Matt Wardman 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 One response to "Why advertise here? Facts & Figures" 
 
 Pingback:  Pages Rearranged « SPCK/SSG: News, Notes & Info 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Latest Post 
 
 Charity Commission releases report on the SPCK/SSG Bookshops 
 
 
 
 Welcome! 
 
 
 This site was set up to provide a news portal and discussion forum during the rundown of the former SPCK Bookshops by the Brewer brothers. It's now largely an archive site, but remains open for comments, discussion and occasional news items... 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Charity Commission p…  on  Charity Commission releases re… 
 
 
 
 
 melissa on  J Mark Brewer, the People… 
 
 
 
 Ewan Gear on  Steve Jeynes, RIP 
 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom  on  Freeholds Reclaimed, Disbursem… 
 
 
 Martin on  Freeholds Reclaimed, Disbursem… 
 
 
 
 Carole Burrows on  Freeholds Reclaimed, Disbursem… 
 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom  on  Welcome to Worcester? 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom  on  Durham: Cathedral Shop Re… 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom  on  Truro Christian Bookshop: Busi… 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom  on  Truro Christian Bookshop: Busi… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe! 
 
 
 Get new post notifications by email 
 Join 2,540 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Hit me! 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Charity Commission releases report on the SPCK/SSG Bookshops 
 Final settlement with SSG worth "over a million pounds" (updated 12/10/2013) 
 Freeholds Reclaimed, Disbursements and Pension Fund top-ups promised as SPCK settle dispute with SSG 
 Philip Brewer files for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy in California 
 Durham Cathedral Shop Employees win Redundancy Payout 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Advice  (10) Announcements  (38) Author Interviews  (1) Bookshop Ramblings  (3) Bookshops  (9) Christian Bookshops  (22) Dave Walker  (2) Downloads  (3) General Info  (9) Guest Posts  (4) Info  (37) Knockabout  (8) Letters for Mark Brewer  (5) Looking Back  (14) Musings  (26) News  (162) Off-topic  (2) Opinions  (4) Podcast  (1) Questions  (7) Shop Locations  (105)    Bradford  (2)    Bristol  (1)    Cambridge  (1)    Canterbury  (2)    Cardiff  (3)    Carlisle  (2)    Chester  (7)    Chichester  (11)    Durham  (36)    Exeter  (11)    Leicester  (3)    Lincoln  (3)    Newcastle  (3)    Norwich  (2)    Salisbury  (10)    Sheffield  (4)    Truro  (2)    Winchester  (4)    Worcester  (8)    York  (6) Tribunals  (11) 
 
 
 The Stats 
 
 258,745 pageviews... and counting! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Amazon   asingleblog   Authentic Media   bad faith   Bankruptcy   Bookseller   Boycott   bplaw.com   brewer   Brewer and Pritchard   Brewers   Cease and Desist   Charity Commission   Chester   Chichester   Christian bookshop   Christian Bookshops   Christian Marketplace   christmas   Church House Publishing   Church of England Pensions Board   Church Times   CRE   Dave Walker   Durham   Durham Cathedral   Durham Cathedral Bookshop   Durham Cathedral Shop   Durham Cathedral Shop Management Company   employment tribunal   Employment Tribunals   ENC   ENC Management Company   facebook   Former SPCK Bookshops   gerald the sheep   Google   Houston   Interim Manager   J Mark Brewer   Lincoln   Liquidation   Mark and Philip Brewer   Mark Brewer   Orthodox Mission   Pensions   Petition   Phil Brewer   Phil Groom   Philip Brewer   Philip W Brewer   Prayer   Randy Williams   Saint Stephen the Great   Saint Stephen the Great Charitable Trust   Sarum Books   SEC   Securities and Exchange Commission   Simon Kingston   SPCK   SPCK Bookshops   SSG   SSGCT   Stanford Financial Group   St Stephen the Great   St Stephen the Great Charitable Trust   St Stephen the Great Trust   the Bookseller   Third Space Books   thirdspacebooks.com   USDAW   Wales   Wesley Owen   Worcester   York 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Maggi Dawn 
 Newton Ducks 
 Phil's Boring Blog 
 
 
 
 Dave Walker Links 
 
 Atelier Beads 
 Bishop Alan 
 Cease and Desist 
 Exigency In Specie 
 FriendFeed 
 GAFCON: The Revd Dr Christian Troll 
 Google Search for the Facebook Group Letter 
 Intelligence and Ignorance 
 MadPriest 
 Matt Wills 
 
 
 
 Incoming Links 
 
 Incoming Links 
 
 
 
 Phil Groom's Other Blogs 
 
 Biggleswade Books 
 Phil's Boring Blog 
 UKCBD: The Christian Bookshops Blog 
 
 
 
 Related Blogs 
 
 A Blogspotting Anglican Episcopalian 
 About Mark Brewer 
 asingleblog 
 Christian Bookshops Blog 
 Elizaphanian 
 Mark Tiddy's SPCK/SSG Posts 
 MetaCatholic 
 Save the SPCK 
 Scatter Cushions 
 spckscandal.com 
 
 
 
 Related Links 
 
 Facebook Group 
 Mark Brewer: Is This You? 
 Ship of Fools Discussion 
 The Bookseller: Reports tagged 'SSG' 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Avoiding legal fires in the blogosphere 
 Civil Liberties Resource Pages for Bloggers 
 Index of Indexes 
 
 
 
 SPCK Annual Reports (pdf) 
 
 2006 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 
 
 
 Twitters 
 
 Bishop Alan 
 Dave Walker 
 David Keen 
 Matt Wardman 
 Phil Groom 
 SPCK/SSG Twitter Feed 
 
 
 
 Where Next? 
 
 None 
 
 
 
 All Time Top Posts 
 
 Durham 
 Steve Jeynes, RIP 
 About 
 "SSG tribunal claims mount" 
 Rescuing Britain’s Christian Heritage: Durham Cathedral Bookshop 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug 
 
 
   News & Views from Christian Bookshops elsewhere… 
 
 So long, and thanks for all the fish…  April 27, 2018 
 Going deep into meaning and motivation: Lucy Mills reflects on her new book, Undivided Heart  October 26, 2017 
 Charity Commission publishes long awaited report on mismanagement of former SPCK Bookshops  August 11, 2016 
 Day of Prayer for the Christian Trade: Together We Can Make A Difference!  April 7, 2016 
 Final Farewell from Wesley Owen  October 26, 2015 
 
 
 
 Disclaimer 
 
 
 All opinions expressed are those of the individual contributors concerned and should not be taken as representing the views of any particular group or organisation unless otherwise stated. 
 
 
 Comments and Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Comments 
The use of pseudonyms when commenting is welcome. All we ask is that you:
1. Use the same pseudonym each time you comment;
2. Provide a valid email address so that we — that is,  this blog's organisers  — can contact you if necessary 
 All comments should comply with the standards set out in the  Christian Bookshops blog Comments Policy . Failure to abide by those guidelines may lead to comments being deleted without notice. Thank you. 
 Privacy 
Your contact details will not be passed on to any third party without your explicit permission or unless we are required to disclose those details under British law 
 This Privacy and Comments Policy must be read in conjunction with the site's Terms of Use (see below). 
 
 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 In submitting any communications to this website or its representatives by any means whatsoever you grant an unrestricted worldwide license to cite, republish or reuse all such communications in part or in whole via any medium.  You further warrant that you have the legal right to submit such communications and that you accept full liability and responsibility for their entire content and for all and any consequences arising from such citation, republishing or reuse . This overrides, supersedes and takes absolute precedence over any other copyright or confidentiality clauses unless explicitly agreed by both parties in advance. 
 In particular, these terms will be invoked in the event of a perceived threat to this site such as but not limited to attempts to serve  Cease and Desist  notices. 
 Normal commenting and feedback will be treated with the respect it deserves as per our Privacy Policy (see above) 
 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 
 Blog: 
 SPCK/SSG: News, Notes & Info 
 Topics: 
 Christian ,  Bookshops ,  News 
 Follow this blog 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
