Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Finance Operations Analyst 
 TD Bank 
 __Moncton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 TD Description 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 The Finance Operations (FinOps) Center, located in Greater Moncton, New Brunswick, is an integral part of TD Finance, delivering finance services with a commitment to operational excellence. 
 Since opening our doors in January 2019, we've remained focused on building and developing a diverse team of enthusiastic and dedicated professionals who are committed to making a difference in both the lives of our customers and their own. In attracting a broad range of experienced finance operations professionals and post-secondary graduates, we hope to reflect the vibrant diversity of TD and its valued customers. 
 TD Finance is an integral and trusted partner to businesses across the Bank, made-up of diverse teams, strengths and capabilities contributing to TD's overall success. Together, TD Finance helps the Bank make smart business decisions, ensure regulatory compliance and financial reporting accuracy and guard the integrity of TD's business processes, drive efficiencies with external suppliers and manage TD's global real estate portfolio. 
 Our core Finance teams help to make TD the Better Bank by working together to deliver insightful advice, meaningful reporting and professional operations The TD Finance operating model is comprised of three main parts: 
 Finance Operations – a centralized team performing a range of services such as general accounting, reporting, and transaction processing on behalf of Finance and the Enterprise 
Business Partner – perform analytics and provide advice to the business to support strategy and decision-making 
Specialized Functions – providing domain or knowledge-based expertise to the Enterprise 
 Job Description 
 Analysts at TD Bank Group contribute to the overall reputation of TD and are expected to collaborate as appropriate with TD partners, to deliver superior results in both the short and long term. 
 Job Requirements 
 Key member of one of our high performing teams of finance professionals responsible to perform general accounting and finance reporting functions, which may include: 
 Gathering of manual and system generated data to prepare, review and post journal entries and required transactions 
 Preparation and review account reconciliations 
 Performing a variety of accounting functions which may include cost accounting, inter and intra segment allocations, tax and fixed asset accounting 
 Production and preparation of Financial, Regulatory or Management Reporting for business lines, including data gathering, cleansing and validation 
 Reporting for TDBG Financial Statements which may include Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A), Supplemental Information, or certain Capital Reporting 
 Supporting key stakeholders for reporting needs and requirements 
 Analysis and investigation of financials 
 Execute existing process controls and implement new controls as needed 
 Deliver quality service; achieve performance goals such as SLAs and KPIs, in a transformative and changing environment 
 Identify operational problems and escalates issues as required 
 Strive for operational excellence through ongoing process improvements 
 Keep abreast of emerging issues, trends, and evolving regulatory requirements 
 Maintain knowledge of the end-to-end processes 
 Foster a climate of open communication within team, FinOps partners and key stakeholder 
 Specific Educational Requirements: 
Undergraduate business or accounting degree 
 Professional Accreditation such as CPA or post graduate degree would be an asset 
 Additional Information 
 1-3 years of experience in finance or accounting fields 
 Strong finance acumen – understanding the business and related processes 
 Strong understanding of the financial and accounting standards applicable to financial institutions 
 Good analytical skills in assessing risk, issues and challenging the status quo 
 Proficient with finance systems, common productivity tools and end-user software (such as MS Office suite) 
 Good communicator who engages colleagues, business partners and external stakeholders 
 Ability to stay resilient under pressure and during times of change 
 Works effectively in teams and with multiple partners 
 Ability to work in a demanding environment and handle deadlines and priorities 
 Has sound judgement and decision-making abilities 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Finance Operations 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Finance / Accounting 
 Job Category(s) 
 Finance / Accounting 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Business Line 
 Corporate 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Moncton 
 Work Location 
 43 Champlain Street (477 Paul St.) 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
