Skip to content 
 
 Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog 
 Going For Lifestyle, Travel, Beauty, Fashion, Germany + 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 ABOUT ME 
 
 
 DAILY LIFE 
 
 IN GERMANY 
 LEARNING 
 INSPIRATION 
 ESSAY 
 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 BEAUTY 
 FASHION 
 HOME DECOR 
 TRAVEL 
 ART + CULTURE 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Facebook - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Instagram - Authentic Grace 
 
 
 Twitter - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 Amazon 
 
 
 About Authentic Me 
 Authentic Grace is Mysterious but Adventurous   Enjoying Posting About What I feel, How I live and What I love with Sincerity and Authenticity! 
 Keywords Of The Blog? 
 Lifestyle / Travel / Beauty / Fashion / Home Decor / Culture & Art / Essay / Life in Germany + 
 Search for: 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 Instagram 
                 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Home Decor – Geometric and Abstract Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  23rd January 2021 
 Home Decor - Recommendable Unique Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  19th January 2021 
 Beauty - The Best 2 Ways How to Make Essential Lemon Oil At Home  30th December 2020 
 Beauty - How To Prepare Base Skin For Natural Style Makeup (ft. K-Beauty)  29th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 11 Tips for Efficient Home Cleaning & Organizing  27th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 5 Ideas To Utilize and Decorate Your Front Door Space  25th December 2020 
 Beauty - Essential Tips How To Care Oily Skin In Cold Winter Time  24th December 2020 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Advertisements 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog on WordPress.com 
 Tag: jobs 
   
 Coronavirus And Job Market in Germany - What Can Job Seekers and Career Changers Do? 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 The coronavirus pandemic has affected the world as we know it, and numerous industries and businesses are suffering (or, in some cases, gaining) from its powerful impact. Due to strict measures taken by governments across the globe, most companies are asking their employees to work from home. However, what about those who cannot do their jobs at home? 
 The job market in Germany 
 Looking at the job market composition during the  COVID-19 pandemic  , we can identify three main groups of people: 
 1. Who are looking for a job right now 
 This refers to people who were either already job seekers before the pandemic, or who have been laid off due to the pandemic. 
 2. Who will need a job in the near future 
 This refers to people who will lose a job because of pandemic and potential economic recession in the near future. 
 3. Who are looking for a career change 
 This refers to people who are currently staying at a job, but have been thinking about a career change, before or after the arrival of the pandemic. 
 If you are employed, your industry is not heavily affected by the crisis, and you’re happy at work, then relax. Wash your hands and stay in your home office. However, if you are in one of the above categories, read on. 
 Depending on which of these categories you fall under, your job search or career development strategy may vary. Let’s discuss each of the groups in more detail. 
 Advertisements 
 Current job seekers 
 If you are a job seeker at the moment, a lot will depend on your industry. Obviously, there are sectors that are more heavily affected than others. Mainly, these are industries that depend on people going out or that require people to be present at a location; activities that cannot be replaced by virtual sessions. These include: 
 
 Tourism (travel, hotels, airlines, train and bus services, guides) 
 Leisure (sports, concerts and theatres, bars and restaurants, spas and beauty salons) 
 Manufacturing (may vary) 
 
 If this is the case for you, think of ways in which you can modify or adapt your business / job to the current situation, or other ways in which you can use your skills. Here are some tips on what you can do when faced with such a situation: 
 
 One possible solution is to start conducting online courses such as “how to master Adobe Photoshop” or “Learning German”. 
 You can also try to reinvent your business, for example, delivering food to your customers, providing them with new recipes online, or even DIY courses. 
 Watch out for any help the government might provide for you or your type of business. 
 Is there another industry that demands your hard / soft skills? If you are an engineer, then it is very probable that your knowledge is needed in other sectors. Or if you are a salesperson, think of what kind of value you could bring to other types of businesses. What transferable skills do you have? 
 
 However, if you are unable to, or simply don’t want to modify your business, there are two main options for you: 
 
 Look for a job in another sector with your current skills 
 Take a break and develop or expand on your qualifications 
 
 If you choose the first option, think of the industries that are still hiring. 
 Advertisements 
 High-tech giants (Microsoft, Google, Salesforce, etc.) 
 They are accustomed to working remotely and may be running business as usual. 
 High-tech companies specialising in remote work (Zoom, Slack, Asana, Trello, etc.) 
 Since the majority of companies are bringing their business online when applicable and possible, these vendors need new workers urgently, to help meet the increased demand. 
 Online learning companies 
 Data shows that people are using their time in quarantine to learn new skills. Therefore, there will be an increase in the number of people using distance learning platforms. Increased business demand means an increased need for new hires. 
 Digital entertainment (movies, games) 
 Schools and offices are closed, which means that demand for entertainment has increased, since the easiest choice for many is to watch a movie or play a game. Companies like Netflix are therefore still hiring. 
 Healthcare 
 The healthcare sector is always under pressure to hire new talent. Today, this is especially true, as it never was before. Doctors, nurses and other medical staff are desperately needed in hospitals. Data specialists, researchers, scientists, and communications experts are also of utmost importance. 
 Pharmacies and medical technology 
 Pharmacies and medical technology companies are still hiring people to cover the current demand in the market. 
 E-commerce 
 If physical shopping is no longer possible, people will resort to online shopping. E-commerce companies are experiencing a boom in sales. 
 Advertisements 
 Future job seekers 
 One way to deal with uncertainty about the future is to think ahead. The crisis will be over one day, and the world will become normal again. However, a large number of people will have lost their jobs or businesses. This means there will be a lot of competition out there. The best thing you can do is BE PREPARED. 
 Analyse where your industry is going and what skills will be needed 
 Right now, we can say that jobs that deal with data (analytics, data science and so on) will be needed more so than before. Furthermore, since a variety of businesses are now going online, specialists who have expertise in digitalisation and e-commerce will rock the market. 
 Improve yourself 
 Finally, this is the time to learn. And learn extensively. A lot of institutions provide their online courses either free of charge, or with extensive discounts. Use this time to develop the skills that you will be capable of selling later. 
 Career changers 
 What if you are working at a secure job, but have been thinking about a career change? Is now the right moment to go about such a change? 
 Think of the strategies described above. The answer to the question of whether or not you should change your job now depends heavily on the industry and the role you have / want to obtain. Nowadays, it is crucial not to make any “occasional” decisions. 
 Think strategically and look at the market. Visiting a career coach or recruitment agency can be helpful in this case. The situation we are in now is unprecedented, and nobody can say with certainty what will happen next. However, investing into your own development is always a good idea. 
 Final piece of advice 
 Companies are still hiring, but the process may take longer. Instead of an in-person interview, you will probably meet online. What does this mean for you? 
 
 Know the value you bring and be prepared to back it up with numbers and evidence. 
 Make sure your application documents (CV, cover letter, LinkedIn profile) are polished and you deliver your value proposition clearly. 
 Make sure you are well prepared for the interview (do your research well). 
 
 
 Full Article from I am expat: 
 https://www.iamexpat.de/career/employment-news/coronavirus-job-market-what-should-employees-germany-do-now 
By  Evgeniya Akulova 
 All image from pexel 
 
 Posted on  12th April 202012th April 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany Tags  career ,  Career changers ,  Coronavirus ,  Covid-19 ,  DAILY LIFE ,  employee ,  employer ,  GERMANY ,  Industries ,  Job Market in Germany ,  Job seekers ,  jobs 1 Comment on Coronavirus And Job Market in Germany - What Can Job Seekers and Career Changers Do?     
 Working in Germany - The Number of Fixed Term Contracts Has Risen Sharply + Why Is That? 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 Image from pexel 
 
 1.8 million people work in Germany with an unfairly limited contract. The number has more than tripled since 2001. 
 Image from pexel 
 More and more people in Germany work with a contract that is for a non-substantive period. This is shown by an evaluation of the Economic and Social Sciences Institute (WSI) of the Hans Böckler Foundation. Accordingly, the number of such jobs rose by more than 200,000 from 2017 to 2018 alone. 
 Between 2001 and 2018, the number more than tripled - from 550,000 to 1.8 million people, it is said. In the same period, the proportion of these jobs in all employment relationships rose from 1.7 to 4.8 percent. According to the evaluation, a total of 3.2 million jobs were limited in Germany in 2018, almost twice as many as in 2001. 
 Advertisements 
 For the report, data from the company panel of the Institute for Labor Market and Vocational Research and figures from the Federal Employment Agency were evaluated. 
 " Temporary employment is a problem for the mostly young people affected, because they are often associated with income poverty, restrictions on social participation and starting a family,"  said the WSI researchers. 
 Especially in times of the coronavirus pandemic, it will be particularly difficult for workers with fixed-term contracts  :  " Since we are likely to have problems in the labor market in the coming time, temporary workers will be particularly hard hit,"  said a WSI data manager With. They would be the first to be fired in times of crisis. 
 
 Full Article from Zeit.de: 
 https://www.zeit.de/arbeit/2020-03/befristung-arbeitsvertrag-arbeitnehmer-steigerung-wsi 
 
 Posted on  25th March 202023rd March 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany Tags  career ,  Coronavirus ,  Covid-19 ,  DAILY LIFE ,  Employment ,  Fixed term contract ,  GERMANY ,  jobs ,  Life In Germany ,  Work ,  Working Contract ,  working in germany Leave a comment on Working in Germany - The Number of Fixed Term Contracts Has Risen Sharply + Why Is That?     
 How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 Photo: Depositphotos/Vadymvdrobot 
 You do not also have to be nervous or anxious if you don't fit the criteria for a job. Many people become dissuaded from applying for a job _because they don 't meet all of the requirements. _One question that I get asked regularly. How do I know if I can apply for a job, if I do not fit all required conditions? 
 There are two ways to decide if a job offer fits you. 
 Advertisements 
 1.It's just Idealistic  Requirements 
 First, realize that most job descriptions belong into the fantasy aisle of the book store. HR will list all imaginable skills for the "perfect" candidate. But nothing in our world is perfect. If the HR department did a good job, the skills and requirements are in declining order of importance. 
 If you meet more than a half of the requirements, Feel free to apply. 
 _  But be aware, The actual job requirements might be quite different from what you have read in the job description. _ 
 A while back I got a mail from one of my coaching clients: She sent me the link to a company that offered jobs in English. There were about 20 positions, from accounting to software development to sales. Every single job description was exactly the same… 
 Advertisements 
 2.  Are you able to perform the job? 
 The second way. Ask yourself honestly. 
 If I get hired, can I actually perform this job and deliver the results expected? 
 Photo: Depositphotos/VitalikRadko 
 _One engineer told me the story of his first job in Germany. In the interview process he said "yes" every single time when the employer asked him if he knew a software or had worked with a tool. 
 He got the job, but on his first day at work it became immediately obvious that he couldn't use any of the software mentioned. His colleagues made him cook coffee and copy documents._ 
 Embarrassed, he quit after one week, and since then has been completely upfront about his skills and knowledge. (He has a very successful career in Germany now.) 
 Advertisements 
 So, the question you should answer yourself is:  How will I actually perform my duties, even if I work in a German language environment, but speak only English? 
 Saying "I will figure it out" is nice attitude, but won't convince a German manager.  You will need to actually be able to explain this in detail. Step by step.  If you can do that: Apply for the job! (No matter if it's in English or German.) 
 As a matter of fact:  Smart people will always find a way to overcome the language challenge.  You use Google Translate, ask your colleagues or hire an intern who will translate for you during the first months. 
 And shouldn't that be the real objective for an employer? To hire smart people who find solutions? 
 Related Post 
 GETTING A JOB IN GERMANY – TOP 8 USEFUL JOB SEARCHING PLATFORMS 
 
 Reference 
 https://www.thelocal.de/20191228/how-to-get-a-job-in-germany-if-you-dont-fit-all-the-criteria 
 
 Posted on  13th March 202012th March 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany Tags  Career in germany ,  DAILY LIFE ,  Foreigner in Germany ,  GERMANY ,  Get A Job in Germany ,  jobs ,  Life In Germany ,  The Local ,  working in germany Leave a comment on How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
