Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager - People Advisory Services - Change Management Consulting 
 EY 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 As part of EY’s focus on the people agenda of organizations and change initiatives, our People Advisory Services professionals assist our clients in successfully managing and sustaining people, process and/or technology change. This may include the identification and management of stakeholders, leadership development, organizational design, training, cultural assessment and development, talent management, workforce strategies, and planning and executing key communications. 
 The opportunity 
 We are seeking a Senior Manager for our PAS practice. In joining our team, you will gain valuable experiences and a wealth of knowledge by working across various capabilities and service offerings. Working in multidisciplinary teams, often directly with leaders of major organizations, you will bring diverse perspectives to every challenge. We are uniquely and strategically positioned to advise government and public sector leaders in the face of increasing disruptions, an ever changing workforce and evolving business landscape. Whether your passion is devising and driving large scale change strategies, organizational design or transforming HR organizations, we cultivate innovation and purpose. You will find an environment that is both entrepreneurial and collaborative. We will help you achieve your potential by supporting your professional development and by providing you with leadership opportunities. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 You will have already achieved outstanding professional success and are a seasoned senior manager with experience: 
 Delivering change management and training programs in a wide variety of contexts including ERP implementations and transformational change programs 
Working with senior leadership to create alignment in order to support program success 
Developing holistic change management strategies that succinctly articulate how change will be managed in the context of a transformation program 
Identifying and deploying leading edge communication and stakeholder engagement tools and techniques 
Delivering programs that support agile / iterative transformation 
Flexabiliy and ability to travel 
 Skills and attributes for success 
Demonstrate a thorough understanding of complex change concepts. 
Lead client engagement teams and work with a wide variety of clients to deliver professional services. 
Develop and successfully manage to project budget. 
Deliver quality services. 
Value and model excellent client service by establishing goals and implementation plans to achieve a high quality deliverables and within expected timeframes. 
Monitor progress, manage risk and confirm key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes. 
Develop and maintain productive relationships with client management. 
Focus on deliverables and client business priorities. 
Manage expectations of service. 
Understand the client's industry and recognize key performance drivers and business trends. 
Develop people. 
Provide constructive on-the-job feedback/training. Foster an innovative and team-oriented work environment. 
Demonstrate high levels of technical and professional knowledge and quickly assimilate new knowledge. 
Keep up-to-date with current developments and trends in advisory services capabilities and industry knowledge. 
Generate new business opportunities. 
Understand EY and its service lines and actively assess/present ways to serve clients. 
Develop long-term client relationships and networks. 
Develop relationships with other EY team members across all practices to serve client needs. 
Project management experience 
Experience managing staff on multiple projects and providing direction to team members 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills 
Excellent oral, written, and presentation skills 
High level of motivation and a self-starting attitude 
Ability to think outside of the box, thrive on new challenges 
Strong work ethic 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
A degree and/or Master's degree with an emphasis in Business, Human Resources, Psychology 
Approximately 8-10 years of related work experience 
 Experience in the following areas:  Change Management, Stakeholder Management, Communications, Organizational Design, Training, and Culture change 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 Effective organization and time management skills with the ability to work under pressure and adhere to project deadlines 
 What we look for 
 We are interested in professionals who enjoy promoting the people agenda in organizations and change initiatives, bringing people issues and challenges to the forefront. You will need the confidence to keep the people agenda front and center, as well as the interpersonal skills and communications savvy to do this in a way that integrates well with executive priorities and objectives. 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
