
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 HOLY guacamole! Square is hiring a Freelance Project Manager to work on a brand system refresh in their Remote office. 
 About 
 Square is seeking a motivated, creative and exceptionally organized Project Manager to oversee the Brand Systems workstream on the Global Brand Squad. As a Project Manager, you will report to the Global Brand Program Manager. Looking for a quick learner, self starter, and someone who brings a positive attitude to challenging projects. 
 You will oversee all aspects of the Brand Systems workstream by collaborating closely with the Creative Discipline Leads as well as several xf partner teams across the company. We expect you to be a creative problem solver with strong communication skills who can clarify and prioritize resources across projects. 
 YOU WILL 
- Implement and optimize project management processes that will work across all team members and stakeholders, so all parties can see timelines, resourcing and status at any time. 
- Maintain communication with a complex network of stakeholders to ensure expectations are managed. 
- Own standups and documentation that keeps all projects on-time and on-quality. 
- Organize pre and post mortems 
- Have a strong organization skill set 
- Proactively identify potential issues and develop solutions with the Creative Lead and Program Manager. 
- Work closely with Creative Lead to create meetings, processes and documentation to give a birds-eye view of all current and upcoming projects. 
- Help organize assets from kickoff through to final delivery 
- Demonstrate an understanding of the teams work, and be an ambassador for our team 
- Influence stakeholders by building trust, credibility and strong relationships 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
- 3-5 years as a Project Manager at a brand, tech, or digital agency. 
- Experience working with creative teams. 
- Experience working on complicated projects with many stakeholders and multiple approvers 
- Strong communication skills and a reverence for details. 
- Ability to earn the trust and respect of stakeholders and creatives in an environment with moving timelines. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7520-square-project-manager  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Copywriting, Project Management 
 Date Posted 
 October 7, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Justin Lomax 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
