New 
 
 Hillary Voters: Seven Ways to Cope With Her Loss, and Succeed in Donald Trump's America 
 Why I'm Profoundly Disappointed in America 
 Trump Protester: 'People Have to Die for This' 
 Trump Wins! 
 One More Time - Get Out and Vote! 
 
 Like Our Content? 
 Help us keep it free (not tax deductible):  
 Popular 
 
 Hillary Voters: Seven Ways to Cope With Her Loss, and Succeed in Donald Trump's America 
 Why I'm Profoundly Disappointed in America 
 Trump Protester: 'People Have to Die for This' 
 Trump Wins! 
 One More Time - Get Out and Vote! 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Socrates on  If You Tell Me You Supported H… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Drew on  If You Tell Me You Supported H… 
 
 
 
 Davie on  Why I'm Profoundly Disap… 
 
 
 
 Anonymous on  If You Tell Me You Supported H… 
 
 
 
 
 Tim Abbott  on  What If Only Taxpayers (or Whi… 
 
 
 
 Subscribe via Email 
 Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 The State on Facebook 
 
 The State on Facebook 
 
 
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
 
 Search 
 
 Widgets 
 Connect 
 Search 
 
   
 The State 
 Political Commentary 
 Tim Kaine Offered VP Job in Exchange for Rigging Election? 
 October 21, 2016 Author 2016 election ,  bernie cheated ,  debbie wasserman schultz ,  dnc rigged ,  dnc rigged against bernie sanders ,  donald trump ,  donna brazile ,  election rigged ,  election stolen ,  fake ,  hillary clinton ,  hillary rigged the election ,  john podesta ,  rigged against bernie ,  rigged against trump ,  tim kaine   Leave a comment 
 The word is out. The latest Wikileaks emails reveal that Hillary selected Tim Kaine as her Vice President long before the primaries even began.  Proof here . 
 With this, a picture begins to unfold. Did Hillary Clinton's disgraced 2008 campaign co-chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz take over for Tim Kaine in exchange for a VP slot? Tim Kaine stepped down as the chair of the DNC and Obama named Wasserman as his replacement in 2011. The facts are starting to add up. What better way for Hillary to ensure a primary victory then by having her campaign co-chair as the new chairwoman of the DNC, especially after losing a nail-biter to Barack Obama? Big surprise (not), we've now learned that Debbie Wasserman Schultz rigged the election in favor of Hillary - forcing her to resign in shame. Bigger surprise (not), Wasserman's replacement, Donna Brazile, was also just caught rigging the election in Hillary's favor. 
 Considering Obama has since promoted Hillary as the best person for the job, it would be no surprise to hear he supported such a measure - making him a part of the scandal too. What kind of people are we putting into power these days? 
 Corruption on top of corruption. Donald Trump was right after all, this one reeks of 'rigged.' 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Standard 
 Post navigation 
 -> One More Time - Get Out and Vote! 
 <- New Watchdog Group Monitors Media for Bias and Inaccuracy 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
