Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Care Attendant (Casual) 
 Seasons Retirement Communities 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Care Attendant - Independent Living & Memory Care 
 Casual (Days/Evenings/Nights) 
 Starting wage - $16.40/hour 
 Seasons Retirement Communities, Milton 
 760 Bronte Street South, Milton, ON, L9T 8X4 
 Our Mission to You: 
As a certified Great Place to Work®, Seasons believes that every single team member plays an important role in the overall happiness of our residents. We foster a culture of growth and support for our committed team members and offer opportunities for personal and professional development to advance a rewarding career in the seniors housing sector. 
 What We Look For: 
Seasons looks for individuals who are enthusiastic about making a positive difference in the life of another person. We hire individuals who are committed to building meaningful relationships and strive for service excellence so our residents can be proud to call Seasons their home. Keen attention to details, going the extra mile and putting a little “wow” into everything we do is the Seasons way! 
 Your Job:  We’re looking for a Care Coordinator (RPN) to act as a Supervisor providing the highest standard of care services at Seasons. This role will assist in maintaining a safe and secure environment for residents, their families’ and other staff members while mentoring and providing direction and education to our Care Attendants and other team members’. 
 Responsibilities: 
Effectively utilizing the nursing process to provide high quality nursing care to residents 
Supervisory duties including ensuring excellent care services to Seasons’ residents and providing mentoring/education/guidance to care team on an ongoing basis 
Assessments of residents moving into Seasons community and following up with residents throughout the transition to community (6 month re-assessments of residents per RHRA regulations, as health care changes) 
Establish priorities based on individual resident needs 
Providing person centered service plans 
Ensuring compliance with Resident Assessments/Service Plans (PCC) while following community specific policies, procedures, and all applicable regulations 
Risk management by adhering to thorough monthly care related audits 
Medication administration (PCC knowledge an asset) 
 Qualifications or Skills Required: 
Current Registered Practical Nurse License and is in good standing with the CNO 
Current First Aid and CPR certification 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Must be prepared to respond to emergency situations 
Experience working with seniors in a retirement or long-term care facility environment is considered an asset 
Strong leadership and supervisory skills in relation to both residents and care staff 
Point-Click-Care (PCC) knowledge is considered an asset 
 Why Should You Apply? 
 All applicants must be legally entitled to work in Canada. As a condition of employment, a Criminal Record Search which may include a vulnerable sector screen, will be required. 
Seasons Retirement Communities (“Seasons”) is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all interested parties. In accordance with Season’s Accessibility Policy, a request for accommodation will be accepted as part of Season’s hiring process. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest. However only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Note during COVID-19:  At the outset of the COVID-19 situation in Canada, Seasons Retirement Communities implemented heightened precautionary protocols in all of our homes. We continue to follow the advice of provincial and federal governments, our sector regulators and local Public Health agencies. Job responsibilities are being reviewed and adjusted accordingly to ensure the well-being of the successful candidate. 
 Powered by JazzHR 
 3hPTBRlcoL 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
