Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. Analyst, Vendor Income 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The successful candidate will be working in a team responsible for central analytics, reporting and processing across the areas of Vendor Income. They will also be supporting various Finance objectives focusing on maintaining controls, driving process efficiencies and data-driven insights. They will take ownership of and lead the VIF projects with various merchant teams to drive Vendor Income processes efficiencies. The successful candidate will be instrumental in the continued development and enhancements related to SAP functionality. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Responsible for the development, analysis, and communication of on-going and ad hoc financial information related to Vendor Income 
Cooperate with various merchant teams to standardize processes to ensure efficiency and timely billing 
Prepare weekly and quarterly periodic reports, variance analysis and reconciliations 
Take large amounts of complex information from multiple sources and produce simple and easy-to-understand explanations of business results 
Liaise and collaborate with various stakeholders (Vendors, Category, IT and Finance, etc.) to follow-up on various inquiries and drive Finance initiatives 
Contribute to on-going process improvements/enhancements to ensure data integrity and accuracy 
Participate in department initiatives, special projects, and ad hoc analysis as required 
Facilitate and outline clear business process maps and documentation 
 What You 'll Need: 
Bachelor’s Degree or Post-Secondary education in Business, Accounting, Finance or Information/Computer science related disciplines 
2-3 years of relevant work experience in the above disciplines 
General Accounting knowledge; enrollment in an accounting program (CGA, CMA, and CA) would be a definite asset 
Advanced skills in Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word) 
 Experience with the following:  VBA, SQL, Python, SAS, R, Teradata and MicroStrategy would be an asset 
Have a strong understanding of relational database, and ability to build and manage databases 
Strong technical and analytical skills with attention to detail while consistently processing information 
Strong interpersonal skills, written and verbal communication skills; ability to effectively obtain information and communicate issues and requests to others 
Highly motivated, pro-active, professional, and flexible with the ability to adapt to a complex and ever-changing environment 
Results oriented - ability to effectively manage various projects and consistently deliver on time with high degree of accuracy 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
