Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Cosmoprof Canada 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At CosmoProf, we dedicate ourselves to licensed professionals in the Beauty Industry and are committed to making our salon professional customers feel inspired to be their best! We don’t just service the customer – we connect to provide an EPIC experience based on our four pillars of Education, Product, Inspiration and Community. 
 By working at CosmoProf, you would be part of the largest hair and beauty supplier in the world and we are on a mission to empower our customers to express themselves through hair – and we need passionate and talented people to make this happen!! 
 The Sales Associate will focus on one primary objective – creating a memorable shopping experience for our clientele. 
 Your role at CosmoProf: 
 
 Provide superior customer service by explaining features and benefits on our products to ensure they are choosing the brands best suited for their business. 
 Use sales techniques such as suggestive selling to secure maximum sales 
 Complete transactions accurately and efficiently 
 Maintain a professional store environment and communicate inventory issues 
 Demonstrate our company Culture Values 
 
 Why you’ll love working here: 
 
 The team and customers you would be working with are creative, fun and passionate about hair and beauty. 
 Generous product discount and free sample products. 
 You will receive great training and education regarding our products. 
 You will have ample opportunity for career growth within the company. 
 We have a range of different working schedules and hours to suit everyone’s needs. 
 You may qualify for one or more of the following – medical, dental, vision, RRSP Contribution with company match, vacation, sick and holiday time depending on the average hours worked. 
 
 Legal wants you to know: 
 
 Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs, occasionally while on a ladder, with or without accommodation. 
 May be exposed to fumes and odors upon occasion 
 The position requires some physical exertion such as long periods of standing; walking; recurring bending, crouching, stooping, stretching, reaching, or similar activities; recurring lifting of moderately heavy items such as shipment or record boxes. The position involves working around moving parts, carts, or machines, and may occasionally include exposure to irritant chemicals. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
