Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Editing 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (537) 
 IT & Programming  (204) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (72) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (133) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (43) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (14) 
 Others  (24) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (537) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (165) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (144) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (62) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (32) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Not Sure  (104) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (537) 
 Featured  (31) 
 Full Time  (5) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Editing Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 15 of 1354 results ) 
 Editing 
 Hiring : All 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 91  
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Proof reading and content writing 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Editing & Proofreading  Posted: 14th Jan 2021 Ends: 28th Feb 2021  15 Proposals 
 We are working on an Project. This is a consulting assignment and we are to implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the pr... 
 We are working on an Project. This is a consulting assignment and we are to implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM ( Supply Chain Management ), Nursing, General Operations, HR, Hospital Engineering Services and Biomedical Team etc. that needs to be proofread to meet the international standards. This project would be for the next 6-8-month minimum and further extended basis the deliverables that span out from the project. The task is to review the documents /files that will come in the form of PPT/ Word Document/ Excel File / Project Report etc to fine tune the same. 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  Creative Writing ,  Editing ,  English 
 Client:  sid.maths 
 Looking for a Dedicated Content Writers  
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 11th Jan 2021 Ends: 25th Feb 2021  21 Proposals 
 Hi, We are hiring content writers who are well-versed in English with a firm grip over grammar. Writers who have a flair for writing are welcome. We give you flexibility over timings and also the amount of work that y... 
 Hi, We are hiring content writers who are well-versed in English with a firm grip over grammar. Writers who have a flair for writing are welcome. We give you flexibility over timings and also the amount of work that you can manage. Pricing is fixed @ Rs 100/- per 500 words. No negotiations shall be entertained. Monthly Payment. We are looking for Freelance Writers who can: 1. Research smartly and efficiently on the internet on a given topic 2. Can write well - sentence structuring, logical flow, grammar, are some of the basic things we are looking for 3. Can write 100% original content - no rehashing, rewording - We will find out if you do so if you are the type of writer who just rewrites from one source - please do not respond to this post. 4. Can take feedback and ready to grow - if you are here just to make money, we may not be the right people for you. Here is what we can offer: 1. Timely payment 2. Friendly and enriching environment 3. Variety of assignments 4. Growth Plan to help you improve as a writer 5. Reliable 6. Up for the new work 7. Sincere / Timely completion of Work You shall be routed through a 300- 500 word test, to test your expertise. Anyone who is not prepared for the test, please do not bid. Happy bidding... 
 Skills:  Technical Writing ,  Editing ,  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  neelima.7  ,  India 
 Looking for Hindi to English translator  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Translation  Posted: 23rd Dec 2020 Ends: 06th Feb 2021  15 Proposals 
 We are looking for creative translator to translate the Hindi articles to English. Candidate must have excellent command over both languages, grammar and need to be punctual. Translation using google translate and other ... 
 We are looking for creative translator to translate the Hindi articles to English. Candidate must have excellent command over both languages, grammar and need to be punctual. Translation using google translate and other software will be immediately rejected without any excuses. Fixed payment - INR 500 to translate 2500 words. Note- Payment is fixed. Please don't bargain to raise the payment. 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  Editing ,  English ,  Grammar 
 Client:  arvindum 
 My beautiful story 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Editing & Proofreading  Posted: 22nd Dec 2020 Ends: 05th Feb 2021  15 Proposals 
 Its all about my girl and me 
 Its all about my girl and me 
 Skills:  Editing 
 Client:  vinod1683 
 Novel Editing 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 15th Dec 2020 Ends: 29th Jan 2021  19 Proposals 
 Work includes-: 1. Ensure grammatical and overall linguistic accuracy 2. All basic touches to styling issues 3. Review sentence structures - Writing/ modifying phrases/sentences polishing the narrative flow and gramma... 
 Work includes-: 1. Ensure grammatical and overall linguistic accuracy 2. All basic touches to styling issues 3. Review sentence structures - Writing/ modifying phrases/sentences polishing the narrative flow and grammar 4. Point out which aspects need more elaboration 5. Write the blurb & synopsis 5. And finally converting the document into ready to sent to Publisher condition Book is approx. 85000 words. Max. Budget is INR 12,000. Please note the subject of the book is mature and requires a little complex editing, so editors with extensive reading exp would be preferred. Please submit with a before/after editing sample. If shortlisted, 2 Pages will be given for edit for final closure. 
 Skills:  Proofreading ,  Ghostwriting ,  Fiction Writing ,  Editing ,  Creative Writing 
 Client:  ikapilraj  ,  India 
 Book 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 02nd Dec 2020 Ends: 16th Jan 2021  19 Proposals 
 I have written a book on the family it has 182400 words and 603 pages I request you to proof read the same 
 I have written a book on the family it has 182400 words and 603 pages I request you to proof read the same 
 Skills:  Editing ,  Grammar 
 Client:  sreenivasappa 
 Wanted translator for Hindi to Englsih 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Translation  Posted: 23rd Nov 2020 Ends: 07th Jan 2021  6 Proposals 
 Looking for a person to translate Hindi articles to English with zero grammar errors. Command over English and Hindi language is must. We are ready to pay Rs.500 to translate 2500 words. (Fixed-Not negotiable. Do not ... 
 Looking for a person to translate Hindi articles to English with zero grammar errors. Command over English and Hindi language is must. We are ready to pay Rs.500 to translate 2500 words. (Fixed-Not negotiable. Do not apply if you are not ready to work in given rates) 
 Skills:  Editing ,  Creative Writing ,  Content Writing ,  Article Writing ,  English 
 Client:  prathammm 
 Subject matter expert - maths 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 22nd Nov 2020 Ends: 06th Jan 2021  4 Proposals 
 I am looking for maths subject matter expert to publish a journal and support me in PHD work. Maths Statistics subject. 
 I am looking for maths subject matter expert to publish a journal and support me in PHD work. Maths Statistics subject. 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Academic Writing ,  Copywriting ,  Creative Writing ,  Editing 
 Client:  ancymary92  ,  India 
 Urgently wanted candidate to correct the grammar mistakes 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 20th Nov 2020 Ends: 04th Jan 2021  4 Proposals 
 We are looking for candidate who can find out and correct the grammar mistakes, wrong sentence constructions in the given articles. Candidate must have good command over English and Hindi language and strong grammatical ... 
 We are looking for candidate who can find out and correct the grammar mistakes, wrong sentence constructions in the given articles. Candidate must have good command over English and Hindi language and strong grammatical knowledge and he/she should be able to correct the grammatical errors. We are ready to pay Rs.600 for 5500 words. (Fixed-Not negotiable. Do not apply if you are not ready to work in given rates) Candidate must work on at least 1500 words daily. Terms: 1. Command over English and Hindi language is must. 2. corrections using software will be rejected. 3. No grammar mistakes 
 Skills:  Proofreading ,  Grammar ,  English ,  Editing ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  prathammm 
 Urgently wanted candidate to correct the grammar mistakes 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Editing & Proofreading  Posted: 16th Nov 2020 Ends: 31st Dec 2020  5 Proposals 
 We are looking for candidate who can find out and correct the grammar mistakes in given articles. Candidate must have good command over English and Hindi language and strong grammatical knowledge and he/she should be abl... 
 We are looking for candidate who can find out and correct the grammar mistakes in given articles. Candidate must have good command over English and Hindi language and strong grammatical knowledge and he/she should be able to correct the grammatical errors. We are ready to pay Rs.550 for 5000 words. (Fixed-Not negotiable. Do not apply if you are not ready to work in given rates) Candidate must work on at least 1500 words daily. Terms: 1. Command over English and Hindi language is must. 2. corrections using software will be rejected. 3. No grammar mistakes 
 Skills:  Grammar ,  English ,  Editing ,  Content Writing ,  Proofreading 
 Client:  prathammm 
 Translator for Hindi YouTube Videos to English Text on urgent basis 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 16th Nov 2020 Ends: 31st Dec 2020  10 Proposals 
 Wanted good translator to translate Hindi YouTube Videos to English Text on urgent basis. Command over English and Hindi language is must. We will send you YouTube video links and you have to translate or convert that... 
 Wanted good translator to translate Hindi YouTube Videos to English Text on urgent basis. Command over English and Hindi language is must. We will send you YouTube video links and you have to translate or convert that hindi video narration in very simple English text in word document. Right now we want 10 videos to be translated on urgent basis (minimum 2-3 videos per day). We are ready to pay Rs.50 per video (Fixed-Not negotiable. Do not apply if you are not ready to work in given rates) Videos length will be 3-5 minutes. No need to translate introduction and outro part of the videos. Videos will be related to Vastu Shastra, Astrology, health, Feng Shui etc. Terms: 1. Command over English and Hindi language is must. 2. Translation using software will be rejected. 3. No grammar mistakes 
 Skills:  Grammar ,  English ,  Editing ,  Content Writing ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  prathammm 
 Editor need for publishing house  
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Editing & Proofreading  Posted: 10th Nov 2020 Ends: 25th Dec 2020  17 Proposals 
 Hey there, my name is Neel Patel. I have started a new publishing house and for that, I am looking for an editor. If you want to work with us please let me know. My email address is "(removed)." 
 Hey there, my name is Neel Patel. I have started a new publishing house and for that, I am looking for an editor. If you want to work with us please let me know. My email address is "(removed)." 
 Skills:  Editing ,  Grammar ,  Proofreading 
 Client:  neelpatel02 
 Looking for a Virtual Assistant who knows Wordpress & SEO 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Blog Writing  Posted: 06th Nov 2020 Ends: 21st Dec 2020  20 Proposals 
 Hi Im looking for a VA who can do the following work. This is a one time ask, and depends on how soon you can complete with the best perfection. Your job is, to post articles in a WordPress Blog. I will give y... 
 Hi Im looking for a VA who can do the following work. This is a one time ask, and depends on how soon you can complete with the best perfection. Your job is, to post articles in a WordPress Blog. I will give you articles in the word doc. You need to copy/paste into WordPress and schedule it to be posted. Also, you need to properly format the article in WordPress with the title, Short and long paragraph, Title, subheading, etc fixing all grammar issues with the Grammarly plugin. You also need to add relevant images to it and also create one unique image for the feature image for each article Also, you need to write the Meta-description for each article, tag it under relevant categories, add tags, etc along with proper interlinking as needed. I will send you a bunch of some 30-40 articles. So you need to post it and schedule it like each day to go live continuously. So if you can do the work, then drop in your proposal with the timeline and cost. Thanks 
 Skills:  Editing ,  Creative Writing ,  Copywriting ,  Content Writing ,  Blogs 
 Client:  shathyanraja  ,  India 
 Telugu-English Translation 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Translation  Posted: 01st Nov 2020 Ends: 16th Dec 2020  9 Proposals 
 Hello We are IDS Media, based in Gurgaon. We are looking for a Telugu-English (human) translator for getting Telugu educational content into English using idioms, phrases, proverbs, and quotes. The client needs the jo... 
 Hello We are IDS Media, based in Gurgaon. We are looking for a Telugu-English (human) translator for getting Telugu educational content into English using idioms, phrases, proverbs, and quotes. The client needs the job with quality, creativity and perfection concerning grammar, syntax and vocabulary. We do not want translation from Google Translate or any other App/tool. We will share sample paragraphs in Telugu, which can be translated into English. Please revert with price/rate per 1000 source language words and time required for 20000 words. Thanks & Regards 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  Creative Writing ,  Editing 
 Client:  ramamurty48 
 Content Writer / Editor - American English 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 31st Oct 2020 Ends: 15th Dec 2020  24 Proposals 
 Mantran is currently looking for a part time online Content Writer/ Editor who can write in American English for an American audience. The project involves doing certain no of blogs, PR, other web content every month. ... 
 Mantran is currently looking for a part time online Content Writer/ Editor who can write in American English for an American audience. The project involves doing certain no of blogs, PR, other web content every month. Candidates must be strong creative writers (web, PR, blogs). Having experience with entering content in WordPress will be a bonus! Skills: Write for an American audience Creating content to attract the audience. Knowledge of using keywords in the content. 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Editing ,  Press Release ,  Web Content ,  Blogs 
 Client:  mantrancontent  ,  India 
 Previous 1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   Next   Last 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
