The Baltimore Chop 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Chop Style 
 Cocktails 
 File Photos 
 Guest Posts 
 Orioles Baseball 
 Who's the Chop? 
 Email the Chop 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Steve jobs 
 May 21, 2011 * 6:00 am 
 Chop Style: The Emperor Has No Clothes 
 _' "But the Emperor has nothing at all on!" said a little child.' _ Well, that's not exactly true. It's not that the Emperor of Cupertino has  no  clothes. It's that he's got  just the one outfit. 
 We're tempted to draw a lot of parallels between Apple, Inc. and Hans Christian Andersen's  The Emperor's New Clothes.  One powerful man's knowledge and word is placed beyond question by the public, supposed good design is meant to make up for a complete lack of functionality, exclusivity is made a priority, people pretend to be smarter than their peers, and good money is thrown after bad on something that doesn't work as it's supposed to. We're tempted to draw all those parallels, but we won't because we know that our readers are clever enough to draw them on their own. 
 We're just going to say that from a style standpoint, Steve Jobs needs some new clothes. 
 
 Same clothes, different year. 
 For someone who's so often lauded for his products' design, you would think he could realize that high design extends into the world of fashion as well. You're supposed to be so creative? Create a damned wardrobe, why don't you? It's not hard at all. Any intern with an acceptance letter to business school understands that he needs to own at least two suits. Just because you're at the top, you're not exempt from that rule. 
 Steve Jobs only has one outfit. Don't believe us?  Google it. 
 Now, we get it. Jobs is a super rich dude and can wear whatever the hell he wants. But still, a black mock turtleneck and a pair of dad-jeans aren't going to cut it. What? It's comfortable? Balls. Zegna pants and cashmere sweaters are comfortable too. Why not make that your trademark? Don't feel like shopping? Hire someone to do it for you. That's what being rich is all about. Is there no app for that, huh? 
 But maybe Jobs is beyond all that. Maybe he transcends mere money. Maybe he really is  the century's most brilliant mind  or  a true cultural icon.  Maybe he's even an  uncompromising idealist and man of the people . Whatever he may be though, he needs to start dressing better while there's still time. 
 Before too long, he may be committed to  a new signature look. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Chop Style 
 Tagged as  Apple ,  Baltimore ,  Chop Style ,  Fashion ,  fashion victim ,  Hans Christian Andersen ,  Maryland ,  Steve jobs ,  Style ,  The Emporor's new clothes ,  Turtleneck 
 
 
 Subscribe to the Chop! 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 
 RSS subscription is like a podcast for your bookmarks. It's free. Its painless. And it'll put you in the know at your convenience. 
 
 Your daily dose of downtown dramatics, indie culture, and the Baltimore social scene is all in one place, and its only a click away. 
 
 
 2010 Mobbies 
 
 
 
 The Baltimore Chop was recognized by the Baltimore Sun and its readers as the best music/nightlife blog in the paper's 2010 Maryland's Outstanding Blogs contest. 
 
 
 The Chop in Your Inbox 
 
 
 Don't sit around wondering what you're doing tonight. Just check your email and the Chop will fill you in on the best of what's going on in town every day. 
 Email Address: 
 I'll drink to that! 
 
 
   @ThBaltimoreChop  has live updates and twitpics from venues and events... plus drunktweets! 
 
 
 Chopbook. 
 
 
 Add the Chop to your friend list. We like friendly friends. We like making new virtual friends. We swear we won't Farmville you to death. OK? 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 Leave a comment. 
 
 
 
 
 You can ask any waiter or waitress, verbal tipping is the best kind. Just don't call me Hon. 
 
 
 About them O's... 
 
 Camden Chat 
 Camden Crazies 
 Dempsey's Army 
 Eutaw Street Hooligans 
 I Hate JJ Redick 
 Oriole Post 
 Roar From 34 
 Roch's Blog 
 The Loss Column 
 Wayward Oriole 
 Weaver's Tantrum 
 
 
 
 Baltimore Blogs 
 
 Adventures in Baltimore Restaurants 
 Alligator 
 Atomic Bettie 
 Aural States 
 Baltimore Brew 
 Baltimore or Less 
 Baltimore Slumlord Watch 
 Beer In Baltimore 
 Beerinbaltimore.com 
 Blippitt 
 Bmore-Ridiculous 
 Bohs and O's 
 Charmed City 
 Cheshire Splat 
 Epiphany in Baltimore 
 Fitzbomb 
 Fonotopia Radio 
 Gutter 
 Insane Baltimore 
 Inverse Delirium Podcast 
 Mobtown Shank 
 Molly-tics! 
 MR. WRONG photoblog 
 New Glitterati 
 Pasta Primavera 
 The City That Breeds 
 Welcome to Baltimore, Hon 
 [shiny grey monotone] 
 
 
 
 Drinking Blogs 
 
 A Dash of Bitters 
 A History of Drinking 
 Alcademics 
 Art of Drink 
 Boozeblogger 
 Drinking Knoxville 
 Jeffrey Morganthaler 
 Le Mixeur 
 Modern Drunkard Magazine 
 NY Barfly 
 Post Prohibition 
 Thinking of Drinking 
 
 
 
 Other Blogs 
 
 1001 Rules for My Unborn Son 
 Blog Catalog 
 DEALBREAKER. 
 Magnificent Bastard 
 Money Under 30 
 Not a Girl, Not Yet a Wino 
 Social Primer 
 Style Blogger 
 The Art of Manliness 
 the impossible cool. 
 Wonkette 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Chop Knows All About: 
 
 
 
 
 art   Baltimore   baltimore city   Baltimore Events   Bars   bartending   Baseball   Beer   best bets   Books   Brunch   Camden Yards   Canton   Charles Village   Charm City Art Space   Chop Style   Christmas   Cocktails   date   Democrats   design   DIY   Double dagger   Downtown   Drinking   Drinking Liberally   Drinks   Fashion   Federal Hill   Fell's Point   Food   Free   furniture   Golden West   Hampden   Happy Hour   Highlandtown   Holidays   House Rules   Indie Rock   Joe Squared   Liberals   Liquor   Live Music   Maryland   Men's Fashion   men's style   Menswear   Metro Gallery   MICA   mixology   Mobbies   Mount Vernon   Music   Oriole Park   Orioles   Ottobar   Party   Politics   Progressives   Punk Rock   Remington   Republicans   Restaurants   shows   Sidebar   Sonar   Station North   Style   Summer   Thrill Jockey   Travel   Washington DC   Windup Space   Winter 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 A Day in the Life of the Chop  (46) 
 Baltimore Events  (150)
 
 Art Openings  (15) 
 Books and Literature  (7) 
 Comedy  (9) 
 Festivals  (5) 
 Film  (11) 
 Lecture  (3) 
 Other  (20) 
 Politics  (6) 
 Roller Derby  (3) 
 shows  (77) 
 Theater  (8) 
 
 
 Best Bets  (12) 
 Bi-Weekly Political Roundup  (23) 
 Chop on the Spot  (13) 
 Chop Rants!  (34) 
 Chop Style  (35) 
 Cocktails  (23) 
 DC Events  (6) 
 House Rules  (28) 
 Orioles Baseball  (15) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 World Travel  (11) 
 
 
 
 The Way Things Used To Be: 
 
 October 2011  (10) 
 September 2011  (8) 
 June 2011  (17) 
 May 2011  (31) 
 April 2011  (30) 
 March 2011  (23) 
 January 2011  (26) 
 December 2010  (31) 
 November 2010  (31) 
 October 2010  (28) 
 June 2010  (27) 
 May 2010  (32) 
 April 2010  (31) 
 March 2010  (34) 
 February 2010  (7) 
 December 2009  (1) 
 November 2009  (11) 
 October 2009  (5) 
 
 
 
 The Baltimore Chop  * 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
