
 Grizzly Sales Force  
 Recent News & Events 
 Navigation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- How To Become A More Productive Person 
 Meet Markus Pierce: Account Manager -> 
 Why Choose A Career In Sales 
 Posted on  February 21, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 When you hear the word sales, what is the first thing that comes to mind? Some generate images of Jordan Belfort with a lavish life of luxury, others envision a pushy car salesman, and some are completely outside of the box, not quite understanding the benefits or sacrifices that come from a career in salse. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we believe that sales as a career is a wonderful opportunity for professional growth full of amazing benefits. Today, we wanted to share three great benefits that come standard with this field. 
 One of our favorite things about working in sales is getting to be around people. Between the people on our team, our clients, and every new person we meet, every day is something different with someone different. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we work together as a group to help each other reach our goals. If networking is something you crave, sales is the perfect fit! Sales is a great way to get yourself out in the world, meeting new people along the way. If you are introverted and shy, sales is also the perfect fit! When you have a career in sales, you will gain tons of new skills to help you feel more comfortable speaking with new people. Also, sales will help you to get yourself out there, boosting your confidence and self-esteem. Having a career in sales allows you to be present and form real connections. 
 A major perk of this sales industry is that growth is based on performance. Who doesn’t like the sound of that?! A career in sales allows you to drive your own success, at whatever pace you set. Are you a go-getter who always has their foot on the gas or do you prefer to move at a steady pace? Either way, sales is the perfect fit! Sales allows you to be the driver on your trip to greatness. Remember, the amount of work you put into anything determines your results, and a career in sales is exactly that. Unleash your untapped potential and dive into the world of sales. 
 Are you dreaming of having the freedom to control your own life? With a career in sales, you can do just that! Imagine being able to be in your control of your time (most sales jobs require a high level of self-management), dictate your income (hellooo, commission), and spend time with family and friends. Sounds like the dream, right? You might be thinking to yourself, how can sales allow me to have such freedom? When you work hard and prove to your company that you can drive results, you become an invaluable asset and benefits like these will naturally follow. Granted, the early years of sales jobs require more legwork than play time, but over time, your decision to pay now and play later will literally pay off. Within our Management Training Program at Grizzly Sales Force, our focus is to develop sales reps into sales managers, giving team members the opportunity to dictate their future THEMSELVES. With sales, there's less chance of walking in to an unexpected pink slip because the person in control of your progression is yourself. Can a career in any other industry give you that kind of opportunity? We didn’t think so. 
 We could continue to go on about the benefits of working in sales all day, but at the end of the day, enjoying any career is a matter of the mind. If you are someone who would love to have these three benefits in your life, though, we recommend you consider making the switch. We can all personally testify it was the best decision for our careers to date. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Advice ,  Careers ,  Success ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  career advice ,  development ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  jobs ,  learning ,  productivity ,  Success . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- How To Become A More Productive Person 
 Meet Markus Pierce: Account Manager -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Search 
 Social 
 
 View Grizzly-Sales-Force-1717884228535306's profile on Facebook 
 View grizzlysales1's profile on Twitter 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Instagram 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Pinterest 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Vimeo 
 
 Hours & Info 
 2504 Mt. Moriah Rd Suite D360 
Memphis, TN 38115 
 (901) 405-5563 
 Monday - Friday: 
9:00am - 5:00pm 
Saturday - Sunday: 
CLOSED 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
