  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Medical Writing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Medical writer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/medical-writing) 
 6 months ago 
 Turkish-Swedish translators 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We are hiring translators in the Medical field(Clinical, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices) 
In this language pair: 
- Swedish-Turkish; 
- Turkish-Swedish. 
Only native speakers. We expect that you have more than 5 years of experience in translation. 
 Feel free to contact us. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. Ukraine 
 USD 100 - 250 
 9 months ago 
 Content Writer For A Medical Related Web 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We need: 
- expert niche content writer experienced in the medical industry (lab test specifically for liver functions). 
- High-quality articles 
- SEO optimization 
- At least 3 revisions. 
- Words: between 1250 to 1500 
- Language: Perfect American English 
- The article will be tested with yoast seo in order to have perfect seo and perfect readability. 
 - - After that, the funds will be released. 
- We will provide the study of keyword for the article (will be provided after we hire you) 
- we will provide references for content (the idea is to improve with the article, what is out there in the market) - (will be provided after we hire you) 
- the article will be check in order to prevent stolen and/or copied content 
- the writer will need to prove the expertise of the company without bragging. 
- I suggest showing the customer Results, FOLLOW by, your step by step method or system. 
 - Also, you can "Dig the Dirt" showing what you do, that, the other companies don't 
- And In the end Give a reader a quick win, meaning, summarize the key components of the article in a “LIKE infographic” 
- Also will be great if you create just at the beginning of the article a table content with an anchor to each section of the blog post. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. T. C. Last reply: 9 months ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 11 months ago 
 I need content writer 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I need professional content writer for my website  Buyworkers.com.  I need like 11 pages write up that will rank in google first page. SEO skill is required 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last year 
 Benefits for Preventing Mental Health Disorders 
 Published: Last year  Deadline: 4 Bids: 5 
 Hello, 
 Need price quote for research work needed below. With all required documents needed. 
 Secondary Data Analysis to examine Long- Term and /or Potential  Cross-Over Effects of Prevention Interventions: What are the Benefits for Preventing Mental Health Disorders? 
 The purpose of this research is to integrate/harmonize existing data sets  from preventive intervention trials implemented early in life to : 1)examine  risk and protective factors relevant to later mental health  outcomes in childhood, adolescence and young adulthood: and  2) determine whether preventive  interventions delivered earlier in life  have long-term effects, and/or cross-over effects ( e.g., Unanticipated  beneficial  effects), on important mental health outcomes , including serious mental illnes 9e.g., Depression, anxiety, suicide ideation and behaviors, psychosis behaviors). Clinical trials not allowed. 
                                                                                                                                                     
 
 Research Plan Content: 
State Concisely the goals of the proposed research and summarize the expected outcomes , including the impact that the results of the proposed research will have on the research field involved 
 List succinctly the specific objectives of the research  proposed , to test a stated hypothesis, create a novel design, solve a specific problem, challenge an existing paradigm, address a critical barrier to progress in the field, or develop new technology. 
 Paperwork Needed: 
 Project Summary / Abstract- Page Limit- 30 lines of text 
Project Narrative - three sentences 
 Specific Aims -  Page Limit- 1 
Research Strategy - Page Limit -12 
Biographical Sketch- Page Limit- 5 
 Do not worry about these questions listed below: 
 Will also need minimum costs to physically perform work? 
 Will need minimum time frame to physically complete work? 
 I will send you the forms to fill out once everything else has been completed 
 thank you, 
 Terrence 
 P.S. You can possibly find a template of a research paper on science  direct.com ,  Do have a couple files that may help you to complete this work, but it is your responsibility to gather information elsewhere if needed 
This job requires a minimum of 18 pages to be written.  Yes, I will provide reference materials and samples. It will be your responsibility to look elsewhere if you think you need more materials. 
I have over 20 reference materials and samples to provide.  Please give your feedback. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 years ago 
 Need help with writing nursing notes 
 Published: 2 years ago  Bids: 34 
 Hi! 
 Looking for someone with medical knowledge. Ideally university for weekly work. 
 The work involves helping me document brief nursing notes which involves a written narrative of skills and education. 
 Each brief note can be 1-2 paragraph I will have an audio file sent to you  about the patient base on that audio file I will tell you what you need to write and you will help build a good picture of the patient and the skills that I perform during that visit 
 Here is an example of a note 
 "Client is 72 Yr. Old male lives alone. Hx: Bilateral lower extremity edema cellulitis of lower extremities, HTN, 
venous stasis, renal insufficiency, hypercholesterolemia and obesity. 
A&O X3, self directing. Ambulates and 
transfers independently with walker. Skin is intact. 
Incontinent of bladder & bowel at times. No issues are 
noted with regards to chewing or swallowing. Appetite is fair, states his appetite is not what it used to be. 
He is 
very intent on healthy eating and is eager to stop eating high sodium foods. He is 5’8” and is 352#. Senses 
WNL with glasses for reading. 
Sleeps on a hospital bed which is easier for him to transfer into. PERS checked 
this visit. Response time <2 min reminded client that he is to wear the “button”. 
Client agrees. Client has his 
own car which he only drives in the summer. Client does his own grocery shopping, laundry, meds and MD 
appointments. 
However, due to his weakness and limited physical abilities, personal care is recommended 6hrs 
a week to help with household chores and washing his lower extremities. CP safe and adequate for this client.&Quot; 
 I will have around 8-10 patient chart a day, usually about 4-days a week. 
 I need someone who can get 10 charts narrative done a day and be able to take on this assignment hopefully for many months. 
 I will pay 25$ a day for 8-10 charts a day 
 Let me know if you have question. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  W. J. Last reply: 2 years ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
