Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Executive Administrative Assistant 
 BTG Careers 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 BTG i s a growing international specialist healthcare company. Our mission is to bring to market medical products that meet the needs of specialist healthcare physicians and their patients. We have an exciting opportunity for a: 
 Broad Function 
Responsible for the overall provision of competent, professional administrative support to senior executive officers and their staff. Requires thorough knowledge of company operations, policies and procedures. Work requires analysis, use of initiative and independent judgment, decision making and ownership of full scope of projects in support of senior executives and their purview. Collects and prepares information for use in discussions and meetings for senior executive staff including customers, vendors, visitors and other dignitaries. Makes contacts of a sensitive, complex, critical and confidential nature within the organization and with external contacts. Take initiative to lead and partner with other administrative professional team members to coordinate between departments to support business needs and provide support as back-up. 
Principle Responsibilities 
Clerical and Administrative (40-70%) 
Provide full administrative and logistics support 
Write and transmit/post general correspondence on behalf of executive 
Draft presentations for executive review and delivery 
Prepare, assemble and distribute business documents as needed 
Draft and review contracts and amendments. Facilitate their movement through operational, legal and financial review 
Handles presenting issues to protect executive time and priorities. Exercise judgement within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. 
Arrange, execute and facilitate teleconferences, video conferences, interviews, meetings and events 
Coordinate and lead meetings as required including reservation and preparation of required facilities and materials 
Arrange travel and accommodation with domestic and international itineraries 
Record and transcribe meeting minutes and coordinate follow up 
Manage calendars and schedules, professionally liaising with internal and external contacts globally 
Maintain efficient up to date filing and organizational systems 
Process expense claims 
Assess, file and manage incoming calls, visitors and correspondence 
Project Work (30-50%) 
Accomplish administrative and project responsibilities specific to executive or department(s) 
Manage full scope of identified projects to ensure they are planned, implemented and maintained to meet organizational need 
Use excel spread sheets and relevant systems, databases, records, tracking logs and reports to examine trends and identify outliers for intervention 
Complete special projects as assigned 
Miscellaneous (10-20%) 
Contribute to local office related needs such as EHS, committees, reception, supplies, mail 
Liaise with external vendors and customers to facilitate business interactions 
Provide office and facilities management support 
Develop and maintain congenial and cooperative relationships with colleagues and demonstrate leadership when appropriate 
Ensuring that all interactions and engagements are carried out with the highest ethical and professional standards and that all work is accomplished with quality and in accordance with BTG values. 
Carry out other reasonable tasks as required by the Line Manager. 
The above duties and responsibilities are not an exhaustive list and you may be required to undertake any other reasonable duties compatible with your experience and competencies. This description may be varied from time to time to reflect changing business requirements. 
 Principal Relationships 
 Responsible for: 
No direct reports. 
 Internal: 
BTG leadership and associates worldwide 
 External: 
Employees, vendors, customers 
 Education and Experience 
Demonstrated relevant Executive Administrative Assistant experience in more than 2 professional post supporting senior executives 
Eight years or more administrative support experience with a minimum of five years executive level support preferred 
Expertise in Microsoft Office, including PowerPoint presentation creation, intermediate Excel spreadsheet proficiency, and document creation and editing within Word 
Bachelor’s degree / some college preferred 
Skills and Attributes 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Superior business judgment, problem-solving, project management capabilities 
Work with minimal supervision with wide latitude for independent judgment 
Highly organized with an ability to manage and prioritize work load in a proactive manner, providing feedback on progress and priority issues. Ability to multi-task and manage a diverse mix of issues, responsibilities and challenges 
Exceptional ethical standards and the ability to be very discrete in the handling of confidential and privileged information 
Ability to apply common sense to make independent decisions in accordance with knowledge of the business and those supported. Initiates, embraces and facilitates process improvements and proactively assists in translating change throughout the organization 
Overall demeanour that is consistently calm, professional, warm and approachable 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
