Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 20-337 Child and Youth Care Replacement Worker (Casual) 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 20-337 Child and Youth Care Replacement Workers 
 FSCD and High Risk Group Care Programming 
 Are you looking for a career that can make a difference in the life of children in need? Put your passion for working with children and youth within our community towards a rewarding opportunity with Catholic Social Services as a Child and Youth Care Worker! 
 We are recruiting for multiple casual replacement worker positions to join our dynamic and talented team! This is a casual position. 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 “As a Catholic social services agency, we are guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect.” 
 Program Overview: 
As a Replacement Worker within our FSCD and High Risk programs, you will work with clients in multiple programs by delivering support and care to the clients we serve. Catholic Social Services provides extensive group care and emotional supports for children, youth and adults experiencing developmental disabilities. 
 About the Role: 
We are seeking dedicated professional caregivers to work within these supportive settings. You are responsible for evaluating the needs of clients, implementing service plans, facilitating client contact and home visits, and maintaining medical records and appointments. Building meaningful relationships with clients and the community makes you an effective member of a team dedicated to client care. Successful applicants will be conscientious, resourceful, team-oriented and flexible. Experience working with individuals with developmental disabilities, challenging behavior or high risk, is preferred. 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A Diploma/Degree in Human Services (or equivalent) 
Experience working with high risk youth/adults and/or clients with developmental disabilities is an asset 
Police Information Check including vulnerable sector search, Intervention Record Check must be current within six (6) months 
A reliable vehicle and Driver's Abstract with less than six (6) demerit points current within one (1) year are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate 
 Your ability to execute creative service plans for children and youth in group care, strong written and oral communication abilities along with your well-developed supervision and program implementation skills support you in this important role. 
 The ideal candidate will have an organized and compassionate approach to the work, strong teamwork skills, and a commitment to developing positive supporting relationships. Other qualifications include: 
 Must be available to work 40 hrs/month minimum to a maximum of 40 hrs/week 
Must be available to work two weekends in a month 
Must be willing to work 8 stats in a year 
 Must be flexible to work:  day/evening/ overnights 
Must be available to work two overnight shifts in a month 
Proven ability to provide effective communication, collaboration, crisis intervention, and conflict management with clients 
Demonstrated assessment, problem solving, and critical thinking skills 
Demonstrated knowledge of developmental disabilities, strength based and resiliency focused assessments 
Knowledge of community resources is an asset 
Intermediate competency with Microsoft Office and other Agency computer applications 
Demonstrated ability to act with professionalism, confidentiality, and diplomacy 
Proven case documentation and effective information reporting practices 
 Compensation: 
The salary for this position is $22.63 to $25.46 per hour based on qualifications and experience. We offer flexibility and supportive working environment. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-337. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
 We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
