Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Caring Personal Support Workers (PSWs) needed! 
 Nurse Next Door 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 **  We are Hiring new team members to provide facility staffing. ** 
 **  NURSE NEXT DOOR is looking for some amazing PSWs ASAP! We are looking to hire members to work at local facilities (Retirement Homes and LTC). ** 
 ·  Choose your own schedule - Flexible hours of your choice, shifts ranging from 3 to 12 hours. 
 ·  Work in a dynamic facility environment while still reporting to our Nurse Next Door management team! 
 ·  Pay rate - $18 to $21/hr 
 With the current environment surrounding COVID-19 local Retirement Homes and Long Term Care facilities need our help. We are looking for passionate caregivers to play integral roles in helping our community move forward. Your safety is the uppermost priority and you will be able to provide care in a safe environment with the appropriate PPE and measures to maintain a safe environment 
 Are you a warm, caring individual passionate about making a difference in the lives of seniors? Would you like a flexible work schedule that fits with the other priorities in your life? Nurse Next Door is looking for YOU! 
 Reasons why  YOU  should work with Nurse Next Door: 
 
 
 Fully accredited company with exemplary standing 
 
 
 Work as you wish and accept only offers you like on our Alayacare App 
 
 
 24/7 Care Services center you can access to cancel your visit, get more support during your one-on-one visit 
 
 
 Approachable and friendly management team 
 
 
 On-going training and No minimum or weekend requirements 
 
 
 About Nurse Next Door 
 Nurse Next Door is one of the fastest growing home care providers across North America. At Nurse Next Door we believe seniors can stay at home. We are dedicated to delivering flexible, affordable care options to help seniors stay independent.  We Make Lives Better  everyday for our clients and staff by living through our 4 core values: 
 
 Admire People 
 WOW Customer Experience 
 Finding a Better Way 
 Passionate about Making a Difference 
 
 Our care team, made up of companions, personal support workers (PSW), nursing students, registered practical nurses (RPN) and registered nurses (RN), are our lifeblood! We wouldn’t be able to make so many lives better if it weren’t for the incredible caregivers working together with a shared passion and purpose. It’s how we help our clients stay happier and healthier. 
 About the Role 
 As a casual part-time caregiver you will join a team of PSWs in the facility. Your responsibilities may include; providing companionship to clients, assisting clients with activities of daily living, light meal preparation, light housekeeping and delivering professional care consistent with the client specific care plan. 
 Qualifications 
 
 2 professional references 
 Criminal Record Check with a Vulnerable Sector Check 
 Recent negative TB test or Chest X-ray 
 Applicable registrations and certifications 
 Ability to travel to the facility on a daily basis 
 
 Interviews takes place over the phone or Google Meets! 
 We have currently transitioned to virtual interview practices to ensure we are able to connect with you quickly and in accordance with social distancing protocols. 
 If you hold yourself to high standards, and have a passion for helping others, we’d love to hear from you. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $18.00-$21.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Night shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our Caregivers safe, we provide a full PPE kit. 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
