  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 WordPress 
 
 WordPress Freelance Jobs From Argentina 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  WordPress Developers  from  Argentina 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/argentina/wordpress) 
 3 months ago 
 Kajabi education platform 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 6 
 Hi do you have a portfolio where we can see your work? We are looking for someone to design our Kajabi landing page.  Its for an educational course. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 Published by:  A. J. Last reply: 2 months ago  Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 months ago 
 Web Developer 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 12 
 We are hiring! #webdeveloper 
 Join us and help us promote climate action 
 The objective of this consultancy is supporting the Climate Change Unit meeting its growing needs for high-quality web platforms, boosting its digital positioning and helping to spread its work to fight climate change. 
 · We are looking for Web developer/software developer 
· The candidate will mainly design, program, track and provide support of new platforms and websites that promote climate change initiatives. 
· Home Based 
· 12-month contract 
 Main Requirements: 
 · Confident in Spanish and English 
· At least 3 years of relevant experience in designing, coding, testing, and maintaining web platforms/websites. 
· Ability to deal with both front-end and back-end aspects of a website is required. 
 · Knowledge of UX design and human-computer interaction best practices will be highly valued. 
 Further information and application:  http://bit.ly/webdevun 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  S. A. Argentina 
 Over USD 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Webpage development 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 29 
 I need help to fix and change my existign wordpress webpage incorporating sales page and ecommerce paltform and also a course platform , optimization of the website , wireframes, interface edition , captch and also multilingual interface 
 thanks 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Other (Other APIs), Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  C. Last reply: 3 months ago  Argentina 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 4 months ago 
 Vue responsive front-end developer 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 2 
 I am looking for a Vue front-end developer to improve the design of both mobile and desktop of an online store, the base of the store is already developed and it would be necessary to improve some components 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. G. Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 I need a Wordpress developer to help complete my website 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 25 
 My business is mainly wholesale and retail of bakery ingredients and tools. 
I have purchased a domain and a theme to build a wordpress website. 
I wanted to build it nyself but unable to proceed due to lack of knowledge in the field. 
 I want my website to be an ecommerce website with checkout and all. 
I need help for that  https://bit.ly/2ESgTeg 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  L. Argentina 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 5 months ago 
 Bigcommerce Shop customization 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 5 
 Hello. We have a BigCommerce store, with a customized theme. We need to make some changes on the theme and further customization. 
Like adding the selection button for a second language, having the menus and buttons in a different language, making the search box bigger, optimizing some design details in both desktop and responsive versions, making a deep SEO, and some other changes. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 Published by:  L. Last reply: 5 months ago  Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 months ago 
 Create or customize a Dynamic Product Table plugin for Wcfm Marketp... 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I am creating a Marketplace using the WCFM plugin for WooCommerce. 
If you get involved in the project, you'll be tasked with developing a product table (PT) that will allow customers to purchase their groceries in a seamless way from each individual store, as if they where looking at a restaurant menu cart. 
 Lets get into the specifics of what we need: 
 - Our focus is based in four type of stores: butcheries, green-groceries, bakeries and groceries. 
- Our marketplace is based on the WCFM plugin for WooCommerce. 
- WCFM creates the vendors profiles as authors. 
 - The PT will need to dynamically populate each vendor's products as the Vendor Store Page is a template we've created and customized. 
- The PT will need to display different product attributes as a drop down. We need the purchase experience to keep the customer on the products listing as they add them to their cart and continue shopping. 
 - It is only possible to place and order from one store at a time, there is no product browsing by store. 
- Some Products can be purchased by weight, others by quantity. The PT needs to adapt accordingly. 
We are using the officially WooCommerce supported plugin: Measurement Price Calculator to add attributes to each product. 
- The PT will need an ajax search option as the ones offered in WordPress, for quick product search. 
- The marketplace wesbite already exists and we've been working on it using Local, there is no URL currently as it's not live. 
 - WCFM in installed and running. 
- I specifically need a dynamic product table that will use categories and products already created or new ones. 
- The table can be reconfigured at will, choosing to include or remove columns/change their names/label colors, 
- The table will be insterted either using a shortcode or php in a Wordpress template page (Vendor Store Page). 
We are using Elementor currently and the template we have uses the Elementor addon from WCFM. 
- The table will ONLY show current Vendor products when customer clicks on vendor store page. 
- Ideally the candidate has previous experience in WordPress Marketplaces and adapting WCFM functionalities. 
 Possible solution: 
Out of all the plugins we've searched and tried, including some Elementor addons, what comes closer to our need is the Barn2 WooCommerce product table. According to their website it may be possible to adapt their plugin with some custom coding:  https://barn2.co.uk/woocommerce-multi-vendor-marketplace-plugin/ 
Another possible solution would be a customization of the WooCommerce Product Table by WooBeWoo 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Experience in this type of projects  : No (I haven’t managed this kind of project before) 
 Published by:  M. C. Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
