WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Level Designer 
 Artery Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We’re seeking a Level Designer to help build custom 2D worlds used for multi-user online social spaces and events in  Bramble , a new platform for online gathering. 
 ‍ 
 We're proud to say that you've never seen anything like Bramble. And you'll know how to use it in seconds. It's a rare opportunity to work on something totally intuitive and totally new. 
 The product is a social, live streaming experience specifically built for intimate cultural events and gatherings. While video game or teleconferencing product experience is handy, we’re seeking designers who want to apply those skills outside of those contexts. This is a social world, not a game or another video call app. 
 You’ll work with a great technical team, two incredibly talented illustrators, a deeply curious experience designer, as well as the artists, community builders and passionate developers that make up the rest of our team. The community we empower is a wonderfully eclectic group of organizers, performers and generally fascinating people and you’ll be building for them. 
 ‍ 
 Bramble is built by  Artery , a community and platform for connecting people through intimate cultural experiences. 
 If this piques your interest, definitely get in touch. We'd love to hear from you! 
 A variation of this role is available to contractors as well. If interested, please mention this in your application. 
 ‍ 
 About you 
 
 A minimum of one shipped title or product as a level designer. 
 2+ years of solid level design experience. 
 Good knowledge of a wide spectrum of level design concepts, including creating dimensional and spatial levels in a 2D environment. 
 The ability to create digital social spaces that are aesthetically compelling and promote immersive experiences. 
 Familiarity with 2D level editing tools, either with products or internally developed for previous projects-- Familiarity with  Tiled Editor  is a big plus. 
 The ability to create exceptional content for target audiences. This means being able to set yourself aside when necessary, aiming to engage and delight the audience. 
 Experience helping to define and improve the pipeline and process for assets with artists and engineers, speaking fluently about tool and process tradeoffs. 
 Experience writing specifications for workflows as well as new world features. 
 Experience communicating across creative and technical disciplines. 
 
 ‍ 
 Ideally you have: 
 
 Curiosity and initiative that leads to constantly improving processes for creating levels / worlds, and innovative design direction for those worlds. 
 Ability to work independently to produce high quality work within timeframes. 
 Experience working with HTML5 based game engines. 
 
 ‍ 
 What’s in it for you? 
 You will be creating scalable social infrastructure for cultures, communities and cities around the world. 
 
 Our team is supportive, diverse and passionate. As an early stage product, the potential for leadership and growth is wide open. 
 A culture of values-driven technology. 
 Competitive salary, flexible hours and meaningful equity (stock options for f/t ) 
 Behind the scenes access to every Artery showcase and festival. 
 And more! Come talk to us. 
 
 ‍ 
 Working at Artery 
 We want to be a place where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, stay and do their best work. We’re fully focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different. 
 If you’re looking to join a rapidly growing, inclusive and mission-driven team, with a differentiating technology, please get in touch. 
 ‍ 
 Bramble Press 
 ‍   Bramble and the House of Yes | House of Hallucinations   by Maceo Bastien, Flaunt.com 
 2020 has been scary and depending on how today’s election goes, it may get even scarier, which is exactly why I was very open to taking a digital acid trip at the "House of Hallucinations.” The evening was powered by  Bramble —a new multi-person digital platform that customizes worlds that come alive for online parties by  Artery — and curated by  House of Yes  as part of their ongoing digital programming while their Brooklyn club is closed due to the pandemic. 
 Thanks to this new tech, my avatar self spent this Halloween with interdimensional go-go dancers, clowns, and lime green jelly fish while dancing to trippy DJ sets in a dystopian jungle with multiple realms. Instead of feeling stuck in another tetris-like Zoom event, I felt like I was playing Animal Crossing: Rave Edition. In the House of Hallucinations, I effortlessly moved between conversations, stumbled on live performances, and was serenaded by a big baby. (You had to see it to have been there.) 
 Bramble just may be the “new normal” of nightlife and it arrived in the nick of time. 
 ‍ 
 House of Hallucinations  powered by Bramble 
 ‍ 
 “Creative spaces like ours — spaces that bring people together to experience art — are on hiatus, and yet the creative communities of these spaces are still seeking a way to connect. With the support of nascent platforms like Bramble, we’re able to bring our programming to the virtual realm, which allows us to discover new ways of making friends, presenting performances and engaging with our audience”  says House of Yes Co-Founder Kae Burke . 
 “We wanted to reimagine how technology could make online gatherings more joyful and more human.” said  Bramble and Artery Co-Founders Salimah Ebrahim and Vladic Ravich . “We’ve organized thousands of intimate gatherings in real life before the pandemic and that’s given us a unique perspective on what was missing from the current tools that people are using to connect online.” 
 ‍ 
 About Artery 
 Artery is a community and platform designed to bring people together for intimate cultural experiences. Last year, our community co-created over 1,200 intimate performances using the platform, with thousands of paying attendees every month. 
 Artery allows anyone to open their private spaces and self-organize intimate performances (music, dance, theatre, food, wellness, talks) that happen in their living rooms, backyards and storefronts. The concept is as old as sitting around a fire, but technology has allowed us to scale this like never before. Our mission is to help people feel connected to their neighbors and community by experiencing the cultural life of their cities up close. 
 During the coronavirus pandemic, Artery is applying its expertise in intimate gatherings to build  Bramble -- a more human platform for online social and culture gathering. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Design Researcherto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKDesign ResearcherTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Megagon Industries is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLevel DesignerMegagon Industries | AnywhereLearn More 
 Double Loop Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerDouble Loop Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
