WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Lead Artist 
 Fast Travel Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 4, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Stockholm, SE 
 Remote 
 We are a VR game developer based in Stockholm, founded by industry veterans, creating games set in beautiful rich worlds, full of immersion and where great narratives have a natural home. 
 Fast Travel Games are the developers of  Apex Construct  &  The Curious Tale of the Stolen Pets  , and the co-developers of  Budget Cuts 2: Mission Insolvency . Right now we’re working on horror game  Wraith: The Oblivion – Afterlife  , and are in the starting phase of several exciting new projects and we need your help! 
 At FTG you will enjoy a creative, challenging and collaborative environment where your ideas will be every bit as valued as your art skills. You will also play a significant role in shaping and building the studio culture. We’re a small team, but several of us have a lot of experience and we believe a sane work-life balance is paramount for building great games. Our office is in Stockholm, Sweden. 
 You are used to working with tasks spanning from high level planning of projects, to breaking tasks down and guiding the art team to deliver the vision set out. You take pride in working with a team of programmers, artists and designers to make the game look AND play as good as it can with considerations to hardware limitations, and always take a holistic view of the entire game when weighing what is most important for the finished experience.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Your responsibilities will include 
 
 Working with art team, defining goals and milestones, breaking down art tasks and helping team deliver to is full potential 
 Working with our Creative Director to expand on artistic vision for current and future IPs 
 Guiding and mentoring art staff 
 Recruiting new artists to Fast Travel Games 
 Creating 3D Art assets, to the degree that time allows  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Qualifications 
 
 Has previously worked in a leadership role at a game development studio 
 A great fundamental artistic knowledge and skill. You care deeply about composition, shapes and color. 
 4+ years of experience in the games industry. 
 Proficiency in current gen industry-standard tools and workflows, like Maya, Blender, Substance Painter, Zbrush etc. 
 Optimization and technical budgets in mind while working. 
 A great judgement on where to put the time and effort in a project. 
 Passion for gaming and VR. 
 You’re located in Stockholm, or willing to relocate  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 These are a plus  : 
 
 Can deliver realism as well as stylized art. 
 Several shipped titles. Not necessarily in VR, but that would of course be great 🙂 
 Strong Unreal knowledge. 
 Strong technical skills. 
 
 ‍ 
 We strongly encourage women to apply! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Life at Fast Travel Games 
 We believe that great things happen when working in small, autonomous creative teams that control the whole process – from idea to finished result. We value your free time and your need to refuel, relax and find inspiration – by playing games with your colleagues, being at home with your family or going to the gym or out for a run. We believe that what you do at your spare time is yours, including game related side projects. That’s how we stay creative. 
 ‍ 
 About Our Next Game, Wraith: The Oblivion - Afterlife 
 Even the dead are terrified inside the Barclay Mansion. As a Wraith, use your supernatural powers to unravel its secrets and hide from the sinister Spectres. Afterlife is a first person VR horror exploration game set in the World of Darkness universe. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Fast Travel Games  ‍ 
 Fast Travel Games is a VR games studio focused on exploring VR gameplay experiences rich in social and storytelling components. The Stockholm, Sweden-based company was founded in 2016 by industry leading veterans with a proven history of creating the world’s most immensely popular games the likes of Angry Birds 2, Mirror’s Edge and the Battlefield series as leaders at global games studios Rovio, EA, DICE and elsewhere. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
