  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 WordPress 
 
 WordPress Freelance Jobs From Mexico 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  WordPress Developers  from  Mexico 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/mexico/wordpress) 
 5 days ago 
 Wordpress rsvp plugin 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 3 
 Need a plugin to be built to rsvp 
Need to add a list o guests, then when this guest rsvp it shouldn't be showed again in the list of possible guests 
similar to this  https://rsvpproplugin.com/ 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Custom development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. P. Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 1 week ago 
 Plugin Wp Hide / Appear Some Fields Before / After Paiement. 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 4 
 Good day, 
 plugin wp hide / appear some fields before / after paiement. 
 Looking for a strong technician wordpress webmaster to develop a tailor-made plugin for Wordpress / Woocommerce. 
 Your plugin will : 
 1. hide some product fields before paiement, when product is published. 
2. Send all fields details to product's buyer right after paiement is validated. 
 Your plugin MUST : 
 - Resist Wordpress / PHP 8 and Later 'core' updates. 
- Use a language well known around the world. 
 Hope your proposition. 
 Regards, 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  O. G. Last reply: 5 days ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Real Expert on Wordpress/ Elementor + Seo + Speed improvement + Goo... 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 Speed up da and pa 
ranking in serp features 
good multi-language implementation 
meta tags and description and also xml sitemaps 
minimize the page reload time 
resize of images used 
css and js files on the website 
minimizing the http requests. 
amount of time your DNS lookup 
Google Crawling 
Schema mark-ups 
Keywords 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  B. Last reply: 7 hours ago  Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Leads Distribution Tailor-made Wordpress Plugin 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 6 
 Good day, 
 leads management / leads distribution to third parties btob 
 looking for a strong technician wordpress webmaster to develop a tailor-made solution into  meilleurlead.pro  Wordpress website. 
 CONTEXT : 
 1. Some Contact-Forms from various websites collect LEADS (Internautes willing to invest money or insure something). 
2. The New collected lead is published into the BtoB plateform; Some fields are hidden until paiement. 
3. Buyers/ companies receive alerts via email once lead is published. 
4. Buyer pays a lead 'one shot' 'live' , or, 
4 bis. Buyer can also credits its account into the Plateform. 
5. Buyer receives email with all lead details indicated + invoice PDF after paiement successfull. 
6. Platform Administrador can accept-create-modifiy Company-buyer. 
6. Platform Administrador can modifiy price of a lead; this sends an email notification as well. 
7. Possibility to refund a lead if company-buyer asks. 
 tailor made wordpress plugin features 'core' 
(with or without woocommerce) 
(with or without acf) 
(with or without easydigitaldownloads) 
(other solution you webmaster might propose to us). 
 Ad-Create-Modify leads or companies from the admin area 
 Accept, reject or delete companies, 
Only Registered companies can purchase leads into the plateform, 
Registered companies can see their order history. 
Plugin sends emails when companies are submitted, accepted or rejected, 
 Take payments via Stripe, Revolut, Paypal, Others. 
Take payments ‘on account’ (recharged an account), 
Set the number of times a leads can be sold, 
Set the price a lead is sold at, might be different prices, 
 Plugin hides some lead details BEFORE paiement; 
Plugin shows all lead details to company who just bought a lead; 
 Plugin sends email alert when a new lead is submitted-published into the platform, 
Plugin sends an email alert if the price of an already lead is modify-discounted, 
 Plugin sends emails when a company purchases a lead, with automatic invoice PDF, 
 Offer refund to company-buyer if it is asked. 
 opcional features 
 simple form builder for creating lead capture forms 'embed' into the leads generators-adcquistions wordpress websites. 
 Hope your proposition. 
 Regards, 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  O. G. Last reply: Last month  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 3 months ago 
 Create a Marketplace Platform like Airbnb,Amazon 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 8 
 I'm looking a team to help me to create a Marketplace platform, something similar Amazon/ Uber,  inicially for a target market but with the option to scale the project 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Design a landing page, Designer 
 Published by:  M. R. Mexico 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 months ago 
 Simple Css needs 
 Published: 3 months ago  Deadline: 2 Bids: 13 
 My needs require: 
- change style/fonts in woocommerce pages 
- add pickup options 
- delivery radius for 4 restaurants 
- whatsapp alert setup for each new order 
- limit capacity of deliveries per the hour per location 
 Tambien hablo español 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Plugin installation 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Last reply: 3 months ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 months ago 
 Project yabla 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 10 
 
 
 need to have my website capable of receiving sign ups and payments. 
 
 
 I need help with some of the advanced configuration in pipedrive, example: chat nos, web form, workflow etc. I have configured all of the pipeline applications however. 
 
 
 I need help with setting up a campaign using outtunnel integration with pipeline 
 
 
 I need help finding a good source of email addresses in Mexico to use for the campaign. 
 
 
 This is urgent and need completed by 12 de October 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Project manager, Developer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  A. S. Last reply: 3 months ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
