
 About 
 
  Life in Transition  
 Navigating Personal Finances During Life Transitions 
  23 Jul 2012  
 5 Comments 
 The Job Search & Interviews 
 I've been really busy lately studying for my midterm and catching up on all the papers that I have to turn in each week. On top of that, I've been recovering from a minor scooter accident (I'm going to let my husband drive it from now on). But, there is some good things happening during this season of busyness: I had two interviews! 
 I've been looking for a new job for quite some time. The work environment where I am is pretty toxic. There's a lot of distrust between my boss and the employees in general. There's a lot of backstabbing and drama between the employees. On top of that, money is constantly being mismanaged. 
 The two interviews are for extremely different jobs. The first one I interviewed for is in the financial sector. If I get the job, I would be working with investment portfolios. It's an entry level job, but there is a lot of potential for advancement in the company. During the second interview with this company, I learned that everyone who interviewed for the internship position wasn't available to work in the specific time slot that they are needed. So, they asked me if I would be interested in the intern position if it led to a full-time job. I went ahead and said yes, even though I would get paid $2/hr less than I do now and have no benefits. 
 The second interview is with another small biotech company. The way it's set up is like the one I work at now, but it actually has a product out and has a source of revenue. I learned about the company through one of my really good college friends, whose mom and dad both work for the company. For this job, I would be working in a clinical lab 70% of the time and doing administrative work about 30% of the time. 
 I am not exactly sure how the interviews went. I always try to prepare answers to common questions, but there always seem to be one that I'm completely unprepared for. At this point, I am trying not to over analyze everything and just hope for the best. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Life 
 Single Post Navigation 
 <- Older Entry 
 Newer Entry -> 
 5 thoughts on "The Job Search & Interviews" 
 
 SavvyFinancialLatina  on  July 23, 2012 at 9:29 AM  said: 
 
 Good luck! 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 bogofdebt  on  July 23, 2012 at 2:03 PM  said: 
 
 Good luck! Sending good thoughts your way. 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Emily @ evolvingPF  on  July 23, 2012 at 6:02 PM  said: 
 
 Congrats and best of luck! 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Call Me What You Want Even Cheap  on  July 24, 2012 at 9:10 AM  said: 
 
 I hope you get one of the two jobs. It's always exciting going for interviews. The wait for a phone call after the interview is what has always been grueling for me. My current job didn't call me back for two in half months after the interview. I was certain I didn't get the job before receiving the call. 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Leigh  on  July 24, 2012 at 11:09 AM  said: 
 
 Good luck! I hope you can get out of the toxic work environment - those always drive everything in your life nuts. 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Spending Report: June-July 2012 
 Weighing the Offer 
 The Job Search & Interviews 
 What the Obmamacare Supreme Court Ruling Means For Me 
 Tips for Selling Your Wedding Dress 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2012  (4) 
 June 2012  (10) 
 May 2012  (9) 
 April 2012  (11) 
 March 2012  (7) 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Budget  (3) 
 College  (3) 
 Financial Milestones  (1) 
 Financial Snapshot  (3) 
 Income  (1) 
 Life  (3) 
 Random  (2) 
 Saving  (2) 
 Spending  (7) 
 Taxes  (2) 
 Transitions  (1) 
 Uncategorized  (2) 
 Wedding  (7) 
 Week-in-Review  (5) 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Add Vodka 
 Along for the Journey 
 Evolving Personal Finance 
 From Shopping to Saving 
 Little House in the Valley 
 Making Sense of Cents 
 My Alternate Life 
 Punch Debt in the Face 
 Small Budget Big Dreams 
 Well Heeled 
 Young Professional Finances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 budget   car   career   charitable giving   checking account   college   consequences   credit   credit cards   cutting costs   decisions   dress   emergency fund   entertainment   flowers   food   goals   healthcare   housing   insurance   invitations/stationery   joint accounts   marriage   milestones   moving   music   necessities   net woth   pay-it-forward   paycheck   peer-to-peer renting   post office   prom   reception   resident assistant   retirement   reward points   saving   savings   scholarships   scooter   selling   spending   taxes   to-do list   transportation   venue   wedding 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
