Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 9 Oct  2012 
 Full-Time Junior Client Manager 
 Investis Flife -  Espoo  , Uusimaa, Finland 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 Investis is the leading specialists in providing online corporate communications services to Europe's public companies. 
 We have offices in the UK, India, Germany, Finland and Italy and we have 250 staff and we're growing! 
 Excellent client service is what Investis is all about, and in this role you will be responsible for making sure that clients always want to come back for more, transforming dissatisfied clients into happy ones, and indifferent clients into our biggest fans! You will need to use your experience of what a fantastic client experience looks and feels like to ensure Investis is consistently delivering the best service in the marketplace. 
 The role:  An opportunity has arisen to join the Investis Team as a Junior Client Manager in our Finland office. This is a fantastic role based in Espoo working with a committed and international team of account managers, producers, designers and developers (among others) to support our Nordic clients across a range of investor tools and feeds, corporate websites, applications and apps. Working within Investis Client Services you will have responsibility for our Nordic clients' experience of our service and support.In this capacity you will: 
 
 Manage (in collaboration with our tools and feeds production team) requests, issue resolution and queries through our support address. These will largely be connected to our range of Investor tools and feeds products. You will also be expected to occasionally manage projects of new product builds. 
 Support our existing client manager (in collaboration with our website production team) managing a number of websites.This will include proactively helping clients to plan for and manage sensitive updates such as results days or AGMs. 
 Support clients in their use of the Investis SelfServe interface. This may include answering questions or providing basic training on using the CMS. You will work internally with our production teams as well as our other European offices, especially Germany. This is a very client-facing role and you will be expected to be extremely responsive with good levels of communication. You may also be called upon to perform other ad hoc duties related to the role including occasional administration work, meeting clients and supporting our Sales team in their activities. 
 
 Core capabilities and experience: 
 
 Excellent customer service and support. A client-focused attitude is an absolute must as is the ability to forge strong and long-lasting relationships with our client base. 
 Good management skills. Experience of managing small (to large scale) projects would be a plus. 
 Good team player with the ability to work with remote teams (any experience of working with teams remotely will be a distinct advantage). 
 Able to work independently and prioritize work 
 good time management is essential as is the ability to multi-task. 
 A knowledge of the online environment is essential and technical (development) skills with web technologies (html, css, php etc.) are beneficial as well as knowledge of using CMS. 
 Excellent communication (oral and written) skills.  English and Finnish are essentials and also Swedish skills are valuable. 
 Interest and knowledge of the Investor Relations environment and how financial data is presented is an advantage as well as experience of corporate communications 
 Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to stay calm under pressure . 
 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Finance Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 1052 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 26 Jan  2021
2. Type
Freelance
Job
 Spare Seller,fi 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 5 Dec  2013
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Product Consultant 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 4 Mar  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Types of work that you can find in Finland 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1298](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
