CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: New Job Opportunities  |  Local Talent  |  Training & Higher Education  |  Employer Workforce Support 
   
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Find A Job **** 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Education / Training 
 Internships 
 Employer Directory 
 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 
 
 Search For Talent 
 
 
 Workforce Resources **** 
 
 Events Calendar 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 News 
 Employer Workforce Support 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Oh snap! 
 This form seems to be invalid :( 
 Yay! 
 Everything seems to be ok :) 
   
 Leasing Specialist 
 [ 
 The Domain Companies 
 ](/employer/view/183326) 
 Posted 12/30/2020 
 Job Filled 
 DETAILS 
 __ Orleans 
 __ Full-Time 
 __ Experienced 
 __ Real Estate 
 __ Other Office and Administrative Support Workers 
 __ Benefits not specified 
 About The Domain Companies 
             The Domain Companies is one of the nation’s preeminent real estate investment and development firms. Our passion lies in creating the highest-quality properties that stand apart through innovative design and exceptional management. The unique skills and experience of our people and the driven entrepreneurial spirit of our organization enable us to recognize opportunity and succeed in any market. The result is the creation of more than premier properties - it is the evolution and enhancement of communities in which we build.     Domain is committed to achieving award-winning excellence in every project we undertake. From master planning to architectural and interior design, the attention to detail and quality of our projects is unparalleled. Our developments are planned in close collaboration with our neighbors and maximize environmentally sensitive and sustainable design. At the core of our mission, our long term approach to development allows for the vision to create true value and ensure that our projects lay the foundation from which future progress is made.     Domain’s access to capital and financial creativity allow us to capitalize on opportunity where others cannot. Our expertise in utilizing a full spectrum of financial structures, from private equity to the most complex government-sponsored programs, allows us to consistently innovate and adapt these tools to ever changing markets. As a fully-integrated organization, we are able to control the entire development process from start to finish and draw from the expertise of each of our divisions.     Giving back to the communities in which we build stands at the heart of our culture. Our connection to our employees, partners, residents and neighbors results in a commitment to our communities extending far beyond our property lines.     Excellence. Innovation. Experience. Persistence. These are the qualities that keep neighborhoods, communities, and governments looking to Domain to solve their development challenges. They are the qualities that continue to make people want to call our properties their home.                         
 
 To learn more about the employer visit their  profile . 
 CONTACT 
 1100 Girod St 
 New Orleans, LA, 70113 
 SIMILAR JOBS 
 There are no similar jobs in the system. 
 For Seekers 
 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Internships 
 Employers 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 For Employers 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 Talent Directory 
 
 Other 
 
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Events Calendar 
 FAQ 
 Contact Us 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 Product of GNO Inc. 
 Greater New Orleans, Inc. is a regional economic development alliance serving the 10-parish region of Southeast Louisiana. 
 Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
