
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 
 12 Important Questions To Ask Before Accepting A Job   
 Job Search 
 Congratulations, you’ve just received a job offer. But…there are still little butterflies of doubt in your stomach. How can you be sure that this offer is “the one” you’ve been waiting for? There are many factors to consider when considering a new position, so we’ve put together a list of questions to ask before accepting a new job. 
 Confirm The Basics 
 1. When do you need my answer? 
 Find out how much time you have to make a decision. A day? A week? Once you have a timeline, tell the hiring manager that you are considering their offer and that you will have an answer by a certain day or time. Don’t take too much  time , though. The position isn’t going to be open forever, and if they have to wait on you they might decide to go with someone else. 
 2. What is my salary? 
 Depending on the position, the  salary  could be listed in the job description. Still, it’s good practice to confirm how much the job pays. It could be an important factor in your decision if the salary isn’t  competitive . 
 3. What is my job title? 
 Again, this is something that should be listed in the  job description . It’s always good to confirm. The last thing you want is to be hired for a position you didn’t know you applied for. 
 4. Who is my supervisor? 
 It’s good to know right off the bat who you’re accountable to and who can answer questions during your first few days on the job. Your  relationship with your supervisor  can make or break any job. Do your best to get off on the right foot. 
 5. How do personal days and sick days work? 
 What if a family emergency comes up and you have to miss work? You don’t want to find out later that you aren’t allotted any personal days. Some organizations require a doctor’s note before you can take a sick day. Of course, you can’t plan for family emergencies or getting sick, but knowing these details ahead of time means you don’t have to worry about figuring it out last minute. 
 6. When would I start and what is my schedule? 
 Don’t leave any detail to figure out later. Confirm your start day and what time your shift starts. Missing your first day is a bad  first impression  on your co-workers. 
 Questions For Job Success 
 7. What is the training timeline? 
 You need to know about how much time  training  will take and what’s involved. This way, you can keep yourself on track and evaluate your own progress. Shortening the time to overall competency will make a great impression on your supervisors and managers. 
 9. What do my everyday responsibilities look like? 
 Before you accept the job, you should know what your responsibilities will be. Benjamin Franklin had something simple, yet profound to say about preparation: “By failing to prepare, you are preparing for failure.” Read the job description and ask questions during the interview. Make sure you know what you’re getting into. This will help you  prepare  more fully for your new position and give you a head start on making this opportunity a success. 
 8. How is my success evaluated? 
 Avoid further confusion by asking what a “successful” day looks like for someone in your position. Is it packing a certain number of orders? Helping customers find what they’re looking for? Find out how success is measured and do your best to exceed those expectations. 
 10. What are the biggest challenges for people starting out in my role? 
 If you’ve already got your eye on a  promotion , this is a great strategic question. This will give you a preview of the common pitfalls and help you avoid them. 
 11. What’s the company culture like? 
 Your new job should be a place where you can fit in and support the company’s values. Does the company make an effort to be responsible with their resources and give back to the community? At the very least, you want to work for a company that’s  stable  and will be able to keep you employed. 
 12. What opportunities are available for growth? 
 The question on every  temp worker’s  mind… can I turn this position into a long term career? Many times, the answer is yes! Asking this question before you accept the job lets your employer know that you’re on the lookout for a long term position. And hopefully, they’ll be able to tell from all the other questions you asked that you are ready and willing to  work hard  to succeed. 
 Find Your Next Job With Workbox Staffing! 
 Here at Workbox Staffing, we know that finding a new job can be stressful. We’re here to make your job search as simple and stress-free as possible. We’re not your typical employment agency. Our professional recruiters take time to understand your skills, your goals, and your personality. We make sure the job is the right fit before it’s offered.  Apply today, and find your next job! 
 November 5, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/man-sitting-at-desk.jpg 2000 4000 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-11-05 08:00:552019-10-03 09:56:5912 Important Questions To Ask Before Accepting A Job 
 
 How to Excel in an Assembler Job: What Skills Should You Have?   
 Job Search 
 When you’re thinking about a new career, consider  becoming an assembler . Essentially, it’s your job to put together different parts of a product, whether it’s the whole final version or just a component. If this sounds intriguing, here are a  few skills you should have to excel in an assembler job . 
 Color vision 
 Unfortunately, if you are colorblind, you won’t be able to be an assembly worker. The ability to see colors is required in case the different components of the product, like tabs and wires, vary in their colors. 
 Be able to stay on feet for hours 
 In some cases, there may be a chair, but you need to be prepared to do your job standing up. In order to get all the pieces you need and assemble them as they come down the line, you need to be in a position to move and grab and put together, which usually cannot be effectively accomplished when sitting down. 
 Strength for lifting heavy components 
 Depending on what you’re assembling, the product may have heavy components. Even if you can lift it once, you have to consider lifting it piece after piece after piece as you work your shift. If this would be an issue, make sure you consider it when looking into certain assembler jobs. 
 Good dexterity 
 You need to work efficiently and smoothly on the line and clumsy fingers can hold you up. Occasional mistakes with your hands are normal and expected, but on the whole, you should be able to work quickly throughout the assembly process, easily finding where things align and getting them fastened without stumbling. 
 Skills to understand manuals and blueprints 
 Because your job is putting things together, you have to know how these things go together. While someone may be able to show you, it’s important you can look at the blueprints or manual when needed to figure it out for yourself. This sort of technical and mechanical job is essential to succeed as an assembler. 
 Jumpstart your job search 
 If you want to begin your career as an assembler, trust Workbox Staffing to make it happen. We’ll take the time to learn all about you and your skills and help advise you in the process. Then we’ll match with the best assembler opportunities in your area.  Request a call from us today  to begin your search for the perfect job. 
 
 October 30, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/How-to-Excel-in-an-Assembler-Job-What-SKills-Should-You-Have.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-10-30 11:00:442019-10-10 14:33:16How to Excel in an Assembler Job: What Skills Should You Have? 
 
 Career Tryouts: The Benefits of Temp to Hire   
 Job Search 
 There are many reasons for choosing a temp-to-hire position. Whether you’re  pursuing a degree  or want to make some extra money, many people find temporary jobs a convenient option. Temp-to-hire positions are also a great way to give a  long-term career  a short-term trial. After all, the more you know about a specific position, the easier it is for you to make a well-informed decision about your career. 
 We want to help you make the best possible career choice. Recruiters at Workbox Staffing take time to get to know you and your skills. We have many local connections and will guide you to employment options that fit your long-term goals. A temporary position is an excellent way to build your work experience and to see what kinds of careers are available to you. 
 Build Your Career With Temp To Hire 
 Making a career choice is stressful! How can you be sure you’re making the right move? Thankfully, temp work gives you the chance to try out different jobs without making a long-term commitment. It’s almost like deciding what sport you want to play in high school. Should you play football or soccer? Try them both and see. You may find that you enjoy more than one job. 
 Despite the low unemployment rate in the U.S., there is still a “ middle-skill ” gap. These jobs are ones that typically require more than a high school diploma, but less than a four year college degree. Examples include: manufacturing, industrial, clerical, and some healthcare positions. According to the  National Skills Coalition , middle-skilled jobs make up 53% of jobs in 2015. They also predict that  48% of all job openings until 2024  will be middle-skilled jobs. Since “middle-skill” jobs typically pay well and offer career opportunities, they are an excellent choice for those entering the workforce and for those looking for a new career. 
 Build Skills, Experience, Connections, And More! 
 Temporary positions allow you to do more than try out different jobs. You can also start building skills, gaining experience, and making professional connections.  Nine out of ten employees  said that temporary jobs made them more employable overall. 
 Another advantage is that a temporary job allows you to try out a specific employer. Let’s say you take a work assignment  verifying orders in a warehouse . After a few days on the job, you decide that you want to pursue this long-term. You love the fast-paced environment and strategically thinking about how to fill more orders in less time. However, you run into a problem. There aren’t any advancement opportunities with this particular company. 
 Thankfully, there’s an easy solution. The good news is that you are aren’t obligated to stay past your contract. More good news: you now have a direction for your future. And on top of that: you’ve gained skills and experience that make you more employable. It’s a win-win-win situation. 
 How To Turn Your Temporary Career Into a Permanent Position 
 So what do you do if you want to turn your temporary placement into a full-time job? The internet is full of advice on how to get from temp to full-time. But, the problem with these articles is that they over-complicate things. 
 We’re going to share a key piece of advice with you. Ready? To turn your temporary position into a full time opportunity—you have to actively show your employer that you are irreplaceable. 
 There are different ways to do this, but here is how it boils down: 
 Match your actions to your words. 
 It’s one thing to say you want the job…it’s another to demonstrate that you do. Showing that you practice what you preach demonstrates that you are a  reliable employee  who’s serious about your own personal success and the success of the company. 
 Show up on time. 
 You’d be amazed what a difference this makes! Consistently  arriving early  will make a good impression with your supervisors and demonstrate your willingness to work. 
 Take initiative. 
 Don’t wait around for things to happen. If you’ve caught up on all your assignments, ask your supervisor what else needs to be done. 
 Learn all you can. 
 Ask questions, take notes, soak up the knowledge.  Experience is experience , even if it doesn’t lead to a full-time position right away. 
 Ask for the job. 
 Come right out and ask! The worst that could happen is that they say no. Even then, you’re still coming away with more knowledge and experience than you had before. 
 Be patient. 
 It may take some time for a decision to be made. Until it is, keep up the  hard work ! 
 Try Out A Career With Workbox Staffing! 
 Are you looking to enter the workforce, but aren’t sure what kind of career is right for you? Do you want to switch careers, but have no idea where to start? A temp-to-hire position may be your solution! Workbox Staffing offers positions across a variety of industries. And because of our local connections, we have access to some of the best jobs in your area.  Give us a call  or  apply online  to find your next opportunity! 
 October 22, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/try-outs.jpg 800 1600 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-10-22 08:00:062020-02-13 10:45:45Career Tryouts: The Benefits of Temp to Hire 
 
 Applying for an Entry-Level Position? These Are Skills Employers are Looking For!   
 Job Search 
 It’s impossible to know exactly what each employer is looking for, whether you’re just starting out in your career or you’ve been working for decades. As an entry-level professional, however, it can be more daunting because you’re coming in with little to no experience. Instead of letting yourself be overwhelmed, consider these  important skills when applying for an entry-level position . 
 Good attitude 
 It would be hard for even the most qualified candidate to get hired without a positive attitude. Employers don’t want to hire grumps who are going to bring their negativity into the office. Practice viewing the glass as half full and see where this attitude can take you! 
 Communication skills 
 If you can’t communicate well, you likely won’t be a top candidate for a position. Both verbal and non-verbal communication plays a part in this as well. When you come into an interview, make sure you present yourself well and speak clearly. Avoid crossing your arms and other body language that can send the wrong message. Your interview is your chance to show that you can communicate, and you can do it well. 
 Ability to be organized 
 It’s true certain fields require more organization than others, but that doesn’t mean disorganization rules anywhere. You must find a system that works for you to make sure you can keep track of projects and meet your deadlines in a timely manner. If you aren’t organized, you can bring the team down. 
 This also extends to being organized with your time. In most workplaces, work hours are not a suggestion and lunch break aren’t negotiable every day. Punctuality is a key skill you don’t want to be overlooked in a position or let go. 
 Adaptability 
 How flexible are you? Things in the workplace will change and your employer will want to know you can change with them. Even if it’s not the easiest thing for you, be open to change when it happens. 
 Team player 
 If you can’t play nice with others, you aren’t really of value to the rest of your team. A lot of this comes down to your attitude and communication – make sure you aren’t assuming you’re better than others and watch your interactions. 
 Tech skills 
 On top of those soft skills, there are also hard skills when it comes to certain technologies. Software like Microsoft Office is used in most environments and being at least proficient in services like Word, PowerPoint, and Excel is essential. The ability to code using HTML/CSS and read analytics can give you a leg up in this digital world. 
 Find the job that’s perfect for you 
 We get how stressful the job search can be, which is why Workbox Staffing is here to help you. When you partner with us, we pair you with a personalized career coach that can connect you with the best possible positions in your area, no matter the industry.  Request a call today  to learn more about how Workbox can get your career started. 
 
 October 2, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Are-You-Documenting-Everything-as-a-Manager-Maybe-You-Should-Be.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-10-02 11:00:222019-10-30 14:02:24Applying for an Entry-Level Position? These Are Skills Employers are Looking For! 
 
 How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search   
 Job Search 
 When you’re ready for a new job, it can be tempting to just blast your resume out everywhere and hope for the best. This tactic seems wise because you’re giving yourself a lot of opportunities, but in reality, you could be wasting time and missing the right jobs. Here are a few ways to fine-tune your job search and give yourself the best chance at finding the perfect role for you. 
 Match Your Background and Interests 
 This seems obvious, but when you’re desperate for something new, it’s easy to compromise both what you can do and what you want to do. In order to find a role that truly works for you where you will be content, you want to make sure you’re qualified and actually want to do the work. 
 Take some time to consider what you’ve done before, what you can do, and what you want to do. Use that as your guide when go through job posting to give you the best chance of connecting with an opportunity that will work for you. 
 Network as Much as You Can 
 Both online and in-person networking can help lead you to the right role. You never know who you’re going to meet and what connection they have and how that might get you an interview at your dream company. Find events in your area created for professionals in your industry or even just a general networking opportunity. 
 Find people on LinkedIn that have a job you’re interested in or work at a company of interest to you. Don’t just add them to your network – start a conversation so you can learn more about what they do and how they like their roles. Not only are you growing your professional network, but you’re also growing as a professional. 
 Work With a Staffing Agency 
 Ultimately, one of the best ways to connect only with jobs that meet your skillset and interest is to have the help of a recruiter. They’ll know your field almost as well as you and work to connect you with the perfect opportunities. Plus, they’ll know about jobs you’ve never even seen, giving you an edge in your search. 
 If you’re looking for a career in manufacturing, warehouse operations, light industrial work, office or administrative help, then Workbox Staffing is the employment firm for you. We’ll pair you with a personalized career coach to make sure we know exactly what you can and want to do and work hard to make your dream a reality.  Find one of our locations near you  to get started 
 
 September 25, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Fine-Tune-Your-Job-Search.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-09-25 11:00:382019-09-26 14:37:11How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search 
 
 Improve Your LinkedIn Background Summary With These Tips   
 Job Search 
 How do you think your LinkedIn background summary would score with recruiters or employers? Do you even think about it? We know you have a lot to think about when it comes to keeping your professional life updated but neglecting your LinkedIn summary could cause you to be overlooked or ignored. If you’re looking for some  tips to help you improve your LinkedIn summary background , keep reading! 
 Use keywords. 
 If you want to be easily found in searches, you have to focus on keywords. When an employer or recruiter is searching for a professional in a particular field, they will use these keywords to help narrow down their search. The better you do in your summary, the better chance you have of being found. 
 When trying to pick keywords and you aren’t sure, start by using LinkedIn as a testing ground. Search words that you think would be applicable to what you do and see if they bring up a lot of results. If they don’t produce a large return, it’s likely they aren’t being used to find candidates. 
 But don’t get too   jargon or catchphrase heavy. 
 Using keywords doesn’t mean industry jargon or generic catchphrases. You want to be found and stand out, not held back by your word choice. The use of either of these can detract from what you’re actually capable of and cause someone looking for the right person to assume the role isn’t for you. 
 Specifically, when talking about your accomplishments, don’t use a generic description of how you operate on a team or your positive attitude. Focus instead on what you’ve actually accomplished and explain those details. 
 Don’t just list your jobs. 
 While yes, your summary should explain what you’ve done in the past, it shouldn’t just be a list of the roles you’ve held at different organizations. The recruiter or employer can see all that in the section where you list employment. 
 Focus on what makes your experience unique and what you’ve accomplished and use the background to explain those differences. Once found, how you sell yourself is going to make the difference between an interview and being passed over. 
 Find your perfect fit with Workbox Staffing! 
 From search to solution, our goal is to make sure we connect you with the best jobs hiring! Our areas of focus range from light industrial, warehouse, and general labor to clerical, part-time, and temporary opportunities.  Tell us more about yourself  to get started with Workbox today. 
 
 September 3, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Improve-Your-LinkedIn-Background-Summary-with-these-Tips.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-09-03 11:00:432019-09-26 14:35:21Improve Your LinkedIn Background Summary With These Tips 
 
 4 Ways to Show Confidence in An Interview Without Being Cocky   
 Job Search 
 If you don't believe in yourself and what you can do, it's hard to make others believe that about you. When you go into an interview, you need to be able to speak confidently about your experience and accomplishments so the employer can have confidence in you as a potential employee. 
 This delicate balance can quickly move from confidence to cockiness, causing the interviewer to develop a negative opinion of you. Most people aren't looking to hire someone who's overly arrogant, despite their qualifications. Try these four ways to show off your confidence without taking it too far. 
 
 1. Start with your appearance 
 How you're dressed is the interviewer's first impression of you. You know the basic rules, but sometimes looking sharp can carry into the excessive. When you cover yourself in noticeably expensive brands, you aren't letting your demeanor speak for itself. You're immediately shouting, 'look at me I buy nice things!' Let your skills speak louder than your expensive watch. 
 2. Speak carefully about yourself 
 There will be several moments where you can either be too self-deprecating or too self-promoting. If complimented, don't immediately go into a thousand reasons why it isn't warranted. You also don't want to explain to them why it is necessary based on how awesome you are. Again, it's about finding humility in your accomplishments and recognizing how you received help without giving away all the credit. 
 3. Watch your tone 
 Speaking loudly doesn't make you seem more authoritative; it simply makes you seem a little annoying. If you come in speaking louder to exude confidence, the interviewer will likely see right through it. Similarly, being too quiet can hurt you as well. The key is to speak clearly and confidently, not loudly. 
 4. Answer with real weaknesses 
 The old trick when asked about weaknesses is to turn them into strengths, but sometimes this can hurt you. It can make you seem arrogant because you aren't being vulnerable or honest. Everyone has weaknesses that don't translate into strengths. A confident person can discuss these and their impact on the job without trying to overcompensate. 
 A staffing agency changing expectations 
 At Workbox Staffing, we're doing things differently. We may not be the standard corporate types, but we always get the job done. Our recruiters are real humans who take the time to get to know you and your skills and help guide you through the placement process. Jumpstart your job search today and  request a call  from us! 
 
 August 28, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/4-Ways-to-Show-Confidence-in-an-Interview-Without-Being-Cocky.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-08-28 11:00:172019-07-31 09:29:404 Ways to Show Confidence in An Interview Without Being Cocky 
 
 5 Tips to Keeping Your Work Humor Under Control   
 Job Search 
 Humor on the job is a welcome addition to most company cultures. Keeping things light can make stressful seasons seem manageable, bring a team together, and generally help you get through the day. Even though it's welcome, there are certain considerations to make sure you don't go too far. Here are five tips to consider about  keeping your work humor under control . 
 
 1. Don 't try to be the funny person 
 You've seen this person parodied in movies and shows. He or she is always trying to make jokes and usually they fall flat because they think they're funnier than they are. Instead of bringing levity into the office, they make everyone put on their headphones to avoid interaction. Make jokes when they come naturally, but don't take on the responsibility of always trying to be funny. 
 2. Read the room 
 Sometimes, a joke isn't necessary, even if it's a really good one. Consider what's going on and who you're with before saying anything. If you don't fully understand what's going on, you can end up cracking a joke that makes everything worse and upsets people. 
 It's also wise to see how people react in any situation after you try to be funny. If you're consistently getting negative feedback, whether verbal or nonverbal, it may be time to rethink your humor. 
 3. Don 't make people uncomfortable 
 There are comments that the world is too politically correct, but it's usually a good example to follow in the office. Unless you know exactly how everyone feels about a certain topic, your political joke could leave people offended. Even worse, depending on what you say, you could get reported to HR. 
 4. Stay relevant 
 Knowing what's going on in the world and pop culture is a great way to not only make jokes but understand jokes. It also keeps you from making a joke about a public figure that is now in bad taste. This is especially useful in management roles because it can connect you to your team. 
 5. Be careful what you email and message 
 A good rule of thumb is never put something in writing that could get you in trouble. Saying a playful joke about your company to your co-workers is one thing but sending a mass email to everyone could get you in trouble. Even off-color jokes can come back to haunt you. 
 Since these digital communications processes are meant to streamline your work, you should let them be work only and leave humor for in-person exchanges. 
 Are you ready to take the next step in your job search? 
 Whether you're interested in a better company culture or a new challenge, Workbox Staffing is here to help you. Our simple process makes it easy for job seekers in all industries, including light industrial manufacturing, warehouse, and clerical work.  Browse opportunities on our job board  or  request a call  to get started today. 
 
 August 14, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/5-Tips-to-Keeping-Your-Work-Humor-Under-Control.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-08-14 11:00:052019-07-31 09:30:065 Tips to Keeping Your Work Humor Under Control 
 
 These Three Resume Tips Are All You Need   
 Job Search 
 Having an up-to-date resume is a vital part of your job search. But how do you make sure your resume will stand out? How do you make it the best it can be? If you try Googling “how to write a resume” or “resume tips” you immediately become overwhelmed by the results. There are endless articles and experts giving advice on everything from writing a “ summary statement ” to listing equal numbers of “hard” and “soft” skills. Where do you even start? 
 Here at Workbox Staffing, we think finding a job and writing a resume should be simple and straightforward. Remember—a resume should be a truthful snapshot of your skills, experience, and education. You want to stand out, but your resume is only meant to get you to the interview. After that, your potential employer is more interested in you than in your resume. 
 Resume Tip #1: Cover the Basics 
 It’s vital that your resume accurately lists your basic information. 
 
 Double-check your contact information. Getting your phone number or email address wrong means you may not hear back on applications. 
 List a professional email address. Asking employers to contact you at snugglykittens45 address isn’t going to make an employer take you seriously. 
 Starting with your most recent job, list your employment history in reverse order. Use action verbs to describe your responsibilities (administered, engineered, built, developed). 
 Only give specific details on your education if it’s relevant to the job. Go ahead and list your highest education level (and include your major if you attended college), but there’s no need to give details on that home economics elective unless it’s going to help you get the job. 
 Don’t forget your certifications!  Professional certifications are a great way to show off your skills. Do you have your Commercial Drivers License (CDL)? Are you certified to operate any kind of heavy machinery? Did you take a first aid class in high school and earn a CPR certification? Are you ServSafe certified? 
 Pro tip  :  Clean up your   social media accounts   .  Some employers make a point to look up your Facebook or Twitter accounts before an interview. Don’t let your out-dated profile picture or posts peppered with swear words be the first thing they see. 
 
 Resume Tip #2: Stand Out with Your Skills 
 Now that you’ve double and triple checked your basic information, it’s time to stand out! 
 
 Focus on achievements when listing employment history. This is especially useful if you have several jobs to list. Listing achievements shows that you have experience taking action and getting things done. 
 Focus on education and skills if you’re light on work experience. Also, include any volunteer work and extracurricular activities. 
 Don’t forget your language skills!  Are you bilingual? Most employers are eager to hire employees who can communicate in more than one language. 
 Pro tip:   customize your resume.  Read through the job description and take note of the skills that are important to the position you’re applying for. Do you have these skills? Move them to the beginning of your “Skills” list. You can also break up your skills into sections. Let’s say you’re applying for a receptionist or administrative assistant position—add a skills section titled “software skills” or “computer skills”. 
 
 Resume Tip #3: Keep it in Perspective 
 Searching for a new job is stressful. And while you want your resume to be accurate and eye-catching, it’s way too easy to begin over-analyzing every single word.  Should I add a summary to the top? Should I call it an “executive summary” or just a “summary”? 
 
 Take a moment to step back. Try to look at your resume as a whole. Your overall message should be  “I’m qualified for the position, hire me” . Does adding an executive summary help accomplish this goal? If so, then include one. But if not, don’t worry about it! 
 Don’t forget to have someone else read it!  Have a friend or family member read through your resume. You’d be surprised at how many spelling and grammar errors are caught with a second pair of eyes. Then, ask that same person to pretend they’re a hiring manager. Would they ask for an interview based solely on your resume? It might be nice to let them know that their answer won’t affect your friendship! 
 Pro tip: remember that your resume isn’t going to get you the job.  A resume is only meant to get you in the door. Aim to impress, but don’t let your resume stress you out too much. In the end, it’s not your resume that employer wants to interview—it’s you! Don’t worry, you got this! 
 
 Get Hired with Workbox Staffing! 
 We believe finding your next job should be as stress-free as possible! No matter the industry, experience, or position, finding a job with Workbox Staffing is simple and easy. Our experienced recruiters offer a personal experience with a real human being that you won’t find at other staffing companies. And with over twenty years of experience, we’ve built strong connections with local companies, allowing us to offer jobs across multiple industries and ensuring that we have something for everyone.  Apply today ! 
 August 12, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/working-on-a-laptop.jpg 1500 3000 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-08-12 12:52:302019-08-20 12:49:59These Three Resume Tips Are All You Need 
 
 Manufacturing Interview: How Should You Dress?   
 Job Search 
 The general rule for interview attire is 'dress for the job you want, not the job you have.' While this is frequently quoted, it can be confusing when it comes to more casual companies or uniform-based positions. It also varies by industry, whether it's blue collar work or located in an office. If you're  interviewing for a manufacturing job , here are some tips for what to wear. 
 
 Start by researching the company 
 Before you make assumptions based on industry, do some research about the company and the people who will be conducting the interview. From this, you can get a feel for the atmosphere and decide if a formal look, like a suit, is required. 
 Aim for your best casual 
 If the company seems like a more casual yet professional kind of workplace, your goal should be your best casual. This means dark jeans without rips, wear, or fraying, and a nice shirt, usually a button down or polo. Women can still wear a skirt or dress, but it doesn't need to have a suit jacket. 
 More than the style of what you wear, make sure the appearance of the items looks put together. This means the items need to match and be clean. Avoid clothing that's old with faded colors. You want to fit into the atmosphere without looking like you just came in from doing yard work. 
 Keep covered up 
 Even in a more casual environment, you still want to look professional which means avoiding exposing too much skin. This can relate to the arms if wearing a tank top and legs if wearing shorts or a skirt. If too much skin is exposed, it may be the only thing that stands out about you. 
 It's also important to check the length of your shirt, especially if you aren't tucking it in. You don't want to reach for a handshake and expose your stomach. 
 Choose minimal accessories 
 Like too much exposure, accessories in excess can speak louder than your qualifications so you want to keep your look simple. This includes avoiding heavy and/or bright jewelry, as well as a favorite hat. Even if you're never without it, an interview isn't the time to stand by that. Leave it in the car until you're done. 
 Jumpstart your job search 
 When you're looking for a new career in manufacturing, trust Workbox Staffing to find the right opportunity for you. Our manufacturing staffing has the roles you're looking for, like assembly workers, quality control, welders, and more!  Find a position on our job board  today or  give us a call  to get started! 
 
 July 31, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Manufacturing-Interview-How-Should-You-Dress.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-07-31 11:00:282019-06-17 13:09:36Manufacturing Interview: How Should You Dress? 
 Page 2 of 7 ‹ 1 2 3 4 › » 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
