[ 
 SPANK ! 
 Pain is so close to Pleasure 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/ "SPANK !") 
 Menu 
 
 Reader Rules 
 Our Latest Offerings 
 Stories & Suchlike 
 
 Stories 
 Poems 
 Visual Titillations 
 
 
 Purloined with Pride 
 
 Search for: 
 blow-job 
 [ 
 Erica: Price to Pay 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2018/01/25/elena-price-to-pay/) 
 ftopx.com 
 Erica slipped her key in slow and easy, mindful of the clicks and snicks as the tumblers engaged. She winced at every snick of the chambers. She turned the key, freezing as the deadbolt snapped back into the door. She twisted the handle and slowly pushed the door open. As quietly as possible, she stepped inside and then eased the door closed, holding the handle to avoid the sharp click of the latch re-engaging. She slipped off her boots, placed them carefully by the door, and tip-toed in stocking feet to the foot of the stairs. She was two steps up when the living room light snapped on. She whipped her head right, her startled eyes locking with Roger, standing with his hand on the switch by the kitchen door. 
 “So, you finally decided to come home? And what time do you call this?” 
 She fronted him out. “I’m not a little girl you know. I can stay out with my friends if I want. I was only over at Sharon’s for Tina’s send-off, as well you know. I thought you’d still be out with Dan, since he’s leaving tomorrow too.” 
 “Yeah, well he’s got an earlier flight and still has work to do – not like Tina, or you for that matter. You’ll still be sleeping it off while us blokes go out and earn the money to keep you in comfort. You know it’s one in the morning and I’m up at six? Don’t you have any consideration?” 
 “Stop being such an old man!” she snapped, “And don’t come all that ‘holier than thou’ stuff with me! You know how much I do, running around for the kids, keeping the house nice, looking after you – I deserve something nice now and again.” 
 Roger backtracked. “That’s not what I mean, and you know it. All I ask is for some consideration now and again.” 
 “Well we had a lot to talk about. We’re all getting together in May and there’s a lot to arrange.” 
 Roger’s ears perked up. “Wait – What? Tina and Dan are going to Louisiana. How are you getting together in May?” 
 She sighed. “We talked about this already. Mandy wants to go see Ed and he’s got a date in New Orleans, so we’re going down to stay with Tina. I told you!” 
 “Ed? Who the fuck is ‘Ed’?” 
 “Duhh – Ed Sheeran? Don’t you know anything? Only the hottest ticket around. We’ve been waiting for this tour all year. I told you and you said I could go.” 
 “I most certainly did not!” 
 “Did so! Last night. After we’d done it.” 
 “I did not!” 
 “OH MY GOD! You are priceless! We were in bed last night and I said we wanted to keep in touch with Tina and Dan, do the fun stuff we always did. You said, ‘suck my dick and you can do whatever the fuck you like’ – so I did, and I am.” 
 “WHAT!? You have to be fucking joking me right now. I’m always saying shit like that, and you never follow through. I think I also said, ‘If I can fuck your ring I’ll get you one for your finger,’ but I don’t recall your arse being on offer last night. You laughed it off like you usually do! So how come a BJ – sorry – it was more like a lick and spit - earns you a fucking trip to Louisiana?” 
 “And a concert,” she mumbled. 
 “What? What did you say?” 
 “I just said, we are going to a concert, like you agreed. You are unbelievable. You take what you want, and you never let me have anything. I’m going to bed.” 
 Roger shot forward and grabbed her hand. “Oh no you’re not. I am sick and tired of you spending money we don’t have and making out I’ve promised, or agreed, and that I’m in the wrong. It's time for you to learn the value of money. How much is this trip going to cost?” 
 Erica’s eyes were downcast. “I don’t know – not much. We have Airmiles.” 
 “Airmiles? The same Airmiles we’re using for California next summer for Arizona’s dance contest? The same Airmiles you want to use to go to New York with Sharon for her 40th? How many fucking Airmiles do you think we have? Okay – so, you're going to a concert too. How much is that?” 
 “I don’t know. Tina said $250 – that’s a deal!” 
 “$250? Yeah, right. More like $350. And then there’s all the fees, taxes, and that’s US right? So, add a third for Canadian. Probably close to $600 just for the ticket. Then there’s flights. Got to be at least $500, maybe $600. And then of course there’s your shopping, fancy restaurants, cocktails. I know how you all like to show off. Probably a bunch of new clothes before you go too. Gotta be two grand, easy. Do you know how long I have to work to have two grand in my pocket, before you spend a penny of it?” 
 “STOP! Stop going on about money all the time, it makes you sound so cheap!” 
 “… I bring home about a grand a week after taxes – so what you want to spend on one trip is two weeks work for me – before we even live, fer Christ sakes!” 
 “SO!? I’m still going. I earned it, keeping house for you and the kids. Besides, Tina got the tickets already – I have to go now. Sharon and Mandy are going so I have to.” 
 “Oh you do? Well you can, but you’re going to earn the money. And since you already chose to whore out your mouth, you can pay off this trip with the rest of your body. You’ve got, what, four months? Okay – quick math – three sessions a week at $50 a session is $2000 – and I might tip you if you improve your BJ skills. And a bonus for your arse! More than generous! So, manage that and you can go with my blessing. And you can buy whatever else you want on the same terms – cash upfront though.” 
 “WHAT? Did you just call me a whore? What are you saying to me?” 
 “I’m saying, if you want to spend our money, you can earn it. And you already said you gave me a BJ to get me to agree, which is whoring yourself out. Now, no BJ is worth $2000. So you can earn your money, and at a much better rate than I earn. And you have to do what the boss tells you. And I’m the boss. Now, you can agree, or I can cancel your cards and you can go get your own job. Your decision.” 
 She rolled her eyes. “I suppose you want another BJ? Is that it?” 
 “Oh my dear, that and SO much more. So I take it you’ll accept my generous offer? 
 “I don’t see I have a choice. Let’s get it over. Come on then, you pathetic loser.” She started up the stairs. 
 He grabbed her hand and pulled her back down the stairs. “Now that’s no way to talk to your new boss,” he snapped. “I think we need to instill some discipline before we do anything else.” 
 He stepped back to the sofa, dragging her forward, then sat and tugged her over his lap in one motion. She gasped as she went down. His knee winded her as she toppled forward, and she had to drop her hands to the floor to stop her fall. She felt very precarious as he hoiked a knee higher to thrust her bottom up and whipped her short skirt over her back. Her knickers were down and off before she could even react, and then Roger started to spank her bottom. 
 “Yeeooww!” she yelped, “What the fuck, Roger?” she kicked her legs and almost toppled sideways. Roger’s response was to wrap his arm tight around her slim waist and smack her very hard, three, four, five times each blow leaving a hand-print. Erica screamed but stopped her struggle as she realised he meant business. 
 Roger took her actions as acquiescence. He spanked her then in a more controlled fashion, enjoying the sensations and the delicious view. Her pussy was showing signs of life, and her tight ring winked at him as her cheeks spread when she wriggled and bucked in response to his spanks. Finally, when he judged she was subdued, he eased her off his lap. 
 “Are we done with the bad behaviour, hmmm?” he asked her, as she lay at his feet. “Ready to get to work?” Erica responded with a glare that could slice him in two. She shifted onto her knees and between his legs, locking eyes defiantly as she reached forward to tug down his zipper. 
 “Ah, not so fast, we should start the clock,” Roger chuckled as he grabbed his phone and set the timer. I think an hour to start with, given how late it is.” 
 “You sick, pathetic dick!” she snarled. “Are you ready now?” She made a second grab for his groin. 
 “I think so, but before you go there you still need to learn who’s in charge. Get up, and kneel on the sofa, face the back and spread your knees.” Elena didn’t move. “NOW!” Roger stood, tugged her to her feet and pushed her forwards. 
 Erica reluctantly assumed the position. She rested her arms on the low back and stuck her bum out. “Is that what you wanted? You want to fuck me doggy now you’ve spanked my poor ass?” 
 Roger didn’t reply. He simply slipped his belt off, doubled it over and whipped the strap smartly across her spread cheeks. Erica shrieked and lunged forwards. “Back!” he instructed. 
 She hesitantly resumed the position. Roger took a moment to examine the red wheal he had raised. He smiled at the perfect dissection of her cheeks, the red stripe and her deep cleft making four neat quadrants. “Ready for another?” he asked. She mumbled assent, so Roger took aim and snapped the belt down again, just below the first stripe. Erica bit off her yelp and thrust out her bottom for more. Roger happily obliged until her cheeks were reddened across their full extent. The redness now was contrasted by the whiteness of the cleft dividing her glowing moons. Roger spread her cheeks wide, eyeing her puckered ring and her weeping pussy beneath. He wet a finger in her pussy and then probed her anus, popping past the tight ring. He felt her ring gripping his finger tip, and his cock twitched still harder at the thought of having her there. But first … 
 Roger stepped round behind the sofa to where Erica had lain her head on the low back of the Chesterfield. He dropped his pants and underwear and offered his rigid shaft to her. She glanced into his eyes, all challenge gone and replaced wit - what? Desire? He’d not seen that look on her face for many years. She leaned forwards then, and took his cock into her mouth, rolling her tongue around the glans like it was an ice cream cone. She puckered her cheeks and sucked as she flicked her tongue round and round the fat head, then swallowed half his length as she mouth-fucked him. 
 Gasping, Roger pulled free before he shot his load down her throat. He had so much more to do this night. He went back around the sofa and knelt to suck her pussy and anus. He probed her with his tongue, wetting her ring. Finally he stood, bent his knees and dipped his cock into the welcoming warmth of her pussy. He gave a few deep thrusts, feeling his cock ready to burst. He pulled free then, to aim higher. Knowing his intent, she pushed her bottom outwards. She reached back and spread her cheeks, widening her ring as she did so. Roger positioned the top of his cock on her ring and pushed, pushed, pushed. Her ring resisted his assault, so he lubed her again with his fingers, lubed up his cock with saliva and tried again. This time he felt her ring spread and he was inside. 
 “Slowly!” gasped Erica, “It’ so big – it hurts but it’s so good!” 
 Roger felt Erica ease backwards onto him. He pushed forwards in response until his cock was buried halfway inside her rectum, and then he pulled back. He pulled out fully and entered her again. She yielded more easily this time, but her ring was so deliciously tight he knew he couldn’t last. He pulled out again, wanting that tightness round his cock as he slid past the constricting band of muscle. As he pushed past her ring once more, he felt his orgasm grow and his cock stiffened. His cum shot from him just as the alarm went off on his phone. 
 
 The alarm was still ringing as Roger’s fuddled brain fought to stay in the moment. As he came to fully he found himself lying on the sofa. As he moved he felt a wet patch on the blanket underneath him. He lay for a moment to lock in the dream before it evaporated with the morning light. Finally he roused and made his way quietly to the bedroom to find his work clothes, careful not to rouse Erica. He needed to get in early to see his supervisor about some extra hours, but maybe tonight, he thought, I might have a stern conversation with my spendthrift wife. 
 Posted in  Stories  and tagged  anal ,  blow-job ,  dreams ,  reluctance ,  spanking ,  strap  on  January 25, 2018  by  Rudi .  2 Comments  [ 
 Tanned to Understand 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2015/04/24/tanned-to-understand/) 
 
 Dom grinned down at Sammi, staring open-mouthed at the six naked, reddened bottoms facing her. She looked faintly ridiculous as she stood there, naked herself from the waist down and with the black rubber strap-on bouncing as it poked out from her groin. She had just finished caning and fucking Stevie, the shoot director, and had entirely forgotten the recalcitrant models who had been largely the cause of poor Stevie’s painful buttocks and stretched arsehole. 
 “OH!” was all she could say. 
 “Well, you were obviously busy, so I decided to take matters into my own hands. Tough work, but someone had to pick up the slack while you were playing with boy-toy there,” he flicked a nod towards Stevie, still slumped across the stool to which he was strapped. “So me and the girls here, we had ourselves a little chat.” Dom glanced along the row of lingerie models standing head bowed as they displayed their buttocks. “They all agreed they were being bratty, and what else do you do to a brat but bend her over your knee and spank her bare bum?” 
 Sammi was still speechless as she drank in the delicious row of red rumps. Dom saw his chance and took control. He spoke firmly to the girls, “Ladies – you are dismissed for tonight. Go home and think about the message you just received. Be here promptly at 8am and line up in position on the edge of the stage, bums bared and presented for a quick reminder before we get to work.” He walked along the row, lifting each girl’s chin and looking them in the eye. “ When I get here I expect to see you all kneeling right here,” - Dom pointed to the edge of the stage – “bottoms up – got that?” He waited until he had received an acknowledgement from each girl, then turned to speak to Stevie, still prone and straining his neck to watch. “And don’t think you get off here Stevie – I’m not against strapping your arse again, just don’t expect me to fuck it. Maybe one of the ladies will oblige,” he laughed. 
 He looked over at Sammi. “Are you thinking of driving back like that, or are you gonna drop the dick and get dressed? I’ll see you in the car in 10.” 
 
 Sitting in the underground parkade, Sammi could not contain herself a moment longer. “Okay,” she said, “I give in. How did you get six models to drop their knickers and let you spank them?” She twisted in her seat to face him, wincing slightly as she forgot the bruising caning she had suffered earlier that day. “ I mean, I know from personal experience you’ve got that certain something when it comes to charming the ladies, but surely, even you’re not that good!” 
 Dom laughed. “Simple,” he said, “When we arrived I saw Crystal and Melissa modelling. I know them both from the scene. They’ve both been over my knee more than once and they love it. When they all dashed off to the dressing room I caught Crystal and held her back. I told her to follow my lead and watch the fun.” Dom paused as he played back the memory, “Back in the dressing room I really tore into them all; threatened they would never model again with that attitude. I said they were all spoiled brats who needed to be taught a lesson. And that’s when I looked over at Crystal and gave her a little nod. She picked up on it quick enough. She came over, all meek and mild and apologetic. ‘Sorry sir’ she said, ‘I know I was a brat. Please forgive me’, so I said to her, ‘what makes me want to forgive you? How do I know you’re truly sorry and you all understand what's expected, that you’ve learned your lesson?’” 
 He smiled at Sammi, “I could see her almost creaming her knickers as she played the game! She shuffled over, stood just in front of me, head bowed and said ‘Please Sir. I know I’ve been a brat. Please spank me so I can be forgiven’. So I looked at the others. ‘good enough,’I said, ‘but you’ve all been little bratty bitches. It’s all or none.’” 
 Sammi looked across at him incredulously, “So just like that, they all lined up for big bad Dom to spank their bums?” 
 He paused, “Not quite. They all were shuffling around, not looking me in the eye, so I took hold of Crystal, found a chair and yanked her over my knee. I whipped her knickers off and started into her, good and hard. I left fingerprints with the first smacks. Crystal’s a good girl, she can take a hard spanking but she likes to kick and scream. That scared them all a bit. They were all fidgety and nervous, but then they saw Crystal’s pussy soaking wet as she kicked her legs. She was giving them a show, I know. After a good spanking, I flipped her off and looked for Melissa.” 
 Dom lifted himself to adjust his growing cock as he recalled the experience. “I told Melissa – you’re next! Get over my knee!’ Of course she did, playing the same nervous game. I spanked her good too. She really gets off on it, almost cums just from spanking. I just gave her clit a quick Dom special and she was over the top. That did it for them all and I almost had to fight them off. Tough job though,” he said as he eased down his zipper and pulled down his pants. His erection sprang out. “Six naked models spanked, all that wet pussy and not one of them thought to thank me. I think I deserve a special thank you today though, boss.” He stroked his shaft as he looked at her. 
 Sammi smiled, shook her head at his presumptuousness, then she leaned across and dipped her head over his cock to give him his bonus. 
 
 This has been your T and U posting for the A to Z Challenge. Here is a complete listing of the posts to date: 
 Anticipation 
 Breathless 
 Clever - a reward 
 Doubly Delicious 
 Escalation & Fulfillment 
 Gratified 
 Horny for Humbling 
 Inititation 
 Juvenile, Knackers and Leather 
 Machismo 
 Nature's Ointment 
 Prima Donna, Punished and Quaking 
 Remedial Action 
 Sammi Smites Stevie 
 Posted in  A to Z Challenge ,  Stories  and tagged  anal ,  blow-job ,  Carla ,  dildo ,  naked spanking ,  OTK  on  April 24, 2015  by  Rudi .  1 Comment  [ 
 Room Service 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2015/03/25/room-service/) 
 Room Service. Here to turn down your bed, 
 Unless you would like something else instead. 
 Some crackers and cheese, a nice glass of red, 
 Or maybe you prefer me to give you some head? 
 Would you like me to wank you and bring you relief, 
 Or maybe to spank you and bring you some grief? 
 If you touch your toes I will happily bestow, 
 Upon your tight bottom a nice rosy glow. 
 I’m the gentlest of spankers, you will surely agree, 
 And when we are finished, you can spank l’il old me. 
 I could bend over tightly and show you my drawers, 
 If you lift up my skirt and let your fingers explore. 
 I know you’ll enjoy the delights you will find, 
 When you pull down my panties and expose my behind. 
 My cheeks are so luscious and perky and tight, 
 So ready for spanking from dawn until night. 
 If you would Sir, I appreciate a hand spanking first, 
 Just to warm up the engine and make a girl purr. 
 And from there, if you please, your belt is just fine, 
 And if you don’t have one you can always use mine. 
 But I must stop you there so we can change halfway through, 
 So I can use my old belt to soundly thrash you. 
 And when we are both nice and sore and warmed up, 
 Well then we can get down to a good solid fuck. 
 You can fuck my tight pussy, my mouth and my bum, 
 Just so long as I get some incredible cums. 
 If I don’t, well there’s always a price to be paid, 
 For failing to tip your sweet chambermaid. 
 You can expect to pay dear for your failure to please, 
 Your butt will be high and I will spread out your knees, 
 So I can fuck your tight ring with my big strap-on cock, 
 Pushed it deep in your arsehole, right up to the top. 
 If I don’t get my pleasure, you must pay dearly for yours, 
 So what’s it to be? Your stomach or your balls? 
 I can serve you your dinner and then walk out the door, 
 Or you can take your chances, and we can both enjoy more. 
 Posted in  Poems  and tagged  anal ,  bare bottom ,  belt ,  blow-job ,  F/M ,  hotel ,  knickers down ,  M/F ,  maid ,  panties ,  Room service ,  sex ,  spank  on  March 25, 2015  by  Rudi .  1 Comment  [ 
 The Voyeur 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2014/12/15/the-voyeur/) 
 
 My office overlooks a hotel in the downtown core. I like to stay late, sitting in the dark and watching what might unfold across the street. Often times I’ve been treated to a quick flash of underwear as a female guest undresses on the way to the shower, not anticipating an audience 23 floors above the city. I’ve seen some nice tits in my time. It’s better in the winter when the nights arrive early. Guests heading back to their rooms to quickly change before a night-out often neglect to draw the blinds. 
 I’ve seen many sights from my darkened office. I keep a small pair of binoculars for the more interesting moments. Many times it’s the men who care little for their privacy. They fling their office clothes off at the end of the day, then lay on the bed, tugging off a quick one before dressing again for a night of beers with their city-friends. More than once I’ve watched a guy stand in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows and wank away to the city below. I guess they get a thrill from their pseudo-exhibitionism, safe as they are from the street level stares. 
 From what I’ve seen, the business traveller takes on a new persona away from home, away from the mundane security of daily family life. I’ve seen men and women, young and old, bringing partners into their rooms, tearing the clothes off each other in their passion. Rarely does the visitor stay the night – I guess it is easier to explain a late night meeting or dinner with clients than it is to explain a night’s absence to a partner back home. 
 I’ve watched some wild antics, too. I watched one business man strip off his pants and underwear, then bend himself over the foot of the bed with his flabby white bum pushed up so that the lady with him could whip him with a scary looking cane. He must have been paying her, I guess, though why I’ve no idea. She should have paid him for the pleasure she took as she slashed away viciously at his plump buttocks. The way the bed was positioned, I could clearly see the mass of purple lines she left behind. Every few strokes, she reached underneath, I’m guessing to wank his cock. I’ve seen women getting a spanking, too. These always seem much more mutually satisfying, to my eye at least. I’ve seen women bending for a hand spanking, mainly, but I’ve seen a girl lay on the bed to be whipped with a belt, and I keenly remember the one who took it good with a riding crop. I’ve enjoyed that moment many times in the quiet darkness of my office. I’ve also seen more blow jobs than I’ve had personally, too. 
 The most memorable display happened a few weeks back. I saw a couple arrive on a Monday and they clearly had promise. The first night I saw her strip for the shower. The guy she was with grabbed her arm as she passed and eased her down to her knees in front of him. She had knelt there, then unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock before giving him a quick BJ. She left him with a hard-on sticking out of his zipper as she flounced off to the shower. When she came out they started getting it on when she glanced out of the window. I stepped back into the shadows of my office but they shut the drapes, so I was left with my imagination and a hard dick of my own. 
 Next day I saw them again. The guy had moved a chair in front of the window, sideways on. He came out of the bathroom and sat in the chair, starkers. She came over to him, naked herself, and she knelt down in front of him to blow him. I was looking directly into their room, so I could see everything from my desk, but I wanted more so I moved to the window. I had my binoculars in one hand, the other – well, I’m sure you can guess. My dick was rock hard and caught up in my pants, so I unzipped and tugged him out and started stroking as I enjoyed the view. The girl was bobbing her head up and down on his dick, sucking like she was enjoying a huge Popsicle. She then dipped down to suck on his nuts while she wanked his shaft. I kept time with her movements, using my pre-cum as a lubricant. I could see his dick standing tall and strong, the red tip glowing like a lighthouse beacon - he was a big boy, I can tell you! 
 After a while he pushed her head away and she stood up and moved to his side with her back to the window. She was a slim thing, beautiful and with a lovely pert bum. He pulled her over his lap so her bum pointed right at the window, maybe two feet from the glass. The guy nudged her feet and she opened her legs wide as she lay stretched across his knee. The angle of his legs made her bum stick up high and her head hang low, so everything was on display. Through my glasses I could see right up her pussy, wet and open and eager. 
 I watched as he started smacking her bum. Not too hard to start off with - at least, she didn’t seem to be minding. In fact after a minute he stopped and looked down at her as if was listening to her, then he took up the rhythm again with much more vigour. I could see her bum getting quite pink now, all the way from her thighs to the top of her bum crack, and round both sides. I’d never seen a spanking before, and let me tell you, it was fucking horny. I had dropped my pants by now, so I was standing at my window naked from the waist and gently wanking as I watched. I kept myself on the edge so I didn’t shoot too soon. 
 He stopped spanking then, and started stroking her cunt. I saw him dip two fingers in and finger-fuck her, then pull out and stick a finger up her ass, and fuck her there too. He stopped, and she stood. He got off the chair and she bent over, hands on the seat and bum pushed out, facing the window again. He knelt down behind her and ate her out, feasting on her wet pussy and arse like a condemned man’s last meal. He stood up then, moved her slightly sideways to the window and slowly pushed his huge dick into her. I could see her pussy lips wrap around his cock as he slid slow and deep. He pulled out most of the way, then rammed home, hard. He kept this up for a while, then started fucking her hard and fast, holding her by the hips to stop her falling. She was gripping the chair like her life depended on it. Suddenly he stopped, shoving himself in hard so his cock was buried deep in her cunt, then after a few seconds he gave her a few more gentle fuck-strokes before pulling out. 
 She stood up and they held each other, then they both turned to the window, held hands and bowed, blew a kiss and pulled the drapes. 
 Next day, the guest in the room was a fat middle-aged bloke, so I left and took the early train home. 
 Posted in  Stories  and tagged  blow-job ,  bum ,  spanking ,  voyeur ,  watching  on  December 15, 2014  by  Rudi .  4 Comments  [ 
 Office Politics : Judy's Frustration 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2014/09/08/office-politics-judys-frustration/) 
 
 06:30 
 Judy was edgy when she woke. It felt like she had only slept for 10 minutes – she had been awake on and off all night, stressing about the day to come. Today was a make or break day for her career with the agency. She had worked for months on this account, and today they were presenting their bid. Win this and there was a VP position in the stars. Lose, and she was back to the floor – or worse! Her stomach churned, she was tense and edgy and she hadn’t slept well. Only one thing would work now to take her mind from the stress and relax her for the day. She slid a hand down her stomach and between her thighs, seeking out her pleasure spot. But then she had a better idea. 
 She flung back the covers and strode naked into the adjoining en suite bathroom. Michael was at the vanity with a towel around his waist, still damp from the shower. He was preparing to shave and had foam spread across his stubble. The sight of his muscular shoulders and arms shot tingles through her and she knew she had to get her release. She stepped behind him, leaned into his back and stroked his chest. She slipped one hand down, released the towel and found his slumbering manhood. With a few strokes and squeezes she felt the flesh stir as blood flowed into his shaft and he began to stiffen. She shifted her body to release the towel trapped between them, then pressed her naked flesh against his. 
 Michael reached down and gently removed her hand from his shaft. “Not now Judy. I don’t have time. The car will be here in 15 minutes.” With that he began scraping the blade across his stubble. In frustration, Judy stepped back then swung her arm to deliver a stinging slap to his right buttock. The shock jarred Michael forwards and he felt the nick of the blade on his chin. 
 “Shit, oww. Judy, Watch what you’re doing. You made me cut myself!” Michael turned to face her. 
 “Oh it’s nothing. Come on - just give me a quickie. You know it relaxes me. I’m ready, and so are you now.” She reached for his now-erect shaft and squeezed, then dropped to her knees and took the head between her lips, sucking and lapping him to full erection. He quickly pushed her head away. 
 “I said, no! I don’t have time. Now get up, and get dressed.” 
 In frustration, she grabbed his cock again, leaned forward and bit the tip. As he yelped in pain she leapt to her feet and made a dash for the door. but Michael was too quick. 
 “Oh no you don't. That fucking hurt. You can pay for that.” He pulled her back to him and spun her round. In the confined space her knees banged against the bathtub and she stumbled forward. She put out her hands to stop her fall, leaving her bent over the edge of the bath with her hands on the cold surface of the tub and her bum in the air. Michael quickly grabbed her around the waist with his left hand, easily holding her slender form. With his right hand he spanked her milky-white cheeks, hard. The first spanks left a hand print. She shrieked and kicked her legs. Michael smacked her luscious bum again and again. Shifting his grip, he hooked a foot behind hers and forced her legs apart to get at her pussy. When she was fully exposed, he slapped her moist sex with his open palm. The spank sent shock waves through her pussy and she yelped. Grinning, he spanked her there twice more. 
 “That’s for biting my dick. And this is for being such a brat.” He whacked her rapidly reddening cheeks again. 
 As he struggled to hold her writhing figure he spotted the bath brush resting on the tub edge. Normally this weapon was used in play. Michael and Judy both enjoyed erotic spanking games, but Judy's arm couldn’t light Michael’s fires, so they bought the bath brush for her to warm his cheeks. She had never tasted its sting before, but now that was about to change. He grabbed the brush and brought it down swiftly on her right cheek. She sucked in air and screamed as the pain blossomed. Then he spanked her again on the left. The slaps echoed around the small room. Michael spanked again, excited at the way Judy’s cheeks flattened with each blow, then bounced back as he lifted off, leaving behind a white outline of the brush that quickly suffused with red. The sight brought him back to full erection. This most definitely would not be Judy’s last hard spanking! 
 After a dozen blows Michael flung the brush aside. He then gave her another slap on her pussy for good measure, then moved behind her, grabbed her by the hips and swiftly entered her. Spanking Judy hard had been such a turn-on that it took just a few swift, hard fucks to bring him to climax, and he shot his load into her tight pussy. Judy's arousal was way behind Michael's and she moaned in frustration as she felt him pull out, leaving her empty, sore and frustrated. As he released his grip on her hips she slid down and sat on the cold, hard tiled floor. Her face was tear-stained. 
 “There. You got what you wanted. Something to take your mind off your presentation. If you need any more, you’ll have to do it yourself. I’m late!” Michael quickly towelled of the shaving foam, grabbed an electric razor and stalked from the room to finish dressing. 
 Judy eased herself onto her knees and gingerly felt her bottom. It was burning and the skin felt paper-thin. She placed a hand between her legs, soothing the tingling in her pussy. She felt his cum oozing from her and she used the lubricant to tease her clitoris, but the mood was gone. Her pussy lips were tender from the spanking and the rough assault of the fucking. As she gently stroked the tender lips to ease the pain, she pondered what had just happened. She did like spanking whether she was giving or receiving, but it had always been for fun, not hard and in anger like this one. Every other time she’d had a stinging bum, the pain had quickly been replaced by pleasure as Michael lapped at her pussy and ass from behind, or fucked her long and deep with her bum in the air. And he always made sure she came before he got his release. Everything had gone wrong with her plan, and now she had pissed off Michael and she was still stressed and anxious about the presentation. With a sigh, she got up and set about cleaning herself up for the day ahead. 
 08:00 
 Judy sat a little uncomfortably on her train ride into the office, very aware of the heat in her bottom. The initial pain of the bath brush spanking had eased into a warm tingle that now excited her. She had some sore spots that made her sit carefully, but nothing too bad. She suspected she would have some bruises though, because she had bruised Michael with the brush when she’d been over-excited when spanking him. Next mornign hse saw the marks when he got up for a shower but she didn't dare tell him. She had been secretly excited at the thought of him changing at the gym where the other guys would see the marks and know he got spanked at home. This time it would be her turn to show her tell-tale tail if she wanted to relax pool-side this weekend. 
 Michael had certainly given her a spanking to remember. Next time she got hold of that bath brush she would make sure he knew what it felt like. She imagined pinning him down by sitting on his back while she larruped him with the brush, turning his firm buttocks a deep red. The thought turned her on once more, her earlier frustrations mounting again. She glanced around guiltily, certain her fellow passengers must sense her arousal. She squeezed her thighs together to ease her frustration, and thought again about that morning. It wasn't the spanking - she knew she had deserved that by biting his cock. Maybe even wanted it. Getting her pussy spanked was new, and it hurt, but it was definitely something she would do again. No, the problem had been that he had taken her by surprise with the swiftness of his assault. He probably only spanked her for a couple of minutes before he fucked her. When it was for fun the play went on much longer. The more she thought about the morning, the more she turned herself on and the familiar feeling she got in their play spankings quickly returned. Judy knew she would ask for a hard spanking again. It hurt like hell at the time but she definitely liked feeling the effects for some time afterwards. And the pussy spanking left a delicious tenderness all through her cunt. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to get it again, if she knew she would get her rewards afterwards. 
 She closed her eyes to relive the moments, edited to her own satisfaction. First, she would bend Michael over, then give him a long, hard bath brush spanking. She would play with his ass and balls as she did so, keeping him hard and ready. Once he was thoroughly warmed up, she would go over his lap for a hand spanking. Then she would go on hands and knees, presenting her open charms for his attention. She would have him lick her bum and pussy then let him spank her hard with the brush. She would tell him to spank her on her wrinkly bum hole and her pussy to make them sting. Then she would lay him on his back, face his feet and ride his pole like an erotic dancer. The position worked for them both - his cock pressed on her g-spot, and he adored the sight of her pussy and ass as she rode him. They would explode to orgasm together. Fantasising about her games was making her very wet and very ready. She knew she would head straight to the rest rooms when she got to the office. She would lock the door, drop her panties and frig herself to orgasm. At last she would get the release she craved and her stress levels would drop before she had to make her presentation. With a plan in mind Judy settled into her seat and closed her eyes, replaying her newest fantasy, just to keep her fires burning. 
 08:45 
 At her office, Judy made a dash for the ladies rest room, intent on finishing the morning’s business. With a single focus she headed for the door when a voice called her from behind. It was her boss, Mr. Forsyth. “Judy, just the person. Quickly.” 
 “Can I have a minute – I need the bathroom.” She felt her excitement ebb like the whispy memories of a dream on waking. 
 “No, no – I won’t keep you. London’s on the line. I just need your soothing voice to placate them on the Thompson deal.” 
 Resignedly, Judy stepped into Mr. Forsyth’s office. Her sexual frustration was unsatisfied, her stress levels were rising and she was getting a tension headache. Damn you, Michael! 
 To be continued ….. 
 Posted in  Stories  and tagged  bath brush ,  blow-job ,  F/M ,  fantasy ,  M/F ,  naked spanking ,  office ,  OTK ,  pussy spanking ,  revenge  on  September 8, 2014  by  Rudi .  1 Comment  [ 
 Shopping Trip Surprise 
 ](https://rudispanks.wordpress.com/2014/05/24/shopping-trip-surprise/) 
 
 When I'm forced to accompany Miranda on a shopping trip I like to amuse myself by perusing the stores, seeking out items for their spanking potential. It is quite fun to pick up a pair of pumps, turn them over in my hand and stroke the sole, imagining its slap on an errant bottom, whilst all around me the regular shoppers go about their business. One never knows, of course, how many of them are purchasing for alternative uses. 
 During my personal escapism I like to let my mind wander if I see a particularly spankable derriere, or a self assured professional looking woman, the type who knows what she wants and is not afraid to take it. Come with me on one of my fantasy escapes …. 
 
 I was frustrated yesterday lunchtime. A meeting had gone long and my project had not been approved. I needed an escape. I drove over to the mall and entered one of the many smaller department stores. I strolled around the store, following a familiar route through the personal grooming area to examine the hairbrush selection. I found a nice wooden oval brush, and I felt its weight with a slap to my palm. The sting gave me a nice indication of pleasures to be had with this one. I moved on, into the footwear section. I've been looking for a nice traditional pair of slippers, the sort your dad would wear. Miranda likes a slippering, and the role play to be had with dad slippers is just delicious. I wandered down the aisles, examining various ladies court shoes for spanking potential and then began perusing the slippers. I noticed a striking redhead who seemed to glance away whenever I looked over at her. Was she interested in me?  (more…) 
 Posted in  Stories  and tagged  bending ,  blow-job ,  oral ,  paddle ,  sex ,  shopping ,  spanking ,  spatula  on  May 24, 2014  by  Rudi .  4 Comments 
 ID Required 
 This site contains adult oriented erotica. You must be 18 years or over to stay. If you are under 18 and understand or care about this stuff, shame on you and your parents. 
 Follow SPANK ! on WordPress.com 
 Spank! me by Email 
 Enter your email address to follow Spank! and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Be a Spank! follower 
 A to Z 2015 Participant 
 
 "You don’t appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman. Stuff you pay good money for in later life.” 
Elmo Phillips 
 Our latest fantasies 
 
 Dental Exposure 
 Erica: Price to Pay 
 Rebekkah : Adriana's Turn 2 
 Princess Jasmine's Lament 
 Rebekkah : Adriana's Turn 
 
 Wet dreams from the past 
 
 January 2019 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 November 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 
 SPANK! follows these fine blogs 
 
 Going Down The Road With The Leu's 
 blahblah12321567.wordpress.com/ 
 Tanushree Karmakar 
 THEGIRLVERSUSWORLD 
 Livvy Libertine 
 It Is What It Is......... 
 The Keep Up 
 Byron Cane Spanking and Erotic Fiction 
 Dark Desires 
 KC-Perrin 
 Spank Me Hard! ... Please? 
 The Daily Post 
 thespankingzone 
 The Lives Of The Elite Vixens  
 Besos de Cuero 
 
 Going Down The Road With The Leu's 
 We are exploring North America in our RV 
 blahblah12321567.wordpress.com/ 
 Tanushree Karmakar 
 MISFIT POETICS 
 THEGIRLVERSUSWORLD 
 WHEN IN DOUBT, WRITE IT DOWN..!! 
 Livvy Libertine 
 The journey is the destination 
 It Is What It Is......... 
 Smile! You’re at the best WordPress.com site ever 
 The Keep Up 
 Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave. - Mary Tyler Moore 
 Byron Cane Spanking and Erotic Fiction 
 Discerning erotica for those with a desire for discipline 
 Dark Desires 
 Erotic Fantasies 
 KC-Perrin 
 Erotic short stories | spanking, bondage, exhibitionism 
 Spank Me Hard! ... Please? 
 [No cats were harmed in the making of this blog. They all love to be spanked.] Exploring the psychology 'behind' spanking through fiction and poetry. Because, nothing says 'I love you' better than a red, sore, bare bottom. Comments welcome and discussion encouraged. I believe spanking between consenting adults leads to closer and more intimate relationships. Spanking is not a kink, not a fetish, not a lifestyle, but rather, a healthy and honest means of communication. Let your mind free and respect will follow. Contact me lurvspanking@gmail.com 
 The Daily Post 
 The Art and Craft of Blogging 
 thespankingzone 
 Lots of Spanking, some sports, and anything else that may be on my mind on a particular day 
 The Lives Of The Elite Vixens  
 “She was a vixen when she went to school And though she be but little, she is fierce.” 
 Besos de Cuero 
 "When pain and pleasure become ecstasy." - Erotic tales of dominance, submission and transcendence. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
