Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Community Disability Worker 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Catholic Social Services is currently recruiting for a contract Part Time position (Friday 1:00PM - 9:00PM, Saturday and Sunday 9:00AM to 5:00PM), as a Community Disability Worker at McDaniel Manor in Edmonton, AB. 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 “As a Catholic social services agency, we are guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect.” 
 Job Summary: 
Motivated, compassionate and organized, you enthusiastically assist with daily living activities and social events supporting dignity, independence and empowerment. You will be skilled in providing personal care, supporting persons with developmental disabilities, supporting mental health challenges and implementing programs tailored to individual needs. The successful candidate will be creative, energetic, and possess a calm personality to work with individuals with complex needs. You will be willing to engage in various community activities with a focus on recreation. 
 Education and Qualifications: 
Minimum Grade 12 education. A Diploma/Degree in Disability Services, Social Work or Human Services (or equivalent) is considered an asset 
Minimum 6 months experience working with persons with developmental disabilities 
Should have good experience in personal care, as well as lifting. 
Should possess experience working with high behaviors, complex needs and dual-diagnosis. 
Criminal Record Check 
Child Intervention Record Check 
Must have valid drivers license and vehicle 
Able to get $2 Million liability insurance 
Valid Drivers abstract 
 Compensation: 
The salary range for this position is $17.77 to $18.86 per hour based on qualifications and experience. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-339. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
