Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Chiropractor 
 Revive Physiotherapy & Wellness 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are a multidisciplinary clinic in Orleans looking to hire a Chiropractor for a growing clinic. This is great opportunity for someone to join a growing clinic along side Physiotherapists and Massage Therapists within the clinic and several Doctors located in the medical building! 
 If you are an experienced Chiropractor or new graduate, we would love for you to consider joining our team. We are a health-practitioner led team and are looking for someone with a genuine commitment to help the people in our community. We are looking for someone who is team-oriented, compassionate, confident and professional. 
 We are located on the retail floor of a medical building at the intersection of Innes & Tenth Line street 
 We offer a  competitive split (Fee for Service)  with new state of the art equipment! 
 We are looking for  Part-Time, Casual, or Full-time  therapists! 
 Registration with CCO is  required . 
 French is an asset 
 Start Date: As soon as possible 
 Please contact us with your resume! We look forward to meeting you! 
 Part-time hours: 20-40 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-11-27 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $40.00-$80.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 12 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our staff and patients safe, we are following guidelines from colleges (CMTO & CPO) as well as ongoing updates from Ottawa Public Health. Our strict safety precautions entail patient screening before treatment, PPE for staff, Plexiglass for staff 
 Experience: 
 
 Chiropractic: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CCO (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
