Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Sales Advisor 
 StorageVault Canada Inc. 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Customer Service Sales Advisors 
 Starting from $17.00 per hour + regular performance management reviews + bonus + benefits 
 Who We Are 
 Our Reservation Centre is seeking Customer Service Advisors to support one of the largest and the fastest growing storage companies in Canada. StorageVault Canada Inc. is one of largest Canadian owned operators with stores nationally. 
 Our success is due to our passionate people. We are talented, enthusiastic and hardworking individuals who thrive on providing exceptional client service while overseeing all aspects of a storage facility. 
 If you are a self-starter, with the ability to establish a personal connection, we are interested in connecting with you. In return, we offer a high level of personal responsibility and plenty of opportunities to learn further skills and expand your career. 
 We are looking for full time sales driven team members who are enthusiastic about growth. The ideal candidate is able to build rapport quickly on the telephone and deliver an exceptional client experience. Maturity, reliability, and proficiency in phone sales are necessary. 
 Fluently bilingual French/English is essential.. 
 Customer Service Qualities 
 
 Connect – Demonstrates the ability to quickly connect with others. Displays the following qualifies: friendly, polite, attentive and respectful. An excellent communicator who projects a positive, confident image to initiate conversation and engage with the client. 
 Personal Drive - Demonstrates the desire and energy to work towards achieving goals. Persistent and tenacious, never satisfied with mediocrity. 
 Achiever - Highly self-motivated, self-reliant, self-competitive and will push themselves to exceed expectations. Implements coaching advice to achieve results. 
 Sales Savvy - Possesses the abilities to read and influence people. Understand buying motivations and adjusts their approach based on the style and needs of the client. 
 Curiosity - The desire to learn more, ask questions and challenge thinking. 
 Customer/Solutions Focus - Ability to take action to meet or exceed customer expectations with integrity. 
 
 As a member of our team you can expect: 
 
 An incentive bonus for achieving results 
 A competitive hourly wage based on experience, starting at $17.00 per hour, plus unlimited commissions paid on rented storage units. 
 Health Benefits upon completion of a probationary period 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $17.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Microsoft Office: 1 year (Required) 
 call center: 1 year (Required) 
 Sales: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ottawa, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 French & English fluently (Required) 
 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Answer incoming customer inquiries 
 Record and modify customer information within the database 
 Engage with clients in a friendly and professional manner while actively listening to their concerns 
 Offer support and solutions to customers in accordance with the company's customer service policies 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
