waf@worldartfoundations.com 
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
  Youtube  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  RSS  
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
  Youtube  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  RSS  
 
 
 Are you an Art Foundation? 
 
 
 Newsletter 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
  0 Items  
   
 The Hub of Art Foundations 
 
 Art Foundations 
 Map 
 What’s On 
 Inside Stories 
 Shop 
 WAF Art News 
 Art Foundation Login 
 
 Select Page 
 UCCA: Art Specialist 
 22 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Art Specialist Your role is: 1. Responsible for the customs clearance and approval of works; 2. Develop transportation calculations, dock with transportation companies, evaluate the rationality of transportation plans, determine transportation...
 
 UCCA: Exhibition Project Specialist 
 22 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Exhibition Project Specialist Your role is: The overall planning and coordination of the exhibition project will assist the curator to complete the execution of the entire exhibition and fully participate in every step of the exhibition planning...
 
 UCCA: Short Video Editor 
 22 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Short Video Editor Your daily routine might look like this: 1. Familiar with professional knowledge of choreography, planning and production, master the general process of short video planning and production, and be responsible for the quality; 2....
 
 UCCA: Brand Manager (star/KOL cooperation direction) 
 22 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Brand Manager (star/KOL cooperation direction) Your daily routine might look like this: 1. Get insight into the dynamics of the entertainment industry, and output cooperation strategies for singers, actors, idols and other artists around short...
 
 UCCA: Project Manager, UCCA Lab 
 22 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Project Manager, UCCA Lab UCCA Lab aims to explore and present inspiration and thinking based on contemporary urban life through continuous exhibitions and cultural projects, and its vision covers contemporary art, design, architecture, fashion,...
 
 Sharjah Art Foundation: Senior Editor (English) 
 21 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 Sharjah Art Foundation: Senior Editor (English)   Key responsibilities: • Copy-edit, fact-check and proofread texts from all departments according to Sharjah Art Foundation style. Texts may include any of the following:o Curatorial texts such as project... 
 TarraWarra Museum of Art: Marketing & Events Manager 
 6 January 2021 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 TarraWarra Museum of Art: Marketing & Events Manager   Reports to: Director, TarraWarra Museum of Art Supervises: Digital Marketing Officer Application due: Midnight, Friday 15th January 2021 Position commences: February 2021 Salary: $72,325...
 
 Rupert Museum: Museum Assistant Internship 
 23 December 2020 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 Rupert Museum: Museum Assistant Internship Internship position available: Museum Assistant Deadline: 12 January 2021 Rupert Art Foundation Internship Programme - we are offering an 11-month, paid internship at the Rupert Museum in Stellenbosch from 1 February... 
 UCCA: Media Relations Specialist 
 7 December 2020 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 UCCA: Media Relations Specialist Your daily routine may look like this. 1. be responsible for the implementation of the museum-wide publicity and promotion plan. 2. support the opening of exhibitions and events. 3. assist with daily media liaison and...
 
 Zeitz MOCAA: Communications and Marketing Manager 
 19 November 2020 |  Careers in Africa/Asia/Oceania 
 Zeitz MOCAA: Communications and Marketing Manager Key responsibilities of this role: The Communications and Marketing Manager reports into the Head of Marketing and Communications. This full-time role is responsible for the delivery against all elements...
 
 Page 1 of 31 2 3 » 
 World Art Foundations 
 
 Art Foundation Membership 
 Career opportunities within Art Foundations 
 Grants and Artist Residencies from Art Foundations 
 Press 
 About us / Team 
 
 SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEWSLETTER 
 First name* 
 Last name* 
 Email Address* 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Interviews on WAF TV 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
  Youtube  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  RSS  
 
 
 © World Art Foundations : the platform for art foundations world wide. 
 Congratulations: LAM has been nominated for the "European Museum of the Year Award 2021" 
 Find out more 
 × 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
