
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! 
  March 5, 2012  
 Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 After seeing this trailer for Tim and Eric's new movie, I had to excuse myself to the bathroom in order to clean the boxers I had just soiled. Having watched every single episode of Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! countless times, I had to see this the second I could get my hands on it. And I did. And it was great. But I'll need more than just that to review a classic T&E production properly. 
 In this movie, a simple plot is simple. Tim and Eric, after revamping their images in the most bizarre of ways, spend a billion dollars in making a box office hit. That is about 5 minutes long. It's one shot along a Paris street of a man in a suit of diamonds. Diamond Jim. Played by Johnny Depps. And all he has to say is "Bonjour." He delivers the biggest of diamond rings (being Diamond Jim, Bonjour.) to a lovely waitress and the movie ends. (The credit roll reminds me of the days when I used to take credit for everything I did in my home movies…) 
 The lights pick up and a garishly and horrifically dressed Tim and Eric turn around in their movie seats to see Tommy Schlaaang in his Schlaaang Recliner (stirrups up and being used) in classic Cinco fashion, disgusted with their production. And seeing as they spent all the money he gave them on diamonds and things for themselves, they have to find some way to make a billion dollars. So what do they think they'll do? Revitalize a mall. 
 
 Hi, Hi, Hi, I'm Chef Goldblum 
 Oh how the hi-jinks begin. Upon finding this mall in Historic Swallow Valley, they find Damien Weebs (Will Ferrell) in the back office. Sitting there in utter despair, Weebs has no idea how to push his failing mall onto some unsuspecting suckers. Until Tim and Eric fall for the aptly placed commercial in a bar bathroom. After a watch and a rewatch of Top Gun, Weebs is finally ready to turn over his mall. I honestly thought (even if it wasn't) it was a great stab at the failed use of repetition in Family Guy. With Taquito (John C. Reilly) as their guide, the pair must vanquish a Pizza Court wolf and a handful of vagrants. 
 This is where the conventional plot is derailed. From here we have Reggie and his son Jeffrey (Matt O'Toole and Noah Spencer) and Tim's obsession with Jeffrey. He even cuckolds (incorrect usage but whatevs) Reggie into giving up his son to Tim. 
 
 So what'd you think? 
 Righteous. And then Eric meets the love of his life, Katie (Twink Kaplan). There's some betrayal and one of the strangest sex acts I've ever seen in a film, followed by one of the most graphic diarrhea scenes ever recorded. This movie has it all. As well as an explosive ending. 
 There were complaints in the reception as far as length. With a show that started off on Adult Swim as a 10 minute sketch comedy, this movie was 9 times that. It is almost an entire season's length in one sitting. And this left people hanging and at times bored with the slow 
 
 Are you ready to enter the Shrim? 
 chugging along of the same plot at great length. I can say the same for myself. It's not that I have ADHD or ADD, but this movie tried my patience at times. Without the freedom to jump around to whatever they felt like, it left certain parts as plot and others as pure comedy sketches. The transition between the two cut short some laughs. 
 Other than that, this movie hit home to millions (I hope there's millions…) of T&EASGJ! fans all over the… planet (?) It had the characters you love from past episodes (James Quall and David Liebe Hart) and reformed actors into characters you grew to love (Will Forte and John C. Reilly). It doesn't disappoint and delivers a decent bit more than the trailer suggested (i.e. Ray Wise returns as Dr. Doone Struts with SHRIM.). All in all you have to love the effort and the delivery Tim and Eric give to their fans of all things alternative comedy. It's a wonderful thing. In comparison to the show, this deserves a 7.1 out of 10. 
 
 Oh, how niiiiiceee. 
 5 Comments    |  tags:  Adult Swim ,  alternative comedy ,  betrayal ,  billion dollars ,  Bonjour ,  box office hit ,  Cinco ,  conventional plot ,  cuckold ,  Damien Weebs ,  Davide Liebe Hart ,  derailed ,  Diamond Jim ,  Dr. Doone Struts ,  Eric Wareheim ,  explosive ending ,  Family Guy ,  graphic diarrhea ,  great delivery ,  Historic Swallow Valley ,  James Quall ,  Jeffrey ,  John C. Reilly ,  Johnny Depps ,  Katie ,  mall ,  Matt O'Toole ,  Noah Spencer ,  Paris ,  Pizza Court ,  pooped my pants ,  Ray Wise ,  Reggie ,  Schlaaang Recliner ,  sex acts ,  Shrim ,  simple plot ,  sketch comedy ,  son ,  strange ,  Taquito ,  Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! ,  Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie ,  Tim Heidecker ,  Tommy Schlaaang ,  Top Gun ,  trailer ,  Twink Kaplan ,  vagrants ,  Will Farrell ,  Will Forte ,  wolf  | posted in  Movies 
 
  April 6, 2011  
 Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 Let me first start off by saying that this show isn't for everyone. If you don't find dark, off the wall, probably funny if you were high or on large doses of acid, absurd humor funny without the addition of narcotics, this show is probably not for you. After I had spent time ritually watching Tom Goes to the Mayor (This is a blueprint stop motion animated short show in which Tom/Tim Heidecker goes to the Mayor/Eric Wareheim.) I found out about this show. I had only seen one segment prior, and my friends at school would laugh about the new episodes every Friday in school. But yes, my first and only image of Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! was Chippy, the baby with a mustache that screams when spotted. I knew I had to check out this entire show. 
 And so I did. 5 nights, 5 seasons. Series 1 through Cinco. There was many a time I was frightened, and many a time I pooped my pants in laughter. My roommate Ian and I (he's my movie/T.V. show buddy, we watch everything together) spent a week straight laughing for the hour and 40 minutes that was Tim and Eric. Frankly, this show has great actors, great characters, and great, absurd humor. I greatly applaud Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim for their work. 
 
 Great Job!, Tim and Eric 
 Every season consists of 10 episodes that are 10 minutes each. Eric and Tim play themselves, they play stock characters, they bust out the outrageous character or two. There's really not anything to ruin as far as spoilers go in this show. Nobody dies (or stays dead for long) not really any continuous plot from episode to episode. It's all about the absurdity and low quality/college campus acting and effects. 
 Best stock characters. Yes. We have James Quall, the horrific, dull, doll-like impressionist who loves Cosby and spaghetti and meatballs. David Leibe Hart, the man picked right off the streets for his work with ventriloquism assisted by the most frightening dummies known to man. Richard Dunn, the cantankerous old man who is always on the verge of kicking the bucket. Pierre (Ron Austar), the dad obsessed funk dancer who loves meat, but not 
 
 There's my Chippy 
 when it's spoiled. And of course Chippy, the hirsute baby with the greatest scream on the face of the planet. 
 And it's not just these drifters off the street that make up the show. We also have character/T.V. show/movie actors and other celebrities that make special appearances based on the episode. Of course there's Dr. Steve Brule (John C. Reilly) with 
 
 For Your Health! 
 Brule's rules and the varying segment where he drinks some wine or makes a panini. Tairy Greene (Zach Galifianakis. I feel like this is what made him popular.) the actor/director who shouts at children and dances as he flies through the air. Will Grello (Will Forte), the man who is haunted by his childhood and occasionally lets us into his brain to view his nightmares. Also of notable interest, David Cross who shows up as a pizza boy in a porno, a celeb exec, and a crazed old man who attaches paintbrushes to cats. There's Josh Groban, singing the best of Casey Tatum and his brother, Marilyn Manson without makeup as the dark man, Rainn Wilson, always as some creepy character, and Paul Rudd, dancing it out on his computer to himself. There's also a little scene you may discover interesting when Tim and Eric battle in tennis and they have stunt doubles. Check it out for yourself. 
 And if that doesn't catch your interest with that laundry list of great actors and celebrities, there are the stock characters that Tim and Eric perform. There's Jan and Wayne Skylar, Channel 5's best married news team, although they don't show up as much as I'd like them to. (Tim Heidecker always plays really good soccer mom looking women and such.) 
 
 Ah Spagett!!! 
 Spagett, one of the greatest characters that Tim portrays, a balding, pony-tailed man who jumps out and spooks people with a "Spagett!" The Beaver Boys who can't resist a good shrimp and white wine. Casey Tatum and his brother, always performing on Uncle Muscles's (Weird Al Yankovic) Hour. This is consistently my favorite sketch and it's great when they literally have Josh Groban on to do his own renditions of Casey's songs. And I could go on. Every sketch is great along with every episode. The only part I would recommend skipping is the Women's Afternoon Review." Those sections disturb me, and I don't mind 99% of the things I see on T.V. and movies. 
 What more is there to say about Tim and Eric. They take things far beyond any other show I've ever witnessed. (Man milk, puberty, eating their own boogers, etc…) They practice their scenes, I'm sure, to such a great degree that every action and gesture is done is such a way that it's absurd, awkward, too long, and yet hilarious nonetheless. Their humor destroys. The have good guest stars. The premises of their episodes make no sense. And I would consider this among the top 10 funniest shows that have ever been on television. 9.7 out of 10. Check it out. Great Job! 
 And here's my Chippy. 
 Leave a comment    |  tags:  10 minute episodes ,  absurd actions ,  absurd gestures ,  absurd humor ,  actors and celebrities ,  baby with a mustache ,  Beaver Boys ,  Bill Cosby ,  blueprint ,  boogers ,  Brule's Rules ,  cantankerous old man ,  Casey Tatum ,  Channel 5 ,  Chippy ,  dark humor ,  dark man ,  David Cross ,  David Leibe Hart ,  Dr Steve Brule ,  drifters ,  Eric Wareheim ,  frightening ,  funk dancer ,  great actors ,  great characters ,  high humor ,  hirsute baby ,  impressionist ,  James Quall ,  Jan and Wayne Skylar ,  John C. Reilly ,  Josh Groban ,  low grade effects ,  low quality ,  man milk ,  Marilyn Manson ,  married news team ,  Mayor ,  meat ,  not for everyone ,  off the streets ,  off the wall humor ,  panini ,  Paul Rudd ,  Pierre ,  pooped my pants laughing ,  puberty ,  Rainn Wilson ,  Richard Dunn ,  Ron Austar ,  Season 1 ,  Season 2 ,  Season 3 ,  Season 4 ,  Season Cinco ,  shimp and white wine ,  Spagett ,  spaghetti and meatballs ,  stock characters ,  stop motion ,  stunt doubles ,  Tairy Greene ,  tennis ,  Tim and Eric ,  Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! ,  Tim Heidecker ,  Tim Heidecker as a woman ,  Tom ,  Tom Goes to the Mayor ,  top 10 funniest shows ever ,  Uncle Muscle's Hour ,  ventriloquism ,  weed humor ,  Weird Al Yankovic ,  Will Forte ,  Will Grello ,  Women's Afternoon Review ,  Zach Galifianakis  | posted in  Anime/ T.V. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
