WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Lead Game Designer 
 Talofa Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 7, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Talofa is seeking a Lead Game Designer to join the team for our new social running game in development. This individual will work with the team to build game systems and monetization models and measure key performance indicators to improve the fitness gameplay experience. We are looking for someone who is excited to build a world-scale running game on a new platform with us!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Rapidly prototype gameplay systems within the engine to test out new ideas, gameplay systems, and modes for location-based gameplay 
 Understand the high-level vision of the game and be able to translate the vision into gameplay systems and design docs designed that can be used by everyone to build all of the experiences in the game 
 Design game economies, monetization strategies, and features to improve product KPIs in the long and short term 
 Collaborate with stakeholders and manage live content and pricing changes for in-game purchases. 
 Collaborate with stakeholders and create and maintain a calendar of events, content and feature updates designed to improve short and long term product goals.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements: 
 
 4+ years of professional experience in mobile game design 
 A love for running or gamified fitness products 
 Experience monetizing and operating free-to-play / multiplayer games in a live environment. 
 Experience analyzing product requirements and defining technical requirements, features and tasks to implement the optimal monetization strategy. 
 Strong mathematical, analytical, communication and presentational skills.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice to have: 
 
 Unity experience 
 Experience in business information, data science, economics and marketing. 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Details: 
 
 ‍  📅 Start date:  As soon as possible! We’re ready to work with you whenever you are!  ‍ 
 💻 Remote is okay!  We are located in the Bay Area in California in PST. 
 👉 If interested, email  careers@talofagames.com  with your resume and 2-3 sentences on why you’re interested in the position! 
 💗 We’re looking for determined and responsible contributors who love what they do to join the Talofa family. We’re all family at  Talofa Games ! 
 
 ‍ **What we 're looking for: ** 
 We're huge gamers and fitness geeks! That said, we'd love to work with someone who has worked on a mobile game (a plus) and loves working on innovative and experimental gameplay. Being passionate about the intersection of fitness and games is also a plus! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Our Team: 
 Many of the people on our team are fitness and gaming enthusiasts! Together, we’ve created independent games for the last 10 years with over 9.1 million downloads on the Apple App and Google Play Stores. We’re now working in the augmented reality and fitness intersection and are award winning developers. This is a first of its kind social running game and we’re excited to be working together on it! ** 
** 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Design Researcherto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKDesign ResearcherTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Megagon Industries is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLevel DesignerMegagon Industries | AnywhereLearn More 
 Double Loop Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerDouble Loop Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
