__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Career Coaching 
 | 
 Sandy Baker 
 "I work with people who are ready to follow their own North Star, and want a little help in charting the course." 
 
 Location:  Davis, California 
 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Create a successful career while maintaining a rewarding personal life. 
 
 
 Identify your own unique values and how they align or differ from a company's values. 
 
 
 You will gain courage and strength as you move towards your goals. 
 
 
 You will learn skills for reducing stress and having more fun while improving productivity.
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 
 
 The most valuable lesson I learned while working with Sandy Baker was prioritizing" 
 
 
 "I feel the biggest benefit was getting me to think 'outside the box' " 
 
 
 "You opened me up to a side of myself that I'd been missing and forgetting to nurture." 
 
 
 "Sandy helped me to add structure to my life."
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 
 
 "Just like going on a safari, going through life can be a whole lot easier with a guide. Sandy's style of coaching helped me to find and discover myself. She asked me, "What do  you  want?", and empowered me to find the answers." - Bob Gilbert, Systems Engineer 
 
 
 "With Sandy Baker's help I was able to better able to evaluate both my client base and my personal time management skills. The increase I've found in my productivity and client relationships, as well as the reduction in stress levels ahs resulted in greater client approval as well as more personal job satisfaction." - Anne Blunden, Project Manager, Zero and Associates Mechanical Engineers 
 
 
 "In coaching sessions Sandy presented alternative ways of thinking without coming across as preaching. She provided a way for me to come up with new ways of problem solving. I was shown how to look at things differently in a manner that seemed like I was doing it on my own rather than being coached." - Michael Azevedo, Quality Assurance Manager
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 
 Challenge you to be your best 
 
 
 Help to reveal your personality traits for their best fit in a job 
 
 
 Show you how to lift limitations and expand the possibilities 
 
 
 Non-judgmental and compassionate 
 
 
 Motivating and fun
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 
 
 I believe that there is the perfect job out there for everyone. Each person has talents and strengths that will shine when working in the right environment. The trick is to find the company whose values closely align with your own. Through personality and skills assessments we can discover together your strengths and passions and then find that perfect fit. 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 
 
 Engineers looking for rewarding careers and fulfilling personal lives. 
 
 
 People who want more satisfaction in their career. Either they are looking for a new one, or they want to make their current one more enjoyable. 
 
 
 Self-motivated, high-achievers who set goals, move towards them, and want someone to bounce ideas off of and help keep them on track. 
 
 
 Individuals who feel like they are missing out on life and want to have more fun!
 What is your professional background? 
 
 
 California State Registered Professional Engineer 
 
 
 Coach-U Graduate 
 
 
 Member of the International Coach Federation 
 
 
 18 years of experience in industry as a mechanical engineer 
 
 
 Mentor for entry level engineers and managers 
 
 
 Recruiter/Assessor for the hiring of engineers
 How can clients get started working with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Order Online  through our secure checkout: Click one of the Add to Cart buttons below 
 
 
 Order by Phone  : Call our ordering department toll free at 888-491-8833
 You will then be directly contacted by the head of the coaching program to select the right coach for you. 
 
 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
