Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tier 2 Canada Research Chair in Addiction Research 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Canada Research Chair - Tier 2 Position in the Faculty of Health Sciences, Addictions Research 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the Dish With One Spoon wampum agreement. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University has a vision to achieve creativity, innovation, and excellence in teaching, research, and service by engaging a diverse and highly talented educational community and embodying the values of integrity, respect and collaboration. 
 The Faculty of Health Sciences seeks an active, culturally, and academically diverse faculty member of the highest caliber and welcomes applications from highly qualified candidates with skills and abilities that will contribute to advancing equity, diversity, and inclusion in research, teaching, and the workplace. Evidence of leadership skills, excellence in service, and a demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures is also required. 
 McMaster is experiencing an exciting period of growth in addiction research, exemplified by the burgeoning Peter Boris Centre for Addictions Research (PBCAR). Founded in 2014, the PBCAR is a partnership between McMaster’s Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Neurosciences and St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton (SJHH). Directed by Dr. James MacKillop, the Centre serves as the nexus for experimental and clinical research on addiction at McMaster and SJHH. More than 20 faculty are affiliated with the Centre, pursuing a wide variety of scholarly interests. In addition to basic biobehavioral research, the PBCAR conducts collaborative clinical research at both SJHH and Homewood Health Centre. 
 Position Description: 
The Faculty of Health Sciences invites applications for a Tier 2 CRC in addiction research, broadly defined. Priority focus areas (not ranked by order) are: 1) cognitive neuroscience, including both structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging; 2) behavioral science, including human psychopharmacology; 3) behavioural genetics/genomics; and 4) clinical research, including both observational studies and randomized controlled trials. The Chair will be a full-time appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor or Associate Professor or possess the necessary qualifications to be appointed to these levels. 
 Tier 2 Chairs, tenable for five years and renewable once, are intended for exceptional emerging researchers (i.e., candidates must have been an active researcher in their field for fewer than 10 years at the time of nomination) and acknowledged by their peers as having the potential to lead in their field. Tier 2 nominees must: 
 be excellent emerging world-class researchers who have demonstrated particular research creativity; 
have demonstrated the potential to achieve international recognition in their fields in the next five to ten years; 
as chairholders, have the potential to attract, develop and retain excellent trainees, students and future researchers; and 
be proposing an original, innovative research program of high quality. 
 Candidates who are more than 10 years from having earned their highest degree and who have had career breaks, such as maternity, parental, or extended sick leave, clinical training, etc., may have their eligibility for a Tier 2 Chair assessed through the program’s Tier 2 Justification process. Please contact Dr. Jonathan Bramson at fhsvdr@mcmaster.ca for more information. Full program information, including further details on eligibility criteria, can be found at the Canada Research Chairs website at http://www.chairs-chaires.gc.ca/program-programme/nomination- mise_en_candidature-eng.aspx. All nominations for CRCs are subject to review and final approval by the CRC Secretariat. 
 The successful applicant must demonstrate a compelling vision for both continuing and further developing McMaster’s Faculty of Health Sciences strengths in addiction research, as well as carrying on and enhancing McMaster University’s Strategic Research Plan. The candidate must have completed a Ph.D. in a related discipline. 
 The Chair will be expected to maintain an outstanding program of research, to teach at the undergraduate and graduate levels, to supervise and cultivate an intellectual community of graduate students working in one of these areas, to help sustain the collegial atmosphere within the Faculty, and to help realize the Faculty’s and University’s commitment to the goals of equity, diversity, and inclusivity. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence:  Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Statement 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to apply: 
Applicants should submit a letter of application together with a curriculum vitae, a sample of publications (up to 5), evidence of teaching effectiveness, a research program summary proposal (3 pages maximum), a summary proposal of plans for the further development in one of the aforementioned areas (cognitive neuroscience, human psychopharmacology, behavioural genetics, or clinical research); and a statement describing contributions that the applicant may have made to advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in teaching, learning, research or service within post- secondary, community-based and other professional settings (2 pages maximum). 
 The deadline for submission for this competition is December 1, 2020. 
 McMaster University recognizes the legitimate impact that career interruptions and personal circumstances (e.g., pregnancy, early childcare, eldercare, illness, etc.) can have on a candidate’s record of research achievement. Career interruptions and leaves will be taken into careful consideration during the assessment process. We encourage candidates to explain in their applications the impact that career interruptions or other issues may have had as described under “Career Interruptions and Personal Circumstances” under Guidelines for Assessing the Productivity of Nominees at https://www.chairs-chaires.gc.ca/peer_reviewers- evaluateurs/productivity-productivite-eng.aspx#career. 
 Complete applications must be submitted via the University’s electronic portal by December 1, 2020 to ensure full consideration: https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ (Faculty Postings, Job 34723). All applicants will receive an on-line confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance with Canadian Immigration requirements, Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
