
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 10+ Of The Best Career Books 2020 
 May 18, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   2 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 92 
  __Share 6 
  __Share 
 98 Shares 
 I love a good book. Growing up, my mom was an avid reader. She always always let me pick out one book every time we went to Barnes and Noble or Books A Million. (These are still some of my favorite memories!). 
 This instilled a love of reading in me that still carries on today. I typically gravitate toward self-help titles and reference materials, but am also known to enjoy a Reese Witherspoon book club pick. 
 Today, as a  Certified Professional Career Coach  (CPCC), I'm quick to recommend certain titles to my clients based on their current career needs. I truly believe every person reads a book differently and can find unique takeaways that help them get 'unstuck.' 
 So, what books in my repertoire do I repeatedly recommend in 2020? 
 Here are 10 of the best career books in 2020 under (and they're all under 20 bucks!). 
 1. The Pathfinder 
 Written by Nicholas Lore, this book is perfect for anyone who wants to find fulfilling and engaging work. The well-researched information presented is based on techniques developed by Rockport Institute, a career-counseling network. 
 I love to recommend  The Pathfinder  for people at all career stages, from recent grads to longtime workers ready for a new path. 
 
 2. The Careers Handbook 
 What's your perfect job? Many people just don't know. That's where  The Careers Handbook  can help. 
 This is a great read for people who want to turn their passion into a career or need a change but have no clue where to start. 
 I love recommending this book to recent graduates and anyone just entering the workforce. 
 
 3. Switchers 
 This book is written by a well-known psychologist and career coach, Dr. Dawn Graham. In it, she provides actionable advice you can use to make a major career move. 
 Switchers  is a title I recommend over and over again to professionals who want to transfer their existing skills into a new career. 
 
 4. Do What You Are 
 The best-selling guide,  Do What You Are  , helps you find the best career path  based on your personality. 
 A lot has changed in the world since this book was first published. The most recent version takes the changing economy and technological advances in mind when helping readers harness the power of personality for their career. 
 I frequently recommend this book to everyone from Baby Boomers to fellow Millennials who need help customizing their job search based on their unique type. 
 
 5. Career Match 
 This helpful guide is on a mission to match you with your ideal job.  Career Match  includes a bonus 10-minute self-assessment that will truly help you  connect who you are  with something you'll love in your career. 
 I tend to pass along  Career Match  to job seekers who feel stuck in a rut. Often, this guide is exactly what they need to feel professionally reinvigorated. 
 
 6. What Color Is Your Parachute? 
 No  best career books list  (even in 2020) would be complete without  What Color Is Your Parachute? . 
 This classic was named one of the top 100 non-fiction books by  TIME  and has sold more than 10 million copies worldwide. 
 My love for this book is based on its famous Flower Exercise. It allows the reader a chance to take a self-inventory that really helps identify strengths, weaknesses and  career ideals . That's why I highly recommend it for almost any job seeker, including recent grads, career changers, and unemployed. 
 
 7. I Could Do Anything If I Only Knew What It Was 
 I have to credit my mom (again) for introducing this book to me. After finding inspiration in it herself, she passed her copy onto me. And, I must say, I found it to be quite the eye opener. 
 After reading this, I had a lot more clarity on what I wanted out of life. It's no wonder, then, I highly recommend this book to my career coaching clients. 
 It's a must read for people who need a little push to get on the right path. 
 
 8. Roadmap 
 How many times have you been asked, "What do you want to do with your life?" If you're like me, it's more times than you care to remember. 
 Roadmap  seeks to help you finally answer this question once and for all. 
 I highly recommend this to my clients that are visual learners. It's packed with colorful graphs and guides that help you make sense of where you want to go in your career. 
 
 9. The Career Manifesto 
 Mike Steib wrote a popular blog post that he then transformed in  The Career Manifesto . 
 This book is a guide to help you discover your calling and create meaningful goals. 
 It's a great book I suggest to individuals who are motivated by goals and enjoy following step by step plans. 
 
 10. How To Be Everything 
 Whoever said you have to be just one thing in life?  How To Be Everything  was written to help you channel your skills and interests into your career. 
 This is a book I regularly pass on to clients who don't want to pick just one career path. Instead, they can harness all of their unique interests and transform it into a meaningful career. 
 
 11. Invaluable: Master the 10 Skills You Need to Skyrocket Your Career 
 Maya Grossman is on a mission to help you future-proof your career. Her book,  Invaluable  , shares the  10 soft skills that every professional needs . This isn't your typical career advice but rather a practical step-by-step career guide to help you grow your career. 
 If you have BIG career goals but no clue how to achieve them, this book is a good place to start. In a short time, you'll learn how to find a career you love, ways to design your own career roadmap, and amazing action steps you need to take to develop career-growing soft skills. 
 Plus, Maya has  an amazing toolkit  that accompanies the book. The Career Development Toolkit will help you clearly identify your next career moves. This is a must-read book and gotta-have toolkit for anyone who needs help planning, executing, and tracking their career success. 
 
 The Best Career Books 
 Well, there you have it -- 10+ of the best career books as picked by me a career coach. I love to recommend books to my clients. 
 Often, for under $20 a career-focused book can be a real eye opener. The right read can help you make a career breakthrough and head in the right direction, whichever way that may be. 
 So, what are you waiting for? Fire up your Kindle and start reading! You're just a page away from your next career move. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee Anderson, CPCC 
 P.S. This page contains affiliate links. What are affiliate links? They're a way for me to earn a small commission on products when you make a purchase using my affiliate link (it doesn't cost you anything extra). You can learn more by reading  my disclosure  statement. 
 P.S.S. Need one-on-one help?  Work with me ! 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 92 
  __Share 6 
  __Share 
 98 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Find A Remote Job 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Nicole  says 
 
 May 24, 2020 at 10:48 am 
 Hey Ashley, I actually read the last book and loved it. Thanks for highlighting books that career driven women can be inspired by. 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 May 28, 2020 at 8:13 am 
 Hi Nicole, 
 Glad to hear it! I'm a book nerd, for sure. I love sharing good books that provide value! 
 Happily, 
Ashlee Anderson, CPCC 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
