
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 3 Unique Companies That Hire Virtual Assistants 
 March 16, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   3 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 37 
  __Share 6 
  __Share 
 43 Shares 
 Remote virtual assistant jobs are pretty popular amongst remote job seekers. Over the years, I've highlighted  companies that hire remote virtual assistants  (VAs for short). 
 These companies are great for anyone who wants to work as a VA but doesn't want to find their own clients. Confused? Don't be. 
 You see, most VAs work in one of two ways: 
 
 Freelancer 
 Contractor 
 
 Freelance Virtual Assistant 
 As a  freelance VA , you are your own boss. You are responsible for finding clients, pricing, billing, payments and everything else. When you freelance, you can find clients on your own via online networking or use popular marketplace sites, like Upwork. 
 My friend, Gina Horkey, over at Horkey Handbook is a pro on starting a freelance VA biz. She has an amazing and comprehensive blog post that details  how to become a freelance VA is 30 days or less . Give it a read to find out if freelancing is right for you. 
 
 Contract Virtual Assistant 
 Another popular option for remote virtual assistant jobs is to contract work. As a contractor, you are hired by a single company that then contracts your services out to other companies. 
 The benefit of this is you don't have to source your own clients because the company you contract with does it for you. 
 Virtual Assistant Jobs Now Hiring 
 Now that you have a basic understanding of the types of VA work out there, let's look at 3 unique companies hiring VAs right now. 
 1. 33Vincent 
 33Vincent is a community of freelance Executive Assistants or EAs for short. EAs provide administrative support for their clients and internally to assist with 33Vincent projects. 
 All EAs at 33Vincent are contractors. To be considered you need: 
 
 Computer 
 Microsoft Office Software 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 5+ Years Experience 
 15+ Hours To Work Each Week 
 US Location 
 
 It's a bonus if you are familiar with tools like Trello, Basecamp, Slack, Evernote and Google Apps. 
 EAs get to work a flexible schedule including hours and days available. 
 Interested? Learn if you're a good fit for 33Vincent and get notified about new openings over at their  Jobs Page . 
 2. Boldly 
 Boldly is pretty unique when it comes to virtual assistant companies. That's because Boldly hires VAs to work as W2 employees. As an employee, you receive steady pay and benefits eligibility. 
 What's more, VAs at Boldly enjoy a flexible schedule while building long-term relationships. Although you work for Boldly, VAs end up assisting big-name companies like Facebook, Apple, Google, Asana, and more. 
 To work at Boldly, you must: 
 
 Live in the US 
 Have 7 years of experience 
 Work minimum 20 hours a week 
 Availability Monday through Friday 
 
 Note, while Boldly hires in the US you must reside in one of the following states: 
 California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington. 
 Boldly expects all assistants to be familiar with cloud-based technology, be dependable, and quick learners. You also need high-speed, reliable internet! 
 At this time, Boldly is actively hiring: 
 
 Executive Assistant 
 Marketing & Social Media Specialist 
 Project Management 
 Paralegal 
 
 There is even a  special program for Military Spouses ! 
 Check out the  Careers Page at Boldly  to learn more about all job openings and start the application process. 
 3. Team Delegate 
 Team Delegate has been in the virtual assistant business for nearly 20 years. 
 They pride themselves on offering quality contract services to companies who need administrative help. To do that, Team Delegate is always looking to add experienced Virtual Assistants and  Virtual Bookkeepers  to their team. 
 Note: If you want to learn more about becoming a Virtual Bookkeeper checkout this post on  Virtual Bookkeeping Jobs . 
 To be considered at Team Delegate, you must have: 
 
 3 years of experience 
 A full home office setup, including MS Office and high-speed internet 
 Computer with webcam 
 Smartphone 
 
 All applicants are hired as 1099 contractors and must pass a background check. You must also have availability during 'normal' business hours (Monday - Friday). This is not a side hustle position or one that can be done outside of another job. 
 Think you have what it takes? Visit the  Team Delegate Hiring Page . There you can learn more about the company and view open positions. 
 
 Virtual Assistant Training 
 As a career coach, I work with a lot of job seekers that are interested in Virtual Assistant Jobs but don't feel their in-office experience translate well to a virtual environment. 
 And that's okay. Office experience in the admin field is a great starting point for a VA career. However, if you've never worked remotely or aren't familiar with cloud technology and apps, you might feel unprepared to apply to VA jobs. 
 Fortunately, there are some online training programs you can use to strengthen your existing administrative skills and learn new skills to make you a standout VA. 
 Horkey Handbook 
 As I mentioned earlier, Gina Horkey is the go-to expert in the world of virtual assistants. She primarily teaches aspiring VAs how to launch and scale their own VA businesses. 
 If you're interested in freelancing,  Horkey Handbook  is the place for you. You'll learn how to start a VA business from scratch using what you already know and by adding a few new remote-friendly skills under your belt. 
 LinkedIn Learning 
 If you're not sold on starting a freelancing business of your own, that's okay too. You can turn to LinkedIn to learn and develop VA skills that will make you a great hire. 
 There are a ton of opportunities to find a land remote work on LinkedIn. It only makes sense that you use the largest professional networking platform to develop new skills too. 
 When you complete courses, you receive certificates you can display directly on your LinkedIn Profile. This will help strengthen your profile and give you an overall boost in your credibility as a remote worker. 
 As a bonus, you can  try LinkedIn Learning Free for 30 Days.  In that time, you can take and complete courses perfect for aspiring VAs like Excel, Google Apps, QuickBooks, and so much more. 
 Virtual Assistant Jobs Remote 
 There are a lot of ways to become a remote virtual assistant. The three companies listed here are a great place to start your remote job search but not your only options. 
 Remember, you can  Jump Start Your Remote Job Search  with me, a Certified Professional Career Coach. I show you how to develop your resume and LinkedIn profiles, find real remote job leads, and interview like a pro so you can transition from commuter to telecommuter. 
 You can also search popular job sites like  ZipRecruiter  to find job leads or get recruited by companies. 
 There are plenty of paths you can take as you work to kick your cubicle to the curb. If you're feeling stuck or just want to say hello, be sure to leave a comment below. 
 Happy job searching. 
 _This post contains affiliate links. Please read my disclosure statement  to learn more. _ 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 37 
  __Share 6 
  __Share 
 43 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Company Reviews ,  Find A Remote Job ,  Uncategorized  Tagged With:  remote virtual assistant jobs ,  virtual assistant jobs ,  virtual assistant jobs remote 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Sophia Lindo-Farquharson says 
 
 March 18, 2020 at 12:46 am 
 Good Day Ashlee, 
 I have been wanting to do some VA work for a while now but now one seems interested in hiring me. I most definitely would like to start my own VA business. Do you have any other tips for me?. I do have a experience and I am always taking more classes to stay relevant. 
 
 Karen says 
 
 March 18, 2020 at 3:29 pm 
 Are there any work from home jobs for seniors to supplement their income? Preferably not too technical. I’m a fast learner and a very dependable, conscientious hard worker. 
Thanks Ashlee, 
Karen 
 
 Anna says 
 
 March 25, 2020 at 11:57 pm 
 So I’m really new at everything but I’m so fed up with working all the time. I’m a custodian and I’m even having to work during this pandemic because I’m the one that does all the disinfecting and stuff such as this. I’m really frustrated and I don’t know where to start but I’d like to start working from home if at all possible. Any help is appreciated. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
