Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Gastroenterologist with expertise in Abdominal Ultrasound, Division of Gastroeneterology 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Medicine 
Competition No. - A100639768 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Gastroenterology in partnership with Alberta Health Services, invites applications for an academic gastroenterologist with clinical and research expertise in inflammatory bowel diseases to be based at the University of Alberta Hospital. 
 Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to 39,000 students and 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The University of Alberta also leads the Canadian National Transplant Research Program (CNTRP), is home to the Northern Alberta Clinical Trials and Research Centre (NACTRC), a state of the art infrastructure for clinical trials and the Canadian National Institute for Nanotechnology (NINT). 
 The Division of Gastroenterology currently has 21 MD members and is one of the largest gastroenterology, hepatology, endoscopy, motility and nutrition centers in Canada. It manages leading-edge clinical, basic and translational research programs involving 45 graduate and undergraduate students; over 3 million dollars in basic and clinical research funding annually and has developed the Centres of Excellence for Gastrointestinal Inflammation and Immunity Research (CEGIIR) and Gastrointestinal and Liver Disease Research (GILDR). As a major tertiary academic referral centre, the Division of Gastroenterology at the University of Alberta Hospital has a highly specialized consultation and advanced therapeutic endoscopy facility conducting some 25.000 endoscopies annually, an abdominal ultrasound lab with full PACS integration, two state-of-the-art inpatient units, a state of the art outpatient research and consultation clinic (Zeidler Ledcore Centre) staffed with highly skilled digestive disease specialist physicians, nurses and scientists. 
 The successful candidate will be an MD (or equivalent) with certification in Gastroenterology with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada, or be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA). The qualified individual will have extensive experience in abdominal ultrasound including advanced techniques such as vascular imaging, liver imaging and contrast application. Moreover, proven experience in conducting research studies, a strong track record in publishing original research studies and international academic recognition are key requirements. The position will involve a significant, contractually specified portion protected time for research with the remainder spent on clinical work, teaching and administration. It is intended to appoint her or him as the Director of the Abdominal Ultrasound Lab. 
 The successful candidate will be offered a contingent tenured or tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant, Associate or Full Professor in the Department of Medicine, which is in accordance with the University of Alberta Faculty Agreement, and offers a comprehensive benefits package. 
 Remuneration for this position is based on the Academic Alternative Relationship Plan (AMHSP). Salary will be commensurate with education and experience. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and a structured curriculum vitae to: 
 Daniel C. Baumgart, MD, PhD, MBA, FRCP (London), AGAF 
 Professor and Director, Division of Gastroenterology 
 AHS Section Head Gastroenterology, Edmonton Zone 
 Zeidler Ledcor Centre 
 130 University Campus NW 
 University of Alberta 
 Edmonton, AB T6G 2X8 
 email:  eagastro@ualberta.ca 
 Applications will begin being reviewed on September 9th, 2019, however; the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, and abundance of outdoor activities in the surrounding parks, lakes, forests and close by Rocky Mountains, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit https://www.travelalberta.com/ca/places-to-go/northern-alberta/edmonton/ 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services are committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
