Skip to content 
   
 Stephen Page 
 Author: The Salty River Bleeds, The Timbre of Sand, Still Dandelions, A Ranch Bordering the Salty River. Alum: Palomar College, Columbia University, Bennington College. Follow on twitter @SmpageSteve on Instagram @smpagemoria on Facebook @steven.page.1481 
 Category: job 
 Happy Labor Day! Today I am Rereading "What Work Is" by Philip Levine 
 What Work Is 
By Philip Levine 
77 pages. Alfred A Knopf Books, $15.00. 
Reviewed by Stephen Page 
 Philip Levine is the voice of the working class, the undereducated,  the unambitious. He speaks for those who do not know how to speak for themselves or were never taught how to stand up for themselves. He gives voice to those who never thought to ask, “Is this what work is really all about?” He creates portraitures of laborers and brings them to life, allowing them to communicate to the reader, even if it is only through their actions. Levine, a master artist, after giving the subjects sound and movement, mutes them again, paints them back into their frames. 
 We are drawn into the first poem, a rendering of man wearing rubber protective gear and a respirator descending the steps into a pickling tank to work with a cocktail of hydrochloric acid and other caustic chemicals. The man knows of the dangers of his job, but continues to go down into the tank twice a day. At lunch he sits apart from the other workers in silence. He is proud that the other workers know him only by his nickname, and proud that his dangerous job gives him reputation and meaning in life. 
 The second poem, “Coming Close,” mootably the best of the collection, begins with the narrator pausing for a moment to scrutinize a fellow worker to whom he delivers parts: 
 Take this quiet woman, she has been 
 standing before a polishing wheel 
 for over three hours, and she lacks 
 over twenty minutes before she can take 
 a lunch break. Is this a woman? 
 Consider the arms as they press 
 the long brass tube against the buffer, 
 they are striated along the triceps, 
 the three heads of which clearly show. 
 Consider the fine dusting of dark down 
 above the upper lip, and the beads 
 of sweat that run from under the red 
 kerchief across the brow…. 
 then lifting with a gasp, the first word 
 of tenderness between the two of you, 
 then you must bring new trays of dull, 
 unpolished tubes. You must feed her, 
 as they say in the language of the place. 
 Make no mistake, the place has a language, 
 and if by some luck the power were cut, 
 the wheel slowed to a stop…she would turn 
 to you and say, “Why?” Not the old why 
 of why must I spend five nights a week?” 
 Just “Why” even if by some magic 
 you knew, you wouldn’t dare speak 
 for fear of her laughter, which now 
 you have anyway as she places the five 
 tapering fingers of her filthy hand 
 on the arm of your white shirt to mark 
 you for your own, now and forever. 
 The narrator is aghast at the appearance of the worker, thinks it a mutation, an unnatural being. It is only at the end of the poem that he admits she is a woman, with the image of the feminine fingers. There is no direct conversation between them, only their mutual knowledge of work slang, a gasp, her laughter, and a final physical touch. She doesn’t question her existence, would only question why the wheel stopped, if it did, as if her work were her only means of identity. The narrator does not tell but allows you to figure out that it is possibly the work that has changed her physical appearance. 
 In “Growth,” we have another statement on the dumb self-image: 
 In the soap factory where I worked 
 when I was fourteen, I spoke to 
 no one and only on man spoke 
 to me….. 
 where I hammered and sawed, singing 
 my new life of working and earning, 
 outside in the fresh air of Detroit 
 in 1942, a year of growth. 
 The boy, bursting into adolescence and the age of individuality, celebrates his place in the world by being proud he is earning money, not a bad thing considering it is a time of high unemployment, but he is not even considering the dangers of working in a soap factory. There is only a snide remark on the polluted air of Detroit. He feels no need to talk to anyone. He identifies himself through his newly found job as if it were a badge pinned on him saying, hey, this is who I am. 
 “Among Children” is a portrayal of a schoolteacher in a fourth grade classroom. His students are the children of the factory workers that live in and around Flint. They are at naptime, a metaphor for how they are inevitably going to sleep their way through life, “so as to be ready for what is ahead,” slaving silently at dangerous jobs until they meet death. The children at ten years old are already being trained as physical laborers, evident by: 
 …how there backs have thickened, 
 how their small hands, soiled by pig iron, 
 leap and stutter even in dreams. 
 The teacher has no words of encouragement for them, no hope that they will be anything else in life other than what they are, what they were born into. He even reflects back to their births, stating, “not one said, I am sick, I am tired, I want to go home,” revealing personalities that will be perfect for silent acceptance into the working life. 
 In another teacher-student poem, “M. Degas Teaches Art & Science at Durfee Intermediate School,” the teacher makes a diagonal line across the blackboard and asks, “What have I done?” Several children offer logical answers, “You’ve broken a piece of chalk,” “you have created the hypotenuse of an isosceles triangle,” “you have begun to represent the roof of a barn,” “You’ve begun to separate the dark from the dark,” but M. Degas is waiting for only one answer—hers. This is a statement on conformity, the taking away of free thought that is prevalent in working-class public schools, and perhaps for a reason. How else will these students grow up and tolerate their grinding lives if they are not taught to accept authority. An orange is blue, if that is what the boss tells you. And, you, the worker, will agree, may even come to believe it. 
 The collection ends with “The Seventh Summer,” a poem about the narrator’s problems with his Jewishness. He receives all kinds of flak for his religious identity, and for several hours one fine summer Sunday, he doubts his teachings and his God. He spends the afternoon enjoying the beauty of the world and life, thinking that it could possibly be the suffering of the Son of God who made salvation possible. In the end, he rescinds into himself and his belief, though he never tells anyone, never stands up for himself. He slips out of the poem in silence, holding his head down with his Christian friends during grace, abstaining from saying the words, most definitely not thankful for what is being fed to him, and not accepting the norm. 
 Levine is from Detroit, where most of these poems take place. Unlike most of the people portrayed in What Work Is, Levine went to college and received a degree. He, unlike his portraitures, chose to do physical labor because he wanted a non-thinking job in order to free his mind to write. Levine offers no hope for the majority of the working class, offers no solution for the masses. He offers no demonstrations, no sit-down strikes, no cry against working conditions, no ripple in the fabric of society. There is only hope for the individual, not for the group. Does that diminish from the collection? On the contrary, it is non-didactic. By exposing these conditions Levine allows the readers to draw their own conclusions, to learn from the mistakes of others. Yes, Levine deserves the recognition he received for this book. He is a master poet—a maestro of maestros. 
 This review first published in the  Buenos Aires Herald . 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 Instagram 
 Telegram 
 WhatsApp 
 Skype 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Stephen Page.   Book Review ,  Buenos Aires Herald ,  Detroit ,  factory work ,  job ,  life ,  Literary Criticism ,  Philip Levine ,  S. M. Page ,  Stephen Page ,  Uncategorized ,  Work ,  working class   6 Comments   September 7, 2020September 7, 2020  5 Minutes 
 "In The Local News" by Stephen Page 
 In The Local News  by Stephen Page as published on  madswirl 
 read here:  In The Local News 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 Instagram 
 Telegram 
 WhatsApp 
 Skype 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Stephen Page.   administration ,  Bennington College alumnus ,  Bennington College MFA graduate ,  Broward College alumnus ,  Columbia University alumnus ,  Columbia University School of Arts ,  Columbia University School of General Studies ,  Columbia University Writing ,  cowboys ,  ephanies ,  epiphany ,  gauchos ,  In The Local News ,  job ,  life ,  madswirl ,  MFA Bennington College ,  MH ,  Montana Artists Refuge ,  Muse ,  muses ,  narrator ,  nature ,  Palomar College alumnus ,  Poetry ,  poetry by S. M. Page ,  Poetry by Stephen Page ,  rain ,  Ranching ,  reverence of nature ,  Stephen Page ,  thunderstorm ,  Vermont Studio Center Fellow ,  wandering spirits   Leave a comment   September 25, 2015October 11, 2015  1 Minute 
 Story, "Jake Sclavus," by Stephen Page 
 Jake Sclavus 
 by Stephen Page 
 My beeper is going off, so I look down to see the number on the display screen. It’s the grocery store. I run toward the store, hoping it isn’t anything serious. This job is generally boring, in fact, deathly boring, but when something exciting happens, it is usually the kind of excitement that sane people try to avoid. Crossing the large parking lot, I dodge moving cars, scattered shopping carts, and slow-moving people. I check to see that my handcuffs are in place on my security belt as I enter the store. My three-cell, heavy-duty flashlight is in my right hand. The manager of the store tells me there is an “undesirable” walking around, one that has been picked up before on shoplifting charges. The manager points him out to me and I begin to follow him around. He hasn’t yet noticed me when he cuts into one of the aisles with some food items in his hand. When I turn the corner of the aisle, there he is, gulping down a quart of milk. There is half-eaten lunch meat and cheese in his hand. He has long, matted hair and he is wearing an Army trench coat, old jeans, T-shirt, and worn-out tennis shoes-all of which look like they have been worn for several weeks without a washing. He gapes at me. A few of his front teeth are missing. I ask him if he is going to pay for the items, and he says, “Yes.” I say, “Let’s go then,” and he says, “Fuck you.” He begins to walk out the door. I tell him if he walks out the door, I will have to apprehend him. He says, “You wouldn’t dare.” I tell the manager to call the police as I follow him out the store. When we are outside, he turns and bumps me with his chest. I am surprised because his body is hard and wiry, his muscles hard as steel. A fork has appeared in his right hand, and he is holding it in a menacing manner. I notice that the sun has gone down and the parking lot has emptied. There is a slight chill in the air. The manger comes outside and tells me that the police will not arrive for at least half-an-hour. Then he disappears, ducking quickly back into the store. I look down at the very sharp fork waving around in the air. Just then, a police car pulls into the parking lot. I think they are there to assist me, but it turns out they are headed for the Mexican restaurant located at the other end of the parking lot. I yell, “Hey!” They turn their car around and head toward me and the hungry man with the fork in his hand. They end up arresting him. 
 
 
 
 I am walking around the parking lot. I am bored. My mind is numb from lack of use. It feels like someone has had it freeze-dried, or at the very least, cut off its blood supply. The only part of my brain that is alive is the motor-function area, and a minute section of the language area that keeps reverberating, “I’m bored, I’m bored, I’m bored.” It takes absolutely no intelligence to do this kind of work. I am trying to figure how a person like me ends up with a job like this. 
 
 
 
 It is near closing time. Three more minutes and I can lock the doors and go home. I am lazily staring through the glass doors and out over the parking lot. Suddenly, a man appears in front of me, on the other side of the glass, his eyes are bloodshot and glassy. I have to let him in because it isn't yet closing time. I open the doors and he just stands there. It isn’t very cold out, but he is shivering. “I just seen my friend get killed,” he says. “Over drugs.” I feel terrible. Then I remember I’m on duty. “Was it here, in this parking lot?” “No,” he says. “A few blocks away.” His eyes stare unfocused on an imaginary spot over my shoulder. His pupils are dilated. “He was shot, man. Three times. In the gut. He just lay there and bled all over the ground.” I look down and notice he has one of his hands in his jacket pocket. There is a bulge in that pocket, and he is lifting the bulge up, pushing it forward, pointing it toward me. “Sorry,” I say. “But it’s near closing time. I have to lock up.” I quickly begin to close the doors. He doesn’t move. He's still staring at the imaginary place behind me, still pointing the bulge at me. He looks like he is ready to cry. I finally get the doors closed in front of him, lock them, and move off like I have something to do. 
 
 
 
 I am walking around the parking lot. My legs are tired and my feet are killing me. My new shoes are pinching across the tops of my toes and rubbing sore spots on the backs of my heels. When the eight-hour shift finally ends, I hobble to my car and drive home. When I arrive, I take off my shoes and socks and notice the skin is missing on numerous spots around my feet. I soak my feet in Epsom salts and wince at the pain. The next day, when I wear tennis shoes, the Sergeant of the Guard chastises me for not having black shoes on. 
 
 
 
 A commotion breaks out at the far end of the parking lot. Because of all the cars, I can’t see what it is, but I can hear a lot of shouting. I follow the noise until I arrive at the scene. I find a man and a woman arguing. A few people have gathered to watch. Nobody is interfering or saying anything, even though the man is moving toward the woman, gesticulating in a manner that is causing her to walk backward. The man is about six-foot-four, and weighs about two hundred and forty pounds; maybe that is why nobody is doing anything. I check to make sure my battery-powered zapper is on my belt. My ever-present flashlight is swinging in my right hand. “Please take your argument elsewhere,” I tell them. They ignore me. I say it louder. They still ignore me. “I want my baby,” the man says. “If you’re going to leave me, I want my baby.” “No,” she says. “I’m taking her to my mother’s.” By this time the man has the woman backed up to the trunk of a car. She looks like she wants to crawl backward over the top of the car. She is not afraid to argue back though, and keeps the emphatic rhetoric going, all the time eyeing his hands. I walk up next to them and yell, “Take your problems off this parking lot!” “Stay out of this,” the man says as he turns his face toward me. That is all the time the woman needs. In the split-second it takes the man to turn his attention, the woman ducks under one of his arms and begins running toward an idling car. Behind the steering wheel is another woman, holding a baby. The man turns and takes a step in their direction. I quickly maneuver around him and stop a few steps in front of him. He looks intent on tearing me limb-from-limb. His eyes are flashing fire. He steps up to me and towers over me. I stand my ground. He looks surprised. “You’re only doing this because I’m black,” he says. “No,” I say. “It’s my job. I have to do this.” The car behind me squeals off, carrying with it the two women and the baby. The man looks over my head and begins to relax. “She’s a terrible mother,” he says. He turns and saunters off toward a large four-by-four vehicle, gets in, and slowly drives off. I relax the tight grip I had on my flashlight. 
 
 
 
 Tonight I am working at the local hospital. It is near the end of my shift, but my replacement hasn’t arrived yet. I wait, fifteen minutes, half-an-hour, an hour-and-a-half. It is near midnight. I call the officer of the day and tell him what happened. He asks me to work a double shift. They never pay overtime, but I agree. I drink another cup of coffee, buy a newspaper and check the want-ads. 
 
 
 
 I am working out in the Palomar area, guarding an office building on the midnight shift. I took this post because I can sit in my car most of the time and study. I only have to walk around every hour, check the area, and make sure all the office doors are locked. It is cold here at night. Whoever said it doesn't get cold in sunny Southern California never lived away from the coast, and never worked outside at nighttime in the winter. I have a Volkswagen, so the heater doesn't work unless I am driving 40 miles an hour. Since it’s hard to drive around the parking lot at night at 40 miles and hour and study at the same time, I sit in my car and study by flashlight. The bad light bothers my eyes. Even when I wear long johns, my legs go numb after ten or fifteen minutes. 
 
 
 
 I am sleeping soundly when the phone rings. It is the officer of the day, asking me to come into work. I look at the clock and notice it has only been six hours since I left my last post. A headache creeps into my frontal lobes. My neck tenses up. I tell him, “Yes,” hang up, and stumble toward the shower. As the water washes over me, I remember what I studied last year in American history: at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, business owners exploited their workers to every extent possible. As I make myself coffee, I wonder what happened to the strong labor unions of the 1970’s. As I drive to work, I look down at the gas needle. It hovers near the empty mark. I think about the one hundred-fifty dollar paycheck I received for last week’s pay. 
 
 
 
 Sometime around three in the morning, on one of my rounds at the Palomar office building, around the back, next to one of the dumpsters, where the smell of rotting lunch scraps and ink-smeared photocopy paper mingles with the night air, I find a man sleeping on the ground. He is wrapped up in a dirty Army-surplus sleeping bag. He is snoring. With my foot, I tap the end of the sleeping bag where his feet are. It takes me three or four nudges to wake him. “You’re going to have to leave,” I say. “No one is allowed on these premises at night.” “Man, do you know who God is?” he asks. “I’m sorry, but you're going to have to leave.” “Do you go to church, man?” “Look, you have to leave the area.” “I didn’t think you went to church. Otherwise you wouldn’t be kicking me out of here.” I wait as he slowly stands and rolls up his sleeping bag, grumbling all the time about God and church. I watch as he picks up pieces of food from the ground, wraps them in a greasy piece of typing paper, and deposits the package in his pocket. I follow him until he walks off the parking lot. “Go to church, man,” he says as he walks away. 
 
 
 
 I got this job, finally. After six months of checking the want-ads, making phone calls, driving around, pounding the pavement, filling out apps, and getting drunk every evening, I got this job. 
 Story, "Jake Sclavus," by S.M. Page as published in @columbiaquarto. Flip to page 71.  http://issuu.com/quarto/docs/1995 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 Instagram 
 Telegram 
 WhatsApp 
 Skype 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Stephen Page.   Alan Ziegler ,  Columbia University ,  Columbia University alumni ,  Columbia University alumnus ,  Columbia University School of Arts ,  Columbia University School of General Studies ,  epiphany ,  fiction ,  job ,  Leslie T. Sharpe ,  Morningside Heights ,  Quarto ,  S. M. Page ,  security guard ,  Short Story ,  Stephen Page ,  Uncategorized   Leave a comment   July 24, 2015October 1, 2015  8 Minutes 
 Follow Stephen Page on WordPress.com 
 Alma Matters 
 
 Stephen Page recently stopped by Vermont Studio Center 
 Visiting Alma Matter by Invite 
 
 Awards and nominations for Stephen Page 
 
 Author of the Month… Stephen Page! 
 FINISHING LINE PRESS BOOK OF THE DAY:A Ranch Bordering the Salty River by Stephen Page 
 First Place Award in Poetry for the 2019 Bravura Literary Journal 
 First Place Award in Poetry for the 2019 Bravura Literary Journal 
 FLP Author of the Day 
 Poem of the Week 
 Pushcart Prize Nomination from Paddock Review 
 Reader Picks For The Holidays 2016 - 2017 
 Reader Picks For The Holidays 2017 - 2018 
 Summer Reading Recommendations 
 
 Books by Stephen Page 
 
 A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Still Dandelions 
 The Salty River Bleeds 
 The Timbre of Sand 
 
 Editorial work by Stephen Page 
 
 at Quarto 
 Drunken Boat 
 
 Essays by Stephen Page 
 
 Essays on Writing 
 Form plus Content Equeats Meaning 
 Oliver as Nature 
 Poetry is Place 
 
 Fellowships awarded Stephen Page 
 
 at Vermont Studio Center 
 at Vermont Studio Center 2 
 
 Fiction by Stephen Page 
 
 Bridges Made from Junk 
 Damien Ricardo III and Goneril Elektra | Mad Swirl 
 Jake Sclavus 
 Riding the Wind 
 Seeing at Night 
 Soap Box Derby 
 Taking the Truck Back (in Spring Issue) 
 The Courts-martial of Lance Corporal Jones 
 
 Good News for Stephen Page 
 
 A Ranch Bordering The Salty River goes into Second Printing 
 
 Interviewed by Stephen Page 
 
 Esther Cross (part 1): Creation 
 Esther Cross 2: Translating (or Re-Creation) 
 
 Interviews with Stephen Page 
 
 by Caitlin O'Neil: Triangulated 
 by Fox Chase Review: 10 Questions 
 Interview w/ Stephen Page by Scott Golden on Blog Talk Radio 
 Interview with Stephen Page by Garrett Dennert of Olson's Publishing 
 Interview with Stephen Page by Kevin Cooper of KC BOOKS & MUSIC 
 Poetry Mini Interview with Stephen Page 1 
 Poetry Mini Interview with Stephen Page part 2 
 Stephen Page on Arm_Cast_Project_Pen_Show_189 
 
 Literary Criticism by Stephen Page 
 
 100 Selected Poems by e.e. cummings 
 A Poetry Handbook 
 “Blossom” by Donigan Merritt 
 “The Psychologist and the Foreign Language Teacher” by Wilga M. Rivers 
 Bitter Angel 
 Celebrity Chekhov 
 Che Boludo 
 Gratitude to Old Teachers by Robert Bly 
 Libro de lectura by Ángela Pradelli 
 Lucky Girl, a memoir by Mei-Ling Hopgood 
 Mortal by Ivy Alvarez 
 October, by Louise Glück 
 Places/Everyone by Jim Daniels 
 Poetry, Language, Thought by Martin Heidegger 
 Reader Picks for the Holidays 2018 
 Rookery by Traci Brimhall (in honor of International Women's Day) 
 Seven Floors Up by Cati Porter 
 Shen Had Some Horses by Joy Harjo 
 Snow White Horses by Ed Ochester 
 The Dirty Life by Kristin Kimball 
 The Diviners 
 The Gold Cell by Sharon Olds 
 The Gospel of Barbque 
 The Last Cowboys at the End of the World By Nick Reding 
 The Philosopher Savant 
 The Psychologist and the Foreign Language Teacher By Wilga M. Rivers 
 The Wine-Dark House by Rustin Larson 
 Versos De Un Doctor Criollo 
 Vox Angelica by Timothy Liu 
 What Narcissism Means to Me by Tony Hoagland 
 What Work is by Philip Levine 
 Wild Iris by Louise Glück 
 Winter Stars by Larry Levis 
 Women Up On Blocks by Mary Akers 
 
 Mentions 
 
 Poetry book by Stephen Page: A Ranch Bordering The Salty River 
 
 Misc 
 
 Finishing Line Press 
 In Nashville 
 Pushcart Prize Nomination from Paddock Review 
 
 People Reading Stephen Page's Books 
 
 A Columbia University alumnus reading "A Ranch Bordering the Salty River" 
 A Denver resident reading “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River" 
 A fan and cat lover reading “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River.” 
 A Judge of “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River.” 
 A Nightstand Reader in Buenos Aires Comments on A Ranch Bordering The Salty River 
 A Tourist in Venice reading “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River.” 
 An Apósteles Fan Reading A Ranch Boredering the Salty River 
 An Office Worker Drinking Coffee and Reading “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” 
 Último libro de poesía de mi amigo Stephen Page “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” 
 Book stack 
 Columbia University alumnus reading "A Ranch Bordering the Salty River" 
 Familial Fan Reading A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Felicitaciones por el nuevo libro, Stephen Page 
 Happy Mother's Day 
 I Was a Soldier 
 Mong Lan Sets A Ranch Bordering the Salty River to Music 
 Patrick Lemoine reads “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” in Paris - The photographer of the cover photo of “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” (Patrick Lemoine) finally gets his copy of the book and reads it in Paris – Les Jardins du Luxembourg 
 this little gem is a unique collection of poems 
 un bello libro de un gran autor y además dedicado!!! 
 
 Poetry by Stephen Page 
 
 3 Sonnets from The Timbre of Sand by Stephen Page published in the Buenos Aires Herald 
 5 Poems by Stephen Page 
 A Muddy River 
 A Poem about Corn 
 A Poem about Wheat 
 a robin watching me 
 After Devaluation 
 after the rain 
 after the rain 
 ‘Distant Trees’ by Stephen Page from “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” on Verse Daily 
 Barefoot Night Beach Walk 
 beneath the ivy by stephen page 
 cardinal 
 Dear Father 
 Dear Santa Ana 
 El Misionero and The Wayward 
 Fauna by Stephen Page as published on North of Oxford 
 Finally and In the Room of the Dead 
 Flora 
 Gracery Shopping 
 green blood 
 haiku and senryu by Stephen Page on the zen space 
 Hen Eggs 
 Horse Thief 
 How Septermber Begins for Jonathan 
 I Was a Soldier 
 In The Local News, The Head, The Cattle Rustler, and Guias 
 It Never Ends 
 Last Night I Dreamed Rain, The Horseback Vet, and On Ranching 
 macbeth and white yucca plant flowers 
 morning coffee 
 My Re-edification 
 on a park bench 
 On Ranching 
 opening the shades 
 opening the shades 
 Pacman 
 Parrot Plague (on page 37) 
 Parrot Plague (on page 37) 
 Poem by Stephen Page in new Voice and Verse 
 Reading Aloud for his Grandson 
 Researching and The Pain from my Childhood 
 Satellites 
 Teresa: My Mask of Day 
 The 13th 
 the blinding sunlight 
 The Central Home 
 The Complexity of Managing Ranch Employees, On a Winter Walk, and This Morning 
 The Cycle of Things On Santa Ana and Everywhere 
 The Day a Rabbit Fell Out of a Tree 
 The Drought 
 The Excuse Maker 
 The Horseback Vet 
 The Legend of the Wood 
 the night is long 
 The Salty River 
 the song of the sparrow 
 The Tattler 
 Today, Yesterday, Waiting 
 Transformations 
 Tree Root 
 Tree Root (again) 
 walking at sunset 
 winter fog 
 Woman in Purple Shirt 
 Your Violet Hair Ribbon 
 
 Readings, Book Signings, Presentations by Stephen Page 
 
 A Night of Poetry And Music 
 at Ernesto Sabato Foundation 
 At S. A. D. E. for Glot of Poetry Reading Series 
 at Vermont Studio Center 
 Talkarama Presents poet Stephen Page with a talk about his new book: “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” 
 
 Residencies awarded Stephen Page 
 
 at Vermont Studio Center 
 at Vermont Studio Center 2 
 
 Reviews, Blurbs, Comments, Press Releases on Stephen Page's Writings 
 
 a character-driven poetic narrative 
 a memorable collection 
 A Nightstand Reader in Buenos Aires Comments on A Ranch Bordering The Salty River 
 A Universe Within Verse | Poets 
 Author publishes new book 
 “The Timbre of Sand” book review 
 Bennington College alumnus publishes third book 
 Blurb by Ed Ochester on A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Book Review A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Book Review by Garrett Dennert on Orson's Pubishing - A Ranch Bordering the Salty River by Stephen Page 
 Congrats 
 Exelente el libro “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” 
 Familial Fan Reading A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Felicitaciones por el nuevo libro, Stephen Page 
 It Was Amazing 
 Like Fine Wine 
 Lovely Keepsake of Poems 
 Michigan Poet Turns Experience Into "A Ranch Bordering The Salty River" 
 Michigan Poet Turns Experience Into “A Ranch Bordering The Salty River” 2 
 More Than Butterflies Passing By 
 Orson´s Publishing Review A Ranch Bordering the Salty River 
 Ranch Gates 
 Review by Susan Deer Cloud 
 review of A Ranch Boardering the Salty River by JTCH 
 Save Our Trees 
 Tense With Poles 
 The Light Rain 
 The Price of Utopia 
 the world of the gauchos 
 this little gem is a unique collection of poems 
 tomando mate y leyendo "a ranch bordering the salty river" 
 Tweet by Bennington MFA on Twitter – Congrats to Stephen Page 
 un bello libro de un gran autor y además dedicado!!! 
 Who knew 
 
 Stephen Page Teaching 
 
 English 
 Film Studies 
 
 Stephen Page's Work Quoted 
 
 Memory’s Landscape — I don’t understand why distance must be measured in nonnegative numbers. 
 
 Where to find Stephen Page's books 
 
 A Ranch Bordering the Salty River is now available at Librerias Entre Libros 
 Ann Arbor, Michigan 
 “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” can be found in Libros-Libros in Punta Shopping Uruguay 
 “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” is now available at La Bourgogne in Punta del Este 
 “A Ranch Bordering the Salty River” is now on Barnes & Noble 
 Detroit Rocks! 
 In Cúspide 
 In Nashville 
 
 Worthy Books 
 
 13 book Recs 
 
 Worthy Websites 
 
 Bailey Spry 
 Bennington College MFA in Writing 
 Bennington Review 
 Bold + Italic 
 brass bell 
 Bravura Literary Journal 
 BurningWord 
 Cailin O'Neil Aramal 
 Cascadia Review 
 Chip Livingston 
 Dennis Caswell 
 Diane Sahms-Guarnieri 
 Drunken Boat 
 Ernesto Sabato Foundation 
 Extracts - Daily Dose of Lit 
 Finishing Line Press 
 Foliate Oak Literary Magazine 
 Fox Chase Reading Seires 
 g emil reutter 
 Gently Read Literarture 
 Gordon Writes 
 Hinchas de Poesia 
 Hobo Camp Review 
 How Journal 
 Laura DiNovis Berry of Berry's Book Reviews 
 Linden Avenue Literary Journal 
 Lit UP Magazine 
 Luciole Press 
 madswirl 
 Maestros Journal 
 New Plains Review 
 North of Oxford 
 Orson’s Publishing 
 Prairie Poetry 
 Quarto 
 Red Dashboard LLC Publishing 
 Reunion - The Dallas Review 
 San Diego Poetry Annual 
 South Florida Arts Museum 
 Starbucks 
 SYNESTHESIA LITERARY JOURNAL 
 Two Hawks Quarterly 
 vox poetica 
 Western Press Books 
 Zymbol Magazine 
 
 Gravatar Profile 
 Stephen Page. 
 Stephen Page is from Detroit. He is part Shawnee and part Apache. He is the author of four books of poetry - The Salty River Bleeds, A Ranch Bordering the Salty River, The Timbre of Sand, and Still Dandelions. He holds two AA’s from Palomar College, a BA from Columbia University, and an MFA from Bennington College. He also attended Broward College. His literary criticisms have appeared regularly in the Buenos Aires Herald, How Journal, Gently Read Literature, North of Oxford, and the Fox Chase Review. His fiction has been published in Quarto, The Whistling Fire, and Amphibi. He is the recipient of The Jess Cloud Memorial Prize, a Writer-in-Residence from the Montana Artists Refuge, a Full Fellowship from the Vermont Studio Center, an Imagination Grant from Cleveland State University, and an Arvon Foundation Ltd. Grant. He loves his wife, travel, family, and friends. 
 Personal Links 
 
  Stephen Page  
 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Quote 
 "Travel is the library of the mind." -- Stephen Page 
 Quote 
 "Do not want the things you give people." –- Stephen Page 
 Follow Stephen Page on WordPress.com 
 Follow Stephen Page on Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Contact Page 
 24 
 Follow Stephen Page on WordPress.com 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Quote 
 "Owning something is a ball on a chain." -- Stephen Page 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
