
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Sales Corporate Recruiter 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of  Glassdoor’s  Best Places to Work. 
 90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 We are looking for an experienced Recruiter to join our growing Talent Acquisition Division; located in our corporate office in Suburban Philadelphia. As part of the Talent Acquisition team, you are responsible for working alongside a team of recruiters whom which will be supporting the sales hiring needs for a region of territories. 
 In addition to having the ability to multi-task, prioritize and adapt to ever-changing deadlines and priorities, the ideal recruiter will have: 
 
 1 to 3 years of agency recruiting experience 
 Experience working in a metrics driven environment (phone calls, interviews, placements) 
 Experience working with an applicant tracking system 
 Phone interviewing experience (In-person interviewing a plus) 
 Experience with proactive sourcing methods via cold calling, networking, Internet sourcing, etc. 
 Ability to maintain excellent relationships with Hiring Managers and Candidates 
 
 If you are team oriented, ambitious, money motivated and have a vibrant personality, we want to hear from you! Here’s what you can expect: 
 
 Average first year income range: $55,000 - $75,000 (Base Salary plus Placement bonuses) 
 State-of-the-art training and technology 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 Free Access to on-site Fitness Center 
 A dynamic social program filled with can’t miss events, parties, and activities, including an annual bonus in the form of a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other. 
 
 Required Education and Experience 
 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience preferred 
 1 - 3 years of agency recruiting experience 
 Modern sourcing skills 
 Resourceful problem solving abilities 
 Highly evolved candidate experience awareness 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
