 BoxLunch Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Part-Time Assistant Manager 
 Rockford, IL - Part-Time 
 Description 
 At BoxLunch, we’re committed using our love of pop culture to do something amazing: eliminate hunger. With every $10 spent, we donate a meal to Feeding America that directly benefits the communities we are in. 
 We’re on the search for an Assistant Store Manager that will help lead our civic minded, pop-culture driven brand. You’ll support the Store Manager in achieving store objectives with regards to hitting sales targets, recruiting, and development. You’re a Harry Potter and Luke Skywalker rolled into one; you can handle anything that comes your way while driving sales and amazing customer service. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Support your Store Manager in achieving the sales plan and/or comp sales goals. It’s not all about the Benjamins, but then it kind of is 
 Help recruit, develop and retain a super collaborative, passionate team to run your store alongside you 
 Provide leadership around running an operationally sound business; you’ll bring the right balance of ops, delegation/autonomy, and customer first selling practices 
 Keep watch (like the Night’s Watch) on shrink/loss prevention, payroll hours and schedules 
 Collaboratively communicate with retail leadership and HQ partners on trends & customer feedback 
 Run sales reports and use data to help guide your strategy to hit sales targets 
 Deliver the goods. You’ll merchandise the store in a compelling way, leveraging planograms as a guide, while launching all promos on time 
 In partnership with your Store Manager, you’ll develop your team of associates into a high performing, customer-focused crew 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 At least 6 months of retail store management experience; you’ve lead teams to success and want to experience more of it. You’ll have skills to pay the bills: communication, recruiting, operations (payroll, reporting, scheduling, merchandising) and be a developer of your peeps 
 Passion for music, fashion and pop culture 
 A high school diploma or GED equivalent. If you have a degree, even better 
 Roll with the punches. Retail is a fast changing industry and you like catching curveballs thrown your way 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from BoxLunch to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at BoxLunch. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out | BoxLunch Careers 
 
 
 Our Stores 
 
 
 Fun. Fandom-driven. Philanthropic. We opened our first store in 2015 with the mission to give back in a meaningful way and create sustainable good. We donate a meal to a person in need via Feeding America® for every $10 spent in our stores and online. To date we’ve helped provide over 30 million meals and we’re still going. Spending the day surrounded by the coolest pop culture-themed gifts, AND doing something good to our community at the same time? Talk about winning.. 
 
 
 Where the Beni's at? 
 
 
 We know about giving, and we extend that to our employees. Our benefits include Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Did we mention the employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement? Yeah, we do that too. 
 
 
 HQ = HIGH QUALITY (AND HEADQUARTERS) 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
 
 
 Open House 
 
 
 Come see what's inside the box - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Box Lunch Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ 
 Stores 
 
