Workspace Solutions 
 Office Furniture Fort Wayne, Indianapolis, Warsaw, South Bend 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 
 Blog Home 
 Website Home 
 
 Category Archives: On the Job 
 Weathering the Storm: 5 Survival Resources to Keep Your Business Going During Covid-19 
 Posted on  June 15, 2020  by   Workspace Solutions 
 
 Trying to run a business during coronavirus is no small feat. Take one look at other businesses around the country and you'll see that the pandemic has taken a serious toll on every industry imaginable. From restaurants to clothing stores, no one has gotten through this unaffected. 
 Although we're starting to see some states reopen, it's going to be a long time before things are back to normal and it's possible things are changed forever. If you run a small business, you'll need all the survival resources you can get. 
 In this post, we're going to share 4 ways that you can weather this storm and even come up with some innovative new business ideas along the way. Only the craftiest entrepreneurs are able to make lemonade out of these lemons, so follow this guide and you might find some inspiration of your own. 
 1. Talk to Your Suppliers 
 The only solace you can take when you feel like you're sinking is knowing that  everyone's in the same boat . Be proactive and start talking with your suppliers right now so that you can keep an open line of communication throughout this. 
 You might not have money to pay for your materials right now, but you and your suppliers need each other during this trying time, so honesty will go a long way. 
 They may even have some new ideas to share or tips on what others in similar businesses as yours are doing to stay successful during this time. 
 2. Stay In Touch With Customers 
 Your customers are what can get you through this thing alive, so communicate with them constantly over social media and email. If you can be sure that they're going to be there at the end of this, then you can proceed with optimism. 
 Businesses are shutting down because their customers are being taken away like the rug is being pulled out. The key to survival is coming up with interesting ways to retain them. 
 3. Getting Relief 
 Although you can't rely solely on financial aid to subsidize you through the pandemic, there are numerous benefits available for small businesses. The SBA is offering  emergency $10,000 grants  and disaster assistance loans. 
 You can find resources from the US Chamber of Commerce, the SBA, and the Export-Import Bank of the United States is doing their part to provide assistance to business owners in need. If you're an exporter, there might be a program for you. 
 4. Reinvent Yourself 
 Redefining what you do  is a really hard thing for established businesses to do, which is why so many of them are suffering. An industry that has adapted somewhat is the restaurant world, with many companies shifting to delivery services. 
 For companies that operate in an office setting and play a specific role in their industry, a transition like this is difficult. You have to be able to identify a need and quickly find a way to satisfy it. Brainstorming these kinds of ideas with your team is crucial right now. 
 Survival Resources Are Different for Every Business 
 If your business is going to make it through this, you have to look for survival resources anywhere you can. These are just a few tips for how to stay afloat during coronavirus, but the landscape for businesses is always shifting. Keep your ear to the ground and you'll give yourself the best possible chance to survive. 
 Posted in  On the Job 
 Workspace Solutions Announces Opening of Premier Coworking Space in Fort Wayne 
 Posted on  April 9, 2019  by   admin 
 Fort Wayne, IN – Co-llaborate, co-create, co-mingle, and co-work at Ft. Wayne’s newest Coworking Space by Workspace Solutions! 
 For over 40 years Workspace Solutions has been helping businesses in and around Northeast Indiana create and furnish office spaces. Owners Brent Stoller and Mike Hunter know what furniture businesses need to be productive and how to design a space where people want to work. Keeping in line with their motto, ‘We Create Spaces,’ they've designed and furnished thousands of office spaces from private offices and collaborative areas to conference rooms and lobbies. Now, they're excited to announce the opening of their newest creation, Fort Wayne's newest coworking space on May 1, 2019. 
 Optimally located on the north side of the city, just off the I-69 corridor, this new space offers 2,000 square feet of well-designed workspace filled with some of the best office furniture in the industry. The new shared office space will give entrepreneurs, students, engineers, freelancers, and startups a place to do business as well as a dedicated business address. 
 If you're an entrepreneurial nomad or freelancer in search of a dedicated workspace without a long-term lease or if working from home or a local coffee shop isn't working, Fort Wayne's newest coworking space has just what you need. 
 The new shared office space offers members open seating, free parking and WIFI, a free coffee bar, a conference room, collaborative areas, and phone booth rooms for private conversations. They also offer dedicated spaces and a limited number of two-person offices. 
 “Fort Wayne is a hotbed of creative thinkers, innovators, and futurists,” says Hunter. “We not only want to give these local entrepreneurs and startups a low-cost place to work, we want to give them a place to connect, collaborate, and grow their business.” 
 
 Monthly rates start as low as $100, and there is no long-term commitment. 
 Premium membership at $150/mo offer a dedicated chair, desk, and locking cabinet 
 A two-person office is only $450/mo and provides a dedicated chair, desk, & locking cabinet, separate locking door to space, a sign with your company name, and a 3’x4’ glass-marker board. 
 
 Workspace Solutions' Coworking Space opens May 1, 2019 at 2208 Production Road. Schedule a tour or reserve your space at  CoWorkingFortWayne.com  or by calling (260) 422-8529. 
 Posted in  At the Office ,  Coworking ,  On the Job ,  Press Release  |  Tagged  coworking ,  coworking fort wayne ,  coworking space fort wayne 
 5 Items of Conference Room AV Equipment You Shouldn't Be Without 
 Posted on  October 1, 2018  by   Workspace Solutions 
 These days, finding appropriate conference room AV solutions is not an easy task. 
 In the days of conference rooms of old, you didn't need much. Most of the time, all you needed to hold a meeting were an  overhead projector  and a pull-down screen. Well, you also needed a way to make a room completely dark. 
 Nowadays, things are much different. Thanks to modern technology, we have plenty of tools for organization and communication. The only problem is, how do you know which ones to get? 
 If you need some help on this, we've got you covered! In this article, we'll go over five pieces of conference room equipment you shouldn't go without. 
 1. Interactive Whiteboard 
 At first glance, an interactive whiteboard looks like any other whiteboard. 
 Dig a little deeper, and you'll discover a multi-touch display. With this, up to four people can write, manipulate objects and perform mouse functions at once. All you need are your fingers. 
 Also, you can connect an interactive whiteboard to printers and computers. This allows you to print your notes and share them with other participants. 
 2. Digital Virtual Presenter 
 Remember those old overhead projectors? Well, digital virtual presenters (or DVPs) are their modern equivalent. 
 As you may recall, overhead projectors used  Fresnel lenses  to collimate light. Well, DVPs use a video camera to project documents and 3D objects onto a screen. This makes it much easier for participants to notice these visual aids. 
 3. Video Conferencing System 
 With the rise of video conferencing, travel costs are no longer an issue for many companies. 
 The reason is simple: you no longer need to fly around the world to get to a meeting. Thanks to the various video conferencing systems, you can hold any meeting in the comfort of  your own conference room . 
 Not sure which system to get? Look for one that has the iPanel system, which lets you chat and share documents at the same time. The iPanel also allows you to access the Internet during the conference. 
 4. Speakerphone 
 A speakerphone is a key piece of conference room AV equipment. If you make a phone call during a conference, you want all the participants to hear the conversation. 
 Most conference speakerphones come with a 360-degree microphone and have great sound quality. This can make it seem as if the speaker is right there in the conference room. 
 5. Collaboration Solution 
 When it comes to conference room presentation systems, nothing beats a collaboration solution. 
 What do these devices do? As the name implies, they enable multi-screen and multi-application collaboration. Anyone can use their own device and share content with anyone else in the world. 
 Needless to say, this is a perfect solution for conferences. After all, what other device allows you to combine presentation display, file sharing and video conferencing? And you can work on them all in real time! 
 More on Conference Room AV 
 Conferences have an important role in today's work environment. That's why having a well-equipped conference room is essential in fostering decision making. Plus, it's always good to leave an impression on your visitors. 
 Not sure where to find affordable conference room AV solutions? We can help you out! Contact us  right here , and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. 
 Posted in  On the Job 
 Why You Should Take Your Meetings and Work Outdoors 
 Posted on  May 22, 2018  by   Workspace Solutions 
 If you don't live in a state where the sun is shining 90% of the time and the temperatures stay warm year-round (we're looking at you, Indiana), spending time outside is precious. 
 Consider the 8 months out of the year where temperatures are frigid and that white stuff is falling from the sky, people look forward to spending some time in the sun and warm weather. However, being able to do this when you work an office job is difficult, to say the least, and two days off just doesn't cut it. 
 Giving your employees a chance to rejuvenate and boost their energy by taking a quick walk or holding the weekly meeting outdoors can boost employee morale and energy. 
 If you haven't considered the benefits of what working outdoors can do for your office, continue reading. We'll show you why you should take your meetings and work outdoors. 
 Creative Boost 
 Taking a break from the confined walls and fluorescent lights of an office will boost creative thinking and problem-solving. Working outdoors gives employees some  nature therapy  which clears the mind and helps with de-stressing. 
 Improves Focus 
 The average person attends  62 meetings monthly  at their work. While some people may take detailed notes, most will daydream or even fall asleep. 
 Working outdoors improves focus to help stay on task. This goes along with increasing creativity and problem-solving. Not only will you notice a change in your employee's creativity, but you'll also see a change in their engagement. 
 Open Communication 
 Taking a walk with your boss or employees opens makes them feel more comfortable than when sitting in an office with a desk separating them. This allows for more open communication where employees can discuss any issues or potential problems they are having on a project. 
 This goes hand-in-hand with a creative boost - brainstorming together while outside will give everyone a fresh perspective and help think outside the box. 
 Health Benefits 
 We know spending time outdoors helps us mentally, but it also helps us physically, and  standing desks  will only do so much inside an office. 
 Hosting a walking meeting for at least 30 minutes will boost energy, reduce the risks of heart disease, dementia, some cancers, stroke, and help lose weight. Sitting still for too long and staring at a screen all day isn't good for your eyes and are known to cause headaches or migraines. 
 Taking the time to step away from the screen and get some fresh air will improve blood circulation and give your muscles a chance to stretch. 
 Why You Should Work Outdoors 
 If increasing employee engagement, open communication, and creativity aren't enough to get you to enjoy some work outdoors, think about the health benefits alone. 
 Give your employees the chance to enjoy the beautiful weather outside of their days off. It will give everyone a breath of fresh air - literally - and improve focus around the office. 
 Posted in  On the Job  |  Tagged  business meetings ,  meetings ,  working outdoors 
 How to Stop Being Busy and Start Being Productive 
 Posted on  October 6, 2016  by   admin 
 
 Stop me if you’ve heard this conversation before: 
 
 You: “Hey (friend), it’s been a while! How have you been?” 
Friend: “Hi (friend), I’ve been great – super busy!” 
 
 Can someone please tell me when the American culture decided that busyness is synonymous with success? Many people will happily and proudly admit to being overworked and stressed out! Somewhere along the line, we learned that if you’re not up to your eyeballs in work, then you’re doing something wrong. However, the simple fact is; that’s simply not true. There’s a HUGE difference between being busy and being productive. 
 What does it mean to be busy? 
 Of course, accomplishing tasks is an amazing thing. But if we’re not careful, our productivity reaches a peak, and then rapidly begins to decline. As a culture, we tend to fill our lives with never-ending to-do lists, multi-tasking, and high-stress levels. But we love stress! We know that stress leads to success, so we gladly overfill our calendars and stress ourselves out because we know that success lies at the end of the road. We thrive on the idea of over-caffeinating ourselves, buckling down, and pushing ourselves to the limit. Quite literally, busyness is a drug! 
 What is Productivity, Anyway? 
 On the other hand, productivity is a bit more than looking busy. Productivity measures the actual success of your labor, which makes it much more valuable in the long-run. Productive people put a bit more thought and care into the tasks they are taking on. Maximizing productivity in your workplace can do wonders for your business’ success! 
 Stop Being Busy, Start Being Productive 
 Now that we’ve explored the differences between being busy and being productive, we can start to focus on what it means to actually become productive in our work. Here are a few tips that will help you maximize your productivity and minimize your stress! 
 1. Stop Multi-Tasking 
 Study after study has shown that multi-tasking is the biggest productivity killer of all. When you spread yourself too thin, you begin to sacrifice quality on all of your projects. There’s no such thing as a good multi-tasker. Focus on what is deserving of your immediate attention, and then devote your time to finishing that task before moving onto something else. 
 2. Start Saying No 
 Busy people love to take on new projects. The more projects, the better. Because of this mindset, busy people have a hard time saying no. The next time you are approached about taking on a new task, rather than blurting out “yes” right away, be sure to take some time to think about what this project entails. Don’t be afraid to say “Let me sleep on that.” 
 3. Remove Distractions 
 Besides multi-tasking, the second biggest productivity killer is distractions. Immediate distractions such as noises around your office space are only the beginning. Most people are also constantly fighting internal distractions like what you’re going to do after work, or worrying about other things on your to-do list. Figure out which distractions you struggle with and be intentional about removing them from your life! Only focus on one task at a time – those other tasks can wait. 
 4. Stay out of your emails 
 Checking your email every time you get the alert notification not only interrupts what you're doing, but also forces you to change direction to another project that just appeared in your email. Instead, turn off the sound notification and only check emails after the completion of a project or no more than once every hour. 
 5. Don’t Do. Think. 
 This idea might be counter-intuitive to what you know about productivity, but the fact is: productive people take life a little slower. Rather than hurry through a task, stop and put together a plan of action that will help you complete the task not only quickly, but successfully. Have you ever been halfway through a task, only to realize that you made a mistake early on, and now you have to go back and do it all over again? People who take the time to do a job right never have to go back and start over. 
 Office Furniture & Productivity Specialists 
 At  Workspace Solutions  in Fort Wayne, Indiana our slogan is "We do more than sell office furniture." We also take pride in our mission to help businesses increase productivity and efficiency. Along with selling  office furniture , we also have a team of experienced  office designers  that can help you put together a workspace that maximizes efficiency and productivity each and every day! 
 Contact us  today to discuss your office and learn how we can help your team increase their productivity. 
 Posted in  On the Job  |  Tagged  boost productivity 
 Ash Skyline Plaza 
 Posted on  April 8, 2016  by   admin 
 Ash Skyline Plaza Office Furniture 
 It's furniture moving day! After months of work on the  Ash Skyline Plaza in Fort Wayne , the day is finally here that we start moving in office furniture. We're out at the new building unloading trucks full of office furniture. We will be installing furniture for Ash Brokerage on the 7th and 8th floor. We're very excited to be a part of this project that's been months in the making. Check back to see the progress on the building and the creative use of furniture and office spaces. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Posted in  Office Furniture ,  On the Job  |  Tagged  ash skyline plaza ,  Fort Wayne ,  hon office furniture ,  office furniture installers 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 5 of the Best Low-Maintenance Office Plants to Boost the Environment 
 Your Daily Dose of Deskercise: 4 Office Stretches For Desk Workers 
 Office Cleaning: How to Clean and Sanitize Your Office and Surfaces the Right Way 
 7 Essential Supplies You Need in Your Home Office Setup 
 Used Corner Workstation - Cherry Finish 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  August 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  October 2013  May 2013  April 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  November 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010 
 Categories 
 
 At the Office 
 Christmas 
 Conference Room Furniture 
 Coworking 
 Desk 
 Desk Chair 
 Holidays 
 In The News 
 lounge chair 
 Meet the Team 
 Office Chair 
 Office Design 
 Office Furniture 
 On the Job 
 Press Release 
 Standing Desks 
 Uncategorized 
 Used Office Furniture 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries RSS 
 Comments RSS 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Proudly powered by WordPress 
*[RSS]: Really Simple Syndication 
