  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 2 days ago 
 Logistic app in flutter 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 2 
 I need finish an app already started, I have a little pending information to complete, we are using flutter and dart language, the app is around logistic process. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  S. V. Last reply: Yesterday  Mexico 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 days ago 
 Full stack Developer needed 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 11 
 I'm looking for a reliable and talented full stack developer. 
There will be a potential if you do a good job. 
Will share details with right candidates. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Published by:  N. S. Last reply: 2 days ago  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 days ago 
 An experienced virtual assistant needed 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 7 
 Virtual assistants help their employers with daily administrative tasks and schedules. Instead of going into the office every day, virtual assistants complete their responsibilities remotely at home or in another location of their choice with internet access. In this role, you are in charge of handling the small details to keep the company moving so that your employer can focus on large company goals. 
You may communicate with your employer on multiple channels, such as email, video messaging, instant messaging, and phone calls. Other responsibilities include organizing your employer’s files, answering emails, arranging meetings and travel plans, and helping to create presentation materials. A virtual assistant must be able to manage expense reports, orders, and confidential financial information. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. W. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 days ago 
 Website For Auto Claim Proccess 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 8 
 I need a website as soon as possible i have the domain. Need someone with experience. Im paying 100 dollars, please send your offers 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. R. Last reply: 3 days ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 days ago 
 Personalized Crm (preferably with Suitecrm) design for a company th... 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 8 
 You must have various modules done to marketing, finance, social media, page connection and customer status tracking, as well as notifications and reminders of important events 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Published by:  M. I. Last reply: 2 days ago  Venezuela 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 days ago 
 Marketing Growth Hacker 
 Published: 3 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 0 
 Primary Job Responsibilities: 
- Set up, QA, and run A/B tests 
- Set up, QA, and run usability tests 
- Ensure tests get up and running, and willing and able to help product and marketing team interpret 
results and present them to management 
 Requirements: 
- Innate interest in learning about customers behavior through both numbers and qualitative data 
- Basic understanding of statistics 
- Decent Excel skills – know how to do pivot tables 
- SQL knowledge a big bonus * 
- Enough html/css/js skills to be able to set up optimizely tests. 
- Sufficient graphic editing skills to be able to modify graphics to create test variations 
 Willing to learn what you don’t already know 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Ecuador Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 3 days ago 
 Wordpress Developer 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 2 
 Job Responsibilities: 
- Generating WordPress themes and plugins 
- Development expertise with custom post types, custom fields, plug-ins, theme development and - WordPress database structure knowledge 
- Designing and managing the website back-end including database and server integration 
- Conducting website performance tests 
- Troubleshooting content issues 
- Conducting WordPress training with the client 
- Opinions on WordPress architecture including version control, deployment, server configuration and caching 
- Understanding of WordPress Short codes, functions, and the loop 
- Monitoring the performance of the live website 
- Should have good knowledge about WordPress and bootstrap 
- Advanced proficiency with modern PHP & MySQL development, including object-oriented PHP 
- Should be able to create plugins and make modifications on the website 
- Candidate should be able to design and manage corporate website 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Custom development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. T. Last reply: 3 days ago  United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
