Skip to content 
 
 Anna Goldstein 
 NYU Certified Life, Career & Confidence Coach 
 3 Questions to Change Your Career 
 Posted on  March 26, 2013  by  Anna Goldstein 
 By the time I was 26, I had worked as a tennis coach, receptionist, a waitress for about 2 weeks **** (I dropped the 3rd piled high roast beef sandwiches on the floor just before they were served to 3 women expecting a nice lunch, but ended up feeling sorry for me), internet marketing consultant, online sales, and was doing online marketing for a mobile company. 
 I had 6 different jobs in the first 4 years of my "adult life." 
 It wasn't until I was sitting in a meeting and my boss at the time called me out on my "mistakes" that something clicked! I felt **** a jolt in my stomach that said, "this isn't right." In that moment it became clear to me that I wasn't listening to myself. These so-called failures had nothing to with my ability and everything to do with me not doing what I was meant to do. 
 I knew deep down inside what I  really  wanted to do, I wanted to be a Life & Career Coach. But I thought "One day in the future when I'm 45, married and have kids, I'll work from home and start my own business." 
 This was the story I was telling myself. I was putting off  what I really wanted  ** __ to do**. 
 That jolt hit me so hard that I knew I couldn't ignore my truth anymore. It was that moment that I decided to follow my heart and never look back. 
 I took the steps. 
 I enrolled into NYU's Coaching Certification program, quit my job and started working for a coach. You see, when I made that choice, things started to fall into place. Just a year after the program, I started my own coaching practice. I put one foot in front of the other. 
 I'm going to be honest here, it wasn't always easy. It definitely took some sweat and tears, but the only way to get to the other side is through it. 
 Now, 6 years later, from that day I made the choice, I am so happy I did. 
 I want to share this story with you because if you are undecided about what direction you want to go, it might be because you're not listening to your true desire. 
 I believe the answers are within us and in order to live the life we imagined, we must be willing to listen to our inner voice. 
 As a coach, I help you drown out the noise in your head that is full of fear and doubt "shoulds" "if only" "someday when" and direct you to go confidently in the direction of your desires. 
 Ask yourself these 3 questions: 
 If I had all the money in the world but I had to work, what would I do? 
 What do I really want to do with my life? 
 If I had no fear what would I do? 
 Take action. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  Anna Goldstein ,  az ,  become a life coach ,  california ,  gabrielle bernstein ,  IL ,  LA ,  life coach ,  life coaching ,  life purpose ,  new york life coach ,  new york life coaching ,  new york time life coach ,  new york times life coach ,  nj ,  ny life coach ,  personal coach ,  personal development ,  personal life coach ,  personal life coaching ,  self help ,  self improvement ,  Self in the City 3 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- I Believe… 
 Go For Your Dreams -> 
 3 thoughts on "3 Questions to Change Your Career" 
 
 Nikka  says: 
 
 May 6, 2013 at 7:12 am 
 Decide first before you do the move. Ask yourself first on what you want to do with your life. This may help you determine the things you need to put first for you to make one step. Through this, people may have an idea about how they do things in place especially putting yourself in the right direction, 
 Reply 
 
 Steph  says: 
 
 May 6, 2013 at 9:22 am 
 All I can say is you ask God for your questions. Pray in order to know God's will. It's only God who can satisfy our hearts. Not money and power. 
 Reply 
 
 JR  says: 
 
 May 7, 2013 at 5:24 am 
 Just live life with happiness and everythings gonna be alright and of course with prayers. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Anna on Twitter!  
 
 If anything and everything feels like a lot right now... it’s because it is.  1 week ago 
 We must be able to see darkness in order to bring light to it.  1 week ago 
 Expanding consciousness isn’t a luxury. It’s a necessity.  1 week ago 
 If 2020 taught you anything, let it be this: YOU ARE UNBREAKABLE  1 week ago 
 Rocks transform into diamonds when they are under pressure.  1 week ago 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Like Anna on Facebook! 
 
 Like Anna on Facebook! 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
