Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 25 Jul  2013 
 Full-Time University Researcher 
 University of Jyväskylä Faculty of Education -  Central Finland  , Finland 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 University of Jyv askyla Faculty of Education , Department of Teacher Education is looking for a university researcher role in education, starting from 01.01.2014 for up to five years or until further notice. 
 The role is subject to a four-month probationary period. Please apply for this role if you have advanced research skills in this field, with a strong background in learning, teaching and management processes in the field of research and the ability to control the development of research-based, teaching and continuing education. 
 The university researcher profile will support the faculty to do research, and they must have experience in competitive research funding, as well as the acquisition of strategically meaningful international cooperation. 
 Scientific research work is expected to be acquired displays a world class, filling the role as an important long-term commitment. 
 University researchers' focus should be on their research and teaching activities as well as on other related tasks. 
 Researchers at the University are required to monitor scientific research work, provide high-quality research-based education and to supervise theses. 
 The University teaching and researcher should be at ease with the Finnish language. The University may, however  grant exemption from the language proficiency requirements . The benefit shall be a good English language skills and the ability to give instruction in the English language. 
 University Research work specific salary component is determined by the university salary for teaching and research personnel on the job level 5 to 7 (2 820.64? / Month - 3 799.56? / Month). In addition, on personal performance-based salary up to 46.3% of the position salary. 
 The application should include a PDF file (the file name always mention the name): 
 
 
 the applicant's curriculum vitae (CV), which is drawn up in good scientific practice, as well as taking into account the possible CV (see the Advisory Board of the user www.tenk.fi), 
 
 
 short (2-3 pages) written description of the applicant's scientific research, academic, research, management, and international activities relating to the merits; 
 
 
 3 ) short (2-3 pages) written description of the pedagogical training and teaching qualifications (teaching portfolio), 
 
 
 a short (2-3 pages) written description of other earnings, which the applicant wishes to demonstrate eligibility for the job, including the report on supplementary funding, acquisition and responsibilities of such financing undertaken research projects and 
 
 
 a numbered list of all the scientific and other publications that the applicant wishes to demonstrate their qualifications and merits for the post. 
 
 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Education Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 1725 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 17 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 English Preschool Teacher 
Location
 Saimaankatu  FI
Date Posted
 13 May  2014
3. Type
Part-Time
Job
 English teacher 
Location
 North Karelia  Finland
Date Posted
 20 Sep  2012 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Finnish Education Exported to the World 
 5 Best Expat Jobs Around The World 
 Top Paying Jobs in Finland 
 Studying in Finland - General information 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1296](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
