Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Store Manager 
 PetSmart 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR STORE: 
PetSmart is a retailer unlike any other; we don’t just sell products, we provide solutions that foster happy and healthy homes for pets and pet parents. Our Assistant Store Manager lead the operations through that lens and oversee all aspects of our retail store—from head to tail! 
 ABOUT OUR TEAMS: 
In a store as big as ours, we need all hands (and paws, wings and fins!) on deck to ensure we are operating efficiently. So, as an Assistant Store Manager, you’ll help lead the team in the following areas: 
 Associate Leadership:  As a leader in the store, you’ll help to hire and train new associates on all things PetSmart! You’ll engage with and motivate them to continue to grow their skills and knowledge throughout their career. 
 Pet Parent Engagement:  You’ll work with your teams to build strong relationships with our pet parents and pets and ensure their safety and well-being within the store. This also includes taking care of our live pets and ensuring our store is stocked with merchandise. 
 Overall Retail Initiatives:  In partnership with your Store Manager, you’ll execute on all strategic merchandising initiatives, drive sales, and set standards of success within our retail store. 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
Just like we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career, too. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit—from the store to the salon or the Pets Hotel 
Develop your leadership skills as a Store Manager then a District Manager 
Tackle the challenge of a new store opening or turning around a struggling store 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the relief Rosie feels when you help her mom select the best food for her upset tummy and her delight when it turns out to be chicken flavored!! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 We look forward to seeing your application to join our Management team! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
