  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Finance & Management  
 
 Finance & Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 5 months ago 
 Yh Brothers Motorbike 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 1 
 Create PHP applications for My SQL Forms, Reports, Grids, Charts, PDF. Quick Web Development. Generate Web Applications. 
Easy to use. Increase Productivity. Complete Web Systems. 
Clean Interface. Save Time. Increase Profits. 
Powerful Development Tool. Fast and Intuitive. Brands: My SQL, Postgres 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. Malaysia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 5 months ago 
 Billing Specialist 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Billing Specialist Responsibilities 
Include: 
Receiving and sorting incoming payments with attention to credibility 
Managing the status of accounts and balances and identifying inconsistencies 
Issuing bills, receipts and invoices 
 Job brief 
We are looking for a competent Billing specialist to undertake a variety of financial and non-financial tasks in order to help guarantee the company’s revenues. You will handle the processing of incoming payments along with the issuing of necessary paperwork. 
 Responsibilities 
Assume the responsibility of receiving and sorting incoming payments with attention to credibility 
Manage the status of accounts and balances and identify inconsistencies 
Issue and post bills, receipts and invoices 
Check the validity of debit accounts 
Update accounts receivable database with new accounts or missed payments 
Ensure all clients remain informed on their outstanding debts and deadlines 
Provide solutions to any relative problems of clients 
Write thorough reports on billing activity with clear and reliable data 
 Requirements 
Proven experience as billing specialist 
Adherence to laws and best practices in regards to dealing with customers and data 
Comfortable dealing with numbers and the processing of financial information 
Excellent knowledge of MS Office (particularly Excel) and ER software (JDE or other) 
Proficiency in English 
Results-driven and patient 
High degree of attention to detail and trustworthiness 
BSc degree in Finance, Accounting or BA 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Q. Colombia 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 5 months ago 
 Accounting Manager 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We are looking for an Accounting Manager to supervise, track and evaluate day-to-day activities. Accounting Manager responsibilities include establishing financial status by developing and implementing systems for collecting, analyzing, verifying and reporting information. We are also looking for someone to work closely with our financial management team. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  O. L. Last reply: 5 months ago  United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 Writing policies 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 6 Bids: 5 
 I have a project of developing and documenting processes, policies, and procedures.  I am done with the processes (flow charts) and now it is time to write the policies.  As and overall I have 39 processes for an L & D company. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  O. J. United Arab Emirates 
 USD 250 - 500 
 5 months ago 
 Simple membership plugin for Shopify Store 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 1 
 This is my project (create an application for a 
Store membership of two alternatives with the necessary controls to run the store as a membership concept) 
- [ ] 24hrs. Pass ($5.00) 
- [ ] Recurrent monthly membership ($9.99) 
 1- I have the online Shopify store already set 
2- the idea is having customers to see products in the store without allowing them to buy. (For that, we suggest a become a member button replacing the add to cart button) 
3- when a customer becomes a member, the become a member button should now be an add to cart button 
4- it is important to know that for the two alternatives, there will be active members and non-active members. 
( Expiration of the 24hrs Pass and Cancellation on recurrent membership) 
5- inactive members should automatically be shown for expiration periods of 24hrs pass and/or cancellation of recurrent membership 
6- it is also important to have controls anywhere the customer may have access to buy. 
 That is the idea on my project. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. M. J. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 Accounting Assignment 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 6 
 Accounting assignment. Needs to be completed for tomorrow at 4. 
Bookkeeping for a small business organization 
i will give the full assignment once hired 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Last reply: 6 months ago  Canada 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 Marketing 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 8 
 Whats your experience as a digital marketer, 
Our company is looking for digital marketers with a very nice prospect for work. 
We work as a team with the company marketing team to achieve the main goal of the company. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 Published by:  T. M. Last reply: 5 months ago  United Kingdom 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
