  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Andover, England 
 Rate:  £20 - £24 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 I am looking to recruit a Gas Engineer to cover the Hampshire area. 
 You will be responsible for carrying out day to day repairs, planned maintenance, boiler installations and annual servicing of domestic heating appliances in order to provide a high quality service. 
 You will need your own vehicle for this role and be Gas Safe Registered. 
 About you. 
 In order to apply for this role you will be experienced in service, maintenance and repair of a wide range of domestic heating appliances in occupied domestic homes. 
 The Job. 
 Covering the Hampshire area you will be working in occupied properties completing Gas safety checks and maintenance jobs from a PDA in the following. 
 , Undertake the servicing, repairing and maintenance of gas heating systems. 
 , Carry out other maintenance, repairs and remedial work as directed 
, Complete works in accordance with specifications and in compliance with the relevant Legislation, relevant trade body and industry standards and best practice. 
 What you will need to apply 
 Full UK Drivers Licence. 
 City and Guilds Plumbing qualifications or equivalent 
Gas Safe Registration - CCN1, CKR1, HTR1, CPA1, etc. 
Own vehicle and be happy to use it. 
 Other Info. 
 You will also be asked to partake in an out of hours call rota. 
 If you have the skills mentioned above, I am keen to speak to you to discuss the role in more detail. 
 Call me on the number below or replying to this advert to have a chat about the posts. 
 Working with Service Care Construction offers many benefits including: 
 , A specialist consultant within an experienced Construction recruitment team 
, Consistently excellent rates of pay 
, An extensive range of Construction vacancies across the UK 
, Payroll service twice a week 
, Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know anyone who would be perfect for this role and they are placed into work you receive £250 once they have worked a certain length of time. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £20 - £24 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Andover, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 16:04:48 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
