Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse - Pediatrics Daycare/Ambulatory 
 Vancouver Island Health Authority 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 In accordance with the Vision, Purpose, and Values, and strategic direction of the Vancouver Island Health Authority, patient safety is a priority and a responsibility shared by everyone at VIHA; as such, the requirement to continuously improve quality and safety is inherent in all aspects of this position. 
 Reporting to the Manager, Department Head or designate, the Registered Nurse - Pediatrics Daycare/Ambulatory plans and provides direct nursing care to patients in the hospital in accordance with the unit/program philosophy, competency guidelines, policies, and the C.R.N.B.C. Standards for Nursing Practice in British Columbia. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Education, Training And Experience 
 Registration with BC College of Nurses and Midwives as a practicing RN registrant. Current CPR Basic Rescuer required. New Nursing grads must have completed Collaborative Learning Unit (CLU), or final preceptorship on Pediatric Inpatient. Knowledge of physiology and psychology of children aged newborn to 16 years; up to two (2) years' recent (within the past 2 years) acute Pediatric experience including one (1) year's recent pediatric oncology experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Current certification in Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) course would be considered an asset. 
 Skills And Abilities 
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
Demonstrated ability to organize assigned workload and set priorities. 
Demonstrated ability to deal effectively with a variety of internal and external contacts, including co-workers, physicians, community agency representatives, patients, residents and families. 
Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
 https://jd.viha.ca/JD2993.pdf 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
