success encourager 
 Encouraging others to succeed - It's time to focus on your goals! 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About Me 
 A Year in the Life of… 
 Business Idea Prompt (BIP) 
 Typed quotes and wax seals 
 Resume Samples and FAQ 
 Hire Me 
 
 Unique job search tips 
 Posted on  April 7, 2020  by  successencourager 
 I’m often asked about unique job search tips - ways to search for jobs other than the most popular job search sites. Whether someone is feeling overwhelmed by all of the options on popular sites, not feeling like their skills are being recognized with so many other applicants applying for the same job via the same search site, or they are looking for a way to find new open positions rather than scanning through a handful of search sites that have the same job postings. 
 My first suggestion is always to search for specific company sites. Find companies within your location or decide you want to focus on remote options and search the sites of companies you are interested in working for. Several companies only post job openings on their own site instead of using other searchable forums so you have a fresh group of opportunities to search and typically larger companies post new jobs almost daily so keep checking back for new postings (several openings are listed at the bottom of this post). 
 Other unique tips I suggest - check career openings for companies you see commercials for while watching your favorite TV series and check out your favorite magazine publisher for job opportunities. Any company that has a commercial most likely hires employees and large publishers usually have several magazines they produce and need a variety of employees to do that. And just like larger companies, they typically only post job opportunities on their web site so you will have another fresh group of jobs to search. 
 Some publishers or companies you see commercials for have openings in several states and/or remote opportunities and they post new jobs often. There are a lot of opportunities available when you expand your job focus and search. Research companies that have products or services you enjoy and search their web site for career opportunities. Typically, a product site or publisher will have a career or employment tab at the bottom of their site or they have that option under the menu tab and the About Us section. 
 When you treat a job search like a job you increase your chances of finding the best match. 
 
 I highly recommend dedicating time daily to research the most popular job search sites, but also make time to research specific companies you are interested in working for. 
 Explore creative options that might be available through the products and services you enjoy. 
 Spend time updating your resume for each position you apply for, making sure your skills and those in the job description match. 
 Create a unique cover letter for each opening as well. Mention something specific about the company you are applying for in the cover letter - it can be a core value you connect with or congratulating them on a recent accomplishment. This will let the hiring manager/committee know you are familiar with the company and invested time to learn about them. Also, include at one accomplishment that ties in with the requirement(s) of the prospective job. 
 
 Typically, two to four hours a day are needed to dedicate to job search this includes the actual search, resume updating, cover letter creation, application process (might be separate from submitting a resume and cover letter), and track who you have applied with, what position, date, submission process, and any other specific notes so you can easily refer to them when called for an interview. 
 Put in the dedicated time and it will pay off - typically, the more time you put into a job search, the better chance you have at finding a job you truly want with a company you are interested in working for. Putting hours into a job search gives you more choice and control. You have skills and competencies that you should be proud of and a company should be excited about working with you. 
 Below, are a few companies that sell products and have commercials on prime time (or late night) TV and magazine publishers with current job opportunities in several states including some remote and work from home options.  I have checked the sites personally and although I do  not  have any affiliation with them, I’ve checked each site to ensure they are hiring (as of today all of them have openings) and to confirm the career section and application process, which is noted by each site/link. 
 Good luck in your career search. Please contact me if you have a specific career, resume, cover letter or other job-related questions. Also, I am currently reviewing resumes for free and providing suggestions via email. If you would like me to review your resume please email me at successencourager@gmail.com . 
 Inogen.com  - Scroll to the bottom of the web page and click on careers. You can search by location and/or job title. Hiring for Brooklyn, OH, Goleta, CA and Richardson, TX. Opportunities include Billing manager, Buyer/Planner, and Operations Supervisor in TX and Accounts Payable Specialist and Senior Staff Accountant in CA and Quality Assurance Specialist in OH and several other openings. 
 Careers.firstam.com  - First American. Can search by location, keyword, or department. Hiring in several states for many positions. Current openings include - Executive Assistant in Santa Ana, CA, Receptionist openings in Katy, TX, Oroville, CA, Yukon, OK, and Orlando, FL, Seasonal Office Assistant in Flint, MI and in Brighton, MI, Authorization Representative in Phoenix and Escrow Assistant in Salem, OR and several other openings. 
 Independence.edu  - Independence University.  All positions are remote . Click on the ‘more’ button/tab, then About Us, About UI, and scroll down to job openings button and click it..scroll to another job openings button and click on it. Currently, there are 90 openings. Admission Consultant (sales), Web Design Tutor, Career Services Advisor, Admissions Assistant, Administrative Assistant, and several Adjunct Instructor positions. 
 Activstyle.com  - Click menu, About, and scroll down to the bottom and Career Opportunities and click the list of current jobs. There are several locations and about 15 current job openings. Some positions include Outbound Call Center Rep in Reno, NV, Call Center Team Lead in Fresno, CA, Medical Call Center Rep in Minneapolis, MN and Medical Document Associate in Minneapolis, MN. 
 Jobs.cvshealth.com  - CVS Pharmacy. Scroll about halfway and click on the search and apply red button. Several locations hiring including work from home opportunities. 
 meredith.com/careers  - Meredith Corporation, publishes several magazines including Better Homes and Gardens, Parents, Food and Wine, Health, Wood and more. Currently, there are 245 openings in several states. Current openings include Account Executive in Nashville, TN, Sales Assistant in Los Angeles, Administrative Assistant in Des Moines, IA, Account Director in Chicago, SEO Content Strategist in NY and Production Designer in Shelburne, VT. 
 cricketmedia.com  - Children’s magazine publisher (several magazines for different age groups). If you are interested in submitting a story for one of their publications you can click on submission guidelines. For other openings click on About and then Careers. Currently, one position open for a remote opportunity - US Based ESL/EFL teacher/tutor. Must have a Bachelor’s degree and experience as an ESL/EFL teacher. 
 Thank you for reading and following! Please contact me if you have a specific career, resume, cover letter or other job-related questions. Also, I am currently reviewing resumes for free and providing suggestions via email. If you would like me to review your resume please email me at successencourager@gmail.com . 
 Best to you on your job search journey! Thank you again for reading. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Resumes ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  career ,  careergoals ,  goals ,  goalsetting ,  jobhunting ,  jobopenings ,  jobs ,  jobsearch ,  professional ,  professional development ,  success ,  successencourager ,  work . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Career support 
 Your mission statement -> 
 2 thoughts on "Unique job search tips" 
 
 aspoonfulpofvanilla says: 
 
  on April 30, 2020 at 9:17 am  
 These are all great tips! Thank you so much for sharing! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [successencourager](https://successencourager.wordpress.com) says:
 
  on April 30, 2020 at 6:24 pm  
 Thank you for your encouragement! I am so glad you enjoyed the tips! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Welcome 
 Exciting News - My  Enrichment goal-focused planner  is now available! 
 I've been invited to be a guest blogger with  Office Dynamics !! 
 Basic questions happily answered at  no charge ! 
 For professional services offered visit the  HIRE ME  page. For more about me, please visit the  ABOUT ME  page. 
 Thank you for visiting, I hope the information posted will help you succeed! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Commit to yourself 
 Stress free self-care 
 Creative opportunities 
 Entrepreneurship basics 
 Creativity & self-care 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
