Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lab Assistant - COVID 19 Response 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Various Locations Available 
 Vancouver Region: 
St Paul’s Hospital; Vancouver General Hospital; BC Children’s Hospital; BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre 
 Fraser Region: 
Surrey Memorial Hospital 
 Eager to assist with the COVID-19 response, and curious about the inner workings of a public health laboratory? Join Lower Mainland Laboratories (LM Labs) as a Laboratory Assistant, where you will receive, handle and prepare laboratory specimens for COVID-19 testing. 
 These roles are available both temporary full-time and temporary part-time and will be instrumental in supporting COVID-19 testing work across the province. 
 Join this essential coordinated health care function to play a role in gathering critical diagnostic data! 
 What you’ll do 
 Prepare specimens for testing by performing centrifugation, aliquoting and loading samples onto specimen racks. 
Verify COVID-related specimen type; sort and assign laboratory numbers to specimens, in priority according to pre-defined criteria; and apply barcode labels according to established operating procedures. 
Receive incoming specimens and requisitions and check for accuracy and completeness of information. Contact physicians or labs for missing information and make necessary corrections. 
Process test requisitions by entering patient data into computer systems, issuing new patient identification number where required; obtain or clarify missing information; correct errors in patient demographic data and enter corrections into computer systems. 
Enter test requests into the Laboratory Information System (LIS). 
Store and retrieve COVID-related specimens under appropriate conditions; document and ship samples to other laboratories and discard according to established procedures. 
Prepare, record and send specimens and appropriate request forms to outside/referral laboratories and hospitals according to Transport of Dangerous Goods (TDG) and other regulatory requirements. 
Prepare test runs by pulling specimens for worksheet, matching specimens and requisitions and retrieving frozen samples for testing. 
Deliver samples and related documentation to and from in-house laboratory sections. 
Receive, direct and respond to telephone/fax requests. 
File and organize records, requisitions and statistical information. 
Identify and communicate operational issues and computer/equipment-related problems to supervisor. 
Maintain laboratory equipment, such as refrigerators, freezers, centrifuges and testing equipment by cleaning and recording temperature. Perform maintenance procedures. Recognize malfunctions in equipment and report these to the lead hand or designate. 
Maintain daily cleaning and disinfection of work areas and equipment by preparing fresh disinfectant solutions and wiping bench tops and equipment. Perform waste management duties. 
Keep workstations well stocked with supplies. Monitor supplies and advise lead hand or designate when supplies need replenishing. Perform related duties such as ordering, receiving, recording and storing new shipments of supplies. 
 What you bring 
 Grade 12 graduation. 
One (1) year of recent, related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. 
 You have the ability to: 
Keyboard a minimum of 35 wpm. 
Communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
Deal with others effectively. 
Operate related equipment. 
Organize work. 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Job Type:  Temporary project work – 6 month term, with the possibility of extension according to operational requirements. 
 Wage:  $23.56/hr 
 Start Date:  ASAP 
 End Date:  March 31, 2021 
 Hours of Work:  Variety of shifts available, including days, nights and evenings. Shifts are subject to change in response to operational requirements. 
 Location:  Vancouver Region & Fraser Health Region. 
 Possible locations include:  St Paul’s Hospital; Vancouver General Hospital; BC Children’s Hospital; BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre; Surrey Memorial Hospital; additional locations as needed. 
 What we do 
 Lower Mainland Laboratories (LM Labs) lmlabs.phsa.ca, a service of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA), provides laboratory testing at 31 sites across the lower mainland and central coast of B.C., including acute care hospital laboratories and specialty laboratories. 
 PHSA plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
