  
 Subscribe:  RSS 
 
 Home 
 Breaking News 
 International News 
 Editorial 
 Lettters 
 Archive 
 Photos 
 
 You are here:  Home  » Antonio Mwanza has kissed his political career bye bye. 
 Antonio Mwanza has kissed his political career bye bye. 
 
 on  April 19, 2020 
 in  Zambia 
 Leave a Comment 
 
 The statement by PF deputy media director, Antonio Mwanza titled " President Edgar Lungu has gone through difficult times in his leadership more than all his predecessors," is baseless and a clear indication that Mr Mwanza no longer has sensible points to use in defending the lethargic President Lungu who has lamentably failed Zambians. 
 Mr Mwanza's statement is misleading and is aimed at soliciting for public sympathy for the pathetic leadership his pay master has been offering for more than five years now. 
 It is blasphemy for Mwanza to justify the failure of his boss because anything that is happening to Mr Lungu is self inflicted due to lack of vision. If I may ask Antonio, who has blessed the political violence, tribalism, corruption, break down in the rule of law, abused the police, ECZ, judiciary and other arms of government? 
 What do you expect from a man who comes up with a thieving slogan such as 'Ubomba mwibala alya mwibala?' The money that has been borrowed has all disappeared under the watch of Mr Lungu and how does this become difficult times that have occurred naturally to him? 
 Zambians can't freely express themselves for fear of victimization and now every one is offering a secret prayer to make sure God deals with all the PF leaders. 
 There is no leadership Mr Lungu has provided to this country because if he has done so, we wouldn't have lost billions of dollars through corruption that is all pointing at him and his ministers, miracle houses, gassing masterminds, fighting the media, police brutality, corrupt judiciary and maneuvers to change the Constitution of Zambia without the consent of the Zambian people. 
 We know very well that Mwanza is now a political vuvuzela who can't eat without justifying his master's failures. If Antonio was a sincere citizen like we use to know him to be before he joined the thieving association of Zambia, he could have told us the truth that we are in this mess due to the fact that Zambia is in the hands of a vision-less man leading a government without direction. 
 The benefit of having vision-less leaders is what Zambia is going through today and let Antonio not twist facts. 
 We know very well that Antonio is practicing politics of the belly. Last time he appeared in the media, he was trying to justify the nonsense that took place in Chilubi by-election and now he is here to justify the failures of President Edgar Lungu and the PF government. 
 Antonio, you have decided to exchange the little integrity you may still have left for a few pieces of silver and have decided to partner with thieves. All I want to remind you Antonio is that, you will never be the same when PF dies which is a must. Your political career is shattering in pieces every single day that passes and the more you open your mouth, the more irrelevant you become in the Zambian political space. 
 You were such a vibrant young man at least the nation hoped to rely on one day. But you have decided to turn into an "Educated Vagabond for pieces of silver and gold." 
 Keep it in mind that we shall remind you one day that you helped PF in destroying Zambia. Good luck as you service your stomach by telling lies when you know deep down your heart that PF is the most corrupt, brutal and evil regime that does not need to continue presiding over this country. 
 There are no genuine patriots of this country at the moment who would ever sympathize with Mr Lungu for destroying Zambia. This is why Zambians should vote out the entire PF government next year because the whole party is rotten. 
 My advise goes to all young politicians in this country; be careful that you don't fall in the trap of being bought by PF. They will finish you and then dump you. There are so many examples out there to learn from. Aspire to serve Zambia with integrity and dignity and have a desire to be among those that shall liberate Zambia again and by so doing God will multiply your blessings. 
 Sikaile Sikaile 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 About ZambianWatchdog 
 For better informed Zambians on the occurrences in Zambia and to its Citizens   View all posts by ZambianWatchdog ->  
 <- PF Lockdown Operations - Amazing 
 Bowman Lusambo goes on Rampage -> 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Latest 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 Thieving Zesco MD building a HOTEL at Shimabala, Chilanga district.  January 16, 2017 
 
 
 The QUIET 57 UPND MP's in parley  February 24, 2017 
 
 
 Zambia will never be the same again, even if HH is acqitted.  May 23, 2017 
 
 
 Lungu panics as PF divides Following HH's incarceration.  June 18, 2017 
 
 
 Bravo to the high court Judges  December 23, 2016 
 
 
 Finally the Chief Thief in MoH is off the Table - Chitalu Chilufya  January 11, 2021 
 
 
 Lungu After Sikaile's Life  January 9, 2021 
 
 
 Lungu Stop Those Drones Hovering over HH's House  December 31, 2020 
 
 
 The Killing Machines are Zambia Police!  December 27, 2020 
 
 
 PF Continues to Siphon Money from State Institutions - NAPSA  December 25, 2020 
 
 
 ZambianWatchdog: M as gj lm me mm my mom. M ml ml ml mno Ineed n me... 
 
 
 ZambianWatchdog: So we must stay away from the streets hey..... kom... 
 
 
 ZambianWatchdog: The humble tag really hoodwinked Zambians hey ... 
 
 
 ZambianWatchdog: Oh this Miles what a worst of the waste... 
 
 
 Andsen Mwanza: It is quite regrettable to intrust people with the... 
 
 
 No comments yet. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Related News 
 Zambia 
 Lungu After Sikaile's Life 
 January 9, 2021  Zambia 
 Lungu Stop Those Drones Hovering over HH's House 
 December 31, 2020  Zambia 
 The Killing Machines are Zambia Police! 
 December 27, 2020 
 Subscribe:  RSS 
 editor@zambianwatchdog.net 
 Zambian Watchdog   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
