Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure Track or Tenured Position- Dental Hygiene 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Department of Dentistry 
Competition No. - A104541026 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The School of Dentistry is seeking applications for one full-time tenure-track or tenured position in the Masters of Science and Bachelor of Science, Dental Hygiene Programs at the level of Assistant or Associate Professor. 
 The successful applicant will be responsible for building and maintaining an active research program, for which start-up funds will be available. There is an expectation for teaching in Dental Hygiene at the undergraduate and graduate levels. 
 Applicants will be a dental hygienist with a PhD or equivalent degree. Applicants who are currently in the process of completing a doctoral program are welcome to apply. The successful applicant will have demonstrated experience in clinical practice, undergraduate teaching and research including providing evidence of established research. 
 Academic rank and salary will be commensurate with qualifications, experience, and achievements, and in accordance with the Faculty Agreement. This position offers a comprehensive benefits package found at: www.hrs.ualberta.ca 
 The University of Alberta in Edmonton is one of Canada’s leading teaching and research-intensive universities, with an international reputation for excellence across the humanities, sciences, creative arts, business, engineering, and health sciences. Home to more than 39,000 students (with over 7,600 graduate students enrolled in more than 500 graduate programs in 300 research disciplines) from 100 countries, and 15,000 faculty and staff, the university has a budget of $1.9 billion and annually attracts more than $500 million in sponsored research revenue. Located on the shores of the North Saskatchewan River in the Capital of Alberta, the campus is also the community, sports and social hub for Edmonton (~1 million). 
 The School of Dentistry serves an integral role in educating an oral health workforce for Alberta and beyond through its’ programs in undergraduate, graduate, and postgraduate levels. The School’s state-of-the-art facilities include clinical, academic and research space, providing an enhanced learning environment for students and collaborative workplace for faculty. 
 The Dental Hygiene program has had a strong foundation since its inception in 1961. From its beginnings, many dedicated people have come together to work on various initiatives that have resulted in quality programs that are highly respected across the country and beyond. The undergraduate program offers a bachelor degree program, one of only 4 degree programs in dental hygiene in Canada. The graduate program was implemented in 2014 and is a thesis-based masters in medical sciences program. The successful applicant will join a team of highly dynamic and dedicated educators and researchers. 
 Further details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the School of Dentistry can be found at: https://www.ualberta.ca/school-of-dentistry/index.html. 
 Applicants are invited to submit curriculum vitae, a statement outlining leadership experience, research interests and teaching philosophy. Three names and contact information should be provided as references. Please submit the application online addressed to: 
 Dr. Sharon Compton 
 Professor and Associate Chair (Dental Hygiene) 
School of Dentistry 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry 
 This competition will remain open until the position is filled. Review of applications and selection of shortlisted candidates will begin April 30, 2020. The anticipated start date for this position is July 1, 2020. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203 (3) (e)), applicants will be asked to include the first digit of their Canadian Social Insurance Number on this form. If you do not have Canadian Social Insurance Number please indicate this in your application. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
