Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 9 Tips to Do More Every Day 
 Julie Ellis    13th April    Productivity   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=9%20Tips%20to%20Do%20More%20Every%20Day%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fdo-more%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Time  is an illusion. 
 Time is the fourth dimension. 
 Time waits for no man. 
 These little philosophical quips may give us pause for thought, but in a hectic and demanding  office environment , the only thought about time is, “Where did it go?” 
 All of a sudden, the day is over, and there are still files piled on your desk that you did not get to, phone messages not returned, and a  meeting  that had to be re-scheduled for tomorrow because you ran out of time today. 
 Time for a Change 
 Either you have too many task responsibilities at work, or you are not  working as smart  as you could be. If it is the former issue, you need to have a conversation with your boss (or delegate differently if you are the boss). 
 But before you do that, take a look at the following tips for  managing your time . You may be surprised to discover that if you implement them, the day ends with you having accomplished much more. 
 1. Create Your To-Do List 
 Most everyone has these things. They are written on the backs of envelopes, on scratch paper, on large post-its. 
 For your purposes, get a legal pad or a spiral notebook that stays on your desk. Each morning,  construct your list  as follows: 
 
 
 Rate.  Each item on the list gets a 1, 2 or 3. The 1s are the “Must-do today” items. The 2s are “Should be  done  today, but can wait until tomorrow.” The 3s are longer-term items that you should be working on a little at a time. 
 
 
 Rules.  There are only two. 1) You may not relegate a 1 to a 2 just because the task is distasteful and you want to  procrastinate  on it. 2) You may not do a 2 until all of the 1s are completed. 
 
 
 Reorganize.  Some people make three separate lists, and that is a good organizational tool as well. Everything on list 1 gets done before throwing it away. 
 
 
 Reward.  Scratching an item off is really a nice little  reward , and it will motivate you to move forward so that you can scratch off another! 
 
 
 Revisit.  Anything 1 or 2 that was not done today gets a 1 status tomorrow. Put them at the top of tomorrow’s  list  before you go home. 
 
 
 2. Work Against the Clock 
 Give yourself reasonable time limits for each task based upon past experience. If it’s a new task, keep  track of the time  and note it for use in the future. 
 Set a timer and work against the clock to meet that time limit. This will keep you on schedule and moving forward. It will also help you avoid  distractions . 
 3. Set Aside Time 
 Schedule time for  emails  sometime before noon, preferably the same time every day. Inform others of that time, so they are not expecting a reply any earlier. 
 Do the same with returning phone calls. This will keep you from spending all day responding to other people’s requests. 
 4. Go Off the Grid 
 When you need to  focus  on a project, let your phone go to voicemail. If your cell phone rings, check the caller ID, and, if it is not a family member, it is probably not an emergency. 
 If you have an office, close your door. I have a sign for my doorknob that says “Only Emergencies Please.” 
 5. Stay in the Flow 
 If there is an issue or problem that pops up, and it is not an emergency, add it to your list, but do not disrupt your  flow  by getting on it immediately. 
 People don’t get things done because they are constantly jumping from one thing to another instead of adopting a steady flow. 
 6. Discern Priorities 
 Learn to  say “no”  if your list for today is too large. Someone else’s issue is not yours this very minute. 
 If, on the other hand, it is something that you can do in 30 seconds or less, do it. Learning to discern what you can do and what you can’t is important to protecting your time. 
 7. Clean the Slate 
 Get rid of all the  clutter  on your desk. If you have a stack of files, for example, your attention will continually be drawn to it as you are trying to work on one thing. 
 Put them on the floor behind you out of site. Only have your current task on your desk. 
 8. Know What Comes First 
 There is nothing wrong with taking a bit of work home, and it is inevitable sometimes. But nothing that is a 2 goes home. 
 It has already become a 1 for tomorrow, unless you have a strong  motivation  to get it done. And, if you are falling behind on a 3, you might want to spend some home time working on it. 
 9. No Time is Too Small 
 Find chunks of non-office time to work on a task. I am thinking specifically of times when you have a dental or doctor’s appointment or when you take a child to the dentist or to an after-school activity. Work on a task during “wait-time.” 
 -- 
 One final  reminder : Sometimes it is difficult to focus on tasks because your mind continues to wander to some other issue, perhaps a phone call you know you need to make or an email you need to compose. 
 Be flexible enough to stop and take care of that issue to get it out of your head and allow your focus to return. 
 (   Photo   by StartupStockPhotos /   CCO Public Domain   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 do more (2) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 time management (114) 
 
 
 work flow (67) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Julie Ellis  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Julie Ellis  – professional business writer and editor. Her wide experience in the field of education, marketing and psychology gives her the opportunity to help all people that are willing to make the marketing world better. Learn more about her and connect on  Twitter , and  Google+ . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Focus is the Need of the Hour   
  _ _     5 Efficient Ways to Share Files  
  _ _     What Books Help You Be Productive?  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
