Skip to content 
 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Search 
 
 Search for: Search 
 
 The Knight of Steel 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Personal stories/ depression 
 PERSONAL 
 Opinions 
 MENTAL HEALTH 
 My Tiny Tales 
 KNIGHT OF STEEL IMPACT 
 Contact Us 
 Get In Touch :) 
 
 Random ,  Weekly Challenges 
 From Orthodoxy to a Corporate Job. WOW #1 
 Photo by bruce mars on  Pexels.com 
 Date:  September 22, 2018 Author:  knightofsteel   2 Comments 
 “A woman is supposed to work, but only at home. Stop being selfish.” 
 Simran was from a conservative household. She had to fight the elders to complete her post graduation. They wanted to marry her off and get the burden off their shoulders. 
 That was 3 years ago. She ran away from her home and started working with an MNC in Gurugram. She didn’t have a home she could call her own, but her education provided the shelters she needed. Life in a PG was good enough for her. In 3 years she had climbed the corporate ladder quicker than her colleagues. She was financially stable enough to buy a second hand car and was the inspiration for all young ladies in her office. This journey had not been easy though 
 She had freedom from the constrictive restraints of her home but it was still a challenge to stand tall in a man’s world. She had to work harder to prove herself every day. She had been asked for sexual favors many times in exchange for promotions. It was somehow seen as acceptable. Despite all this, the quality of her work and her perseverance shone through. 
 Her days were filled with crumpled balls of paper, paper cups with lipstick marks and restrictive clinchers. She had just given an interview for a high level post that would give her the control over the company’s northern division. She was consciously confident. 
 The phone rang . It was her boss. This was it. 
 “Hey Simran, I hope you are doing well. I have some good news and some bad news. Which one would you like first?” 
 “Let us start with the bad news.” She replied. 
 “Alright, I will be blunt here. We have chosen to go with Rachit for the Zone Head position. I am sorry.” 
 Simran’s heart sank. She had worked for this position for months but ultimately failed. She struggled to speak, “What is the good news?” 
 “The good news is that you are next in line to replace him. If he is poached or decides to leave, you have the first right to refusal.” 
 This gave her some hope. It was a consolation prize but at least it was something. She was just one step away from being the Zonal Head. She did have one question in her mind though, “Sir, can you tell me why they didn’t pick me? I need some honest feedback so that I can work on myself and improve. Where did I fall short?” 
 Her boss hesitated, “Um… well there were many factors. Rachit was more confident and assured…he had a better posture during the interview and um…well we had an eye on our competitors as well. I hope you understand.” 
 She didn’t understand. She asked for a clarification. 
 “You know how our rivals just put Rishabh as their Zone Head. He is an assertive guy and we needed someone who could compete with his, you know, aggressive streak.” Simran understood what was going on. She exchanged petty pleasantries and put the phone down. 
 She had been rejected because she was a woman. They couldn’t have said it outright, but she understood what they meant. She felt numb. It was if she was floating in the air. She couldn’t believe it. The bed was the only thing giving her a semblance of comfort. Her eyes were moist. Her mind took her to the house she had left long back. She tried to sleep but only one thought ran in her head, 
 “Things had changed, and yet, they had not.” 
 Read more on mental health of working women here:  Working Women & Mental Health 
 This post is a part of   Write Over the Weekend , an initiative for   Indian Bloggers   by BlogAdda . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 awareness blog blogging depression feminism fiction life mental health mental illness psychology 
 Published by knightofsteel 
  View all posts by knightofsteel  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Psychiatric Institutes & Mental Health 
 Next Next post: What is Mental Health?-IV. Maturity. 
 2 thoughts on "From Orthodoxy to a Corporate Job. WOW #1" 
 Add Comment 
 
 Sunita  says: 
 
 September 22, 2018 at 10:07 pm 
 This is a position women have to face and the irony is no-one will accept it openly. This is called glass ceiling I think so. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Rashi Roy  says: 
 
 September 25, 2018 at 4:32 am 
 Congrats for winning the Wow badge! This is a very relatable and true story for many women. Sad state of corporate life. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow The Knight of Steel on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,668 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Tags 
 advice   alexa   alone   anxiety   atoz   author   awareness   batman   blog   blog chatter   blogging   book   BPD   challenge   comics   cute   dc   dceu   depression   dogs   ebook   feminism   fiction   FridayFotoFiction   god   happy   help   hope   india   inspiration   inspire   internet   life   lonely   love   mental health   mental illness   motivate   motivation   MyFriendAlexa   news   OCD   opinion   pain   personal   pet   pets   philosophy   poem   POETRY   politics   psychiatry   psychology   pug   pugs   recovery   sad   science   social   society   stigma   story   suicidal   suicide   suicide prevention   superhero   superman   teen   teen life   tiniature   tiny tale   tiny tales   women   writer   writing 
 (C) 2021  The Knight of Steel 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
