
 Olduvai 
 About 
 Topics 
 Passage 
 Media 
 Readings 
 Purchase Book 
 Book 2 Sneak Peek 
 Contribute (content) 
 
  Olduvaiblog: Musings on the coming collapse  
 Better to be years early than minutes late… 
 Search Search 
 
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
 
  Olduvaiblog: Musings on the coming collapse  
 Home  »  Economic  » Oxford Professors: Robots And Computers Could Take Half Our Jobs Within The Next 20 Years 
 Oxford Professors: Robots And Computers Could Take Half Our Jobs Within The Next 20 Years 
 Oxford Professors: Robots And Computers Could Take Half Our Jobs Within The Next 20 Years . 
 What are human workers going to do when super-intelligent robots and computers are better than us at doing  everything ? That is one of the questions that a new study  by Dr. Carl Frey and Dr. Michael Osborne of Oxford University sought to address, and what they concluded was that 47 percent of all U.S. jobs could be automated within the next 20 years. Considering the fact that the percentage of the U.S. population that is employed is already  far lower than it was a decade ago , it is frightening to think that tens of millions more jobs could disappear due to technological advances over the next couple of decades. I have written  extensively  about how we are already losing millions of jobs to super cheap labor on the other side of the globe. What are middle class families going to do as technology also takes away huge numbers of our jobs at an ever increasing pace? We live during a period of history when knowledge is increasing an an exponential rate. In the past, when human workers were displaced by technology it also created new kinds of jobs that the world had never seen before. But what happens when the day arrives when computers and robots can do almost everything more cheaply and more efficiently than humans can? 
 Related articles 
 
 Best of the week: Almost half the jobs Americans thought were safe will soon be done by robots http://t.co/C7mBpfxude  (qz.com) 
 47 percent of U.S. jobs are "at risk" of being automated in the next 20 years  (blacklistednews.com) 
 Nearly Half of U.S. Jobs Could Be Done by Computers, Study Says | Singularity Hub  (mbcalyn.com) 
 
 Related 
 Tags:   Demographics of the United States ,  exponential growth ,  Michael Osborne ,  NeXT ,  Oxford ,  Oxford University ,  Robot ,  Technology 
 By  https://olduvai.ca  in  Economic ,  Liberty  on  September 30, 2013 . 
 <- A Drunken Psychopath At the Wheel: Fukushima Revisited | DailyCensored.com - Breaking Censored News, World, Independent, Liberal News   Marc Faber Warns "We Have Reached The Endgame Of Monetary Policy" | Zero Hedge -> 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 313 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 
 
 Beware of Int'l Financiers and Global Dirigisme 
 
 
 Beware of Int'l Financiers and Global Dirigisme. 
 
 
 Online Surveillance: Government, Business Sharing Info In 'Unprecedented' Ways 
 
 
 Online Surveillance: Government, Business Sharing Info In 'Unprecedented' Ways. 
 
 
 What To Expect (And Not To Expect) In Ontario Election 
 
 
 What To Expect (And Not To Expect) In Ontario Election. 
 
 
 OLDUVAIBLOG HAS MOVED TO OLDUVAI.CA 
 
 
 Remember to now visit me at olduvai.ca. This site will no longer be updated as of April 10, 2014. 
 
 
 New UN Report Is Cautious On Making Climate Predictions by Fred Pearce: Yale Environment 360 
 
 
 New UN Report Is Cautious On Making Climate Predictions by Fred Pearce: Yale Environment 360. 24 MAR 2014: ANALYSIS The draft of the latest report from… 
 Olduvai 
 
 Olduvai 
 
 
 
 68,213 
 
 
 
 
 September 2013 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug   Oct » 
 Top Clicks 
 
 None 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month September 2014  May 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013 
 Check out Olduvai, the novel 
 
 Olduvai 
 Contribute (content) 
 Purchase Book 
 Topics 
 Passage 
 Book 2 Sneak Peek 
 About 
 Media 
 'Musings' 
 Contribute (content) 
 Readings 
 Economic 
 Energy 
 Environmental 
 Geopolitical 
 Liberty 
 Survival Skills 
 Asia 
 Australasia 
 Canada 
 Europe 
 Middle East 
 S. America 
 U.S./Mexico 
 Olduvai 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
