Skip to content 
 Grofar 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Evidencing student employability skills and careers guidance provision 
 Evidencing student employability skills and careers guidance provision 
 November 23, 2016   grofarwebsite 
 Recording employability skills, careers guidance provision, activities and events is essential to evidencing the quality and the impact of your careers programme and helping your school to provide students with the best possible careers service. 
 Evidencing skills and careers guidance provision is made easy with Grofar as these 4 steps demonstrate. 
 1) Add activity to a student 
 Activity is added to a student timeline automatically after a scheduled activity, event or one to one counselling session. Activities can also be added manually by a member of the careers service or by a student themselves. Activities can be added to individual students or entire groups of students. 
 2) Review activity on the student timeline 
 Activity is record against a student timeline so that a full history of careers guidance provision is logged. 
 3) Employability skills and provision overview on student profile 
 See a summary of student employability skills and provision on the student passport. The skills section shows the number of activities where skills have been evidenced and a spider chart to highlight strengths and skills gaps. 
 4) See provision recorded in the student database 
 Provision for each student is highlighted in the student database so you can ensure each student receives the necessary careers guidance and those lagging behind can be easily identified. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  How To Tagged  evidence ,  Good Careers Guidance ,  guidance ,  Skills ,  Student Activity Log ,  Student Passport 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postGrow your Employer and Alumni network 
 Next postCAREERS GUIDANCE: The Poor Relation in the Education Sector 
 One thought on "Evidencing student employability skills and careers guidance provision" 
 
 Maria Hamblin  says: 
 
 November 30, 2016 at 3:38 pm 
 Great idea as always looking to evidence the good work I am doing specifically here. However, the school is using a recording system for a whole range of data gathering and will probably want this information gathered all in place. 
I am considering going self employed in the future and may look at this for evidencing and recording my activities with specific students in specific schools. 
Please let me know if this would be available for an individual consultant to use and what the cost would be? 
Kind regards 
 Maria Hamblin 
 Like Like 
 Comments are closed. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
