  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Customer Service Representative - Spanish & English Speaking 
 at Judopay 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Judopay is a new-age payments platform. We build and design the technology that enables payments for brands like KFC, Wahaca, Revolution Bars, Chip, AutoCab and Venditan. Focused on removing that clunky experience from online checkouts, we're minimising the number of clicks at the checkout, increasing conversion, reducing fraud and giving our merchants a greater insight into how payments can support their business challenges. 
 We are taking the lead in the mobile digital payment revolution, powering easy, frictionless checkout experiences for our customer's customers, both in-app and online. We provide our customers with end to end secure payment solutions globally and are creating a platform which enables commerce from any end point. 
 Our Judopay family is a mighty team of payment experts from all over the world (13 countries and counting!). We are highly talented, fun and hard-working people who are passionate about payments and want to help change the way people pay. We care deeply about our customers, we challenge how they do things, we learn from them and every day we develop, ideate and work together to drive the most innovative payment experiences 
 Delighting our customers is a key pillar to our success and sometimes they need an extra bit of love and that is where you step in. As a Customer Service Representative you will be on the front line when it comes to helping our customers. You will be building relationships and showing them how hard we will work to provide an awesome experience with us. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Providing first line customer service to our English and Spanish speaking customers 
 Identifying, resolving or escalating customer queries via phone and email 
 Logging all queries raised within our CRM system 
 Providing internal and external data reports (manual and automated scripting) 
 Making changes and amendments on client accounts where necessary 
 Customer documentation gathering 
 Running due diligence processes on end clients 
 Assisting with Anti Money Laundering procedures 
 New major account creation and set up 
 Maintain levels of Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) and Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
 Ad-hoc requests such as translations between English and Spanish 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Fluent / native in English and Spanish, additional languages valued 
 2+ year experience in a front line Customer Service role 
 Having experience in payments is desirable but not essential 
 Excellent communicator (both written and verbal) 
 Confident with handling customer calls 
 Naturally helpful with a good level of patience 
 Real problem solver 
 Work on your own initiative 
 Be adaptive and flexible 
 Committed and punctual 
 
 You will succeed if you... 
 
 Are passionate about always going the extra mile to deliver excellent Customer Service 
 Have a 'can do' and 'roll your sleeves up' attitude 
 Are resilient in the face of challenges 
 Are a winner, highly competitive and a team player 
 Are a people person with strong relationship skills; have high levels of empathy and are an excellent listener 
 Love autonomy 
 Are highly self-motivated and will drive solutions rather than dwelling on problems 
 Have the ability to operate in an often ambiguous and fast-paced environment 
 Are data driven 
 Are highly organised with great time management skills 
 Able to operate confidently across all levels of business, from front-line support teams to C-suite 
 Want to come into a business and help grow us into a global business 
 Love to geek out on product knowledge 
 Are keenly interested in the growing world of mobile commerce; constantly running out of space on your phone because you try out so many apps 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Share options 
 Uncapped Holiday 
 Birthdays off 
 Personalised career development plan 
 Internal and external training 
 Private medical healthcare 
 Pension 
 Cycle to work scheme 
 Very cool office in the heart of Hoxton 
 Very delightful office dogs 
 'Remote first' policy 
 Spill mental health benefit 
 Benefits platform with great discounts 
 Peer recognition awards. 
 
 Equal Opportunities 
 We at Judopay, are an equal opportunity employer. No job applicant or employee receives less favourable treatment because of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, race, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation. Individuals are selected, promoted and treated on the basis of their relevant merits and abilities and no applicant or employee is disadvantaged by provisions, criteria or practices which cannot be shown to be justified. 
 Our privacy policy is listed on our company website. 
 Apply for this job 
 Published at 12 Jan 2021 - Expires on 1 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
