Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Project Manager 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Salary:  $88,140 - $110,000(based on experience and competencies) 
 Digitally enabling the good work at UHN! 
 UHN is a major landmark in Canada’s health care system with four hospitals, five research institutes, and our Michener Institute of Education. Our purpose is to transform lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery, and learning. With over 1,200 beds, more than one million clinic visits per year, and a budget of over $2 billion, UHN and its 16,000 employees make a difference in the lives of patients and their families every day. 
 For more information on UHN, visit www.uhn.ca. 
 Overview of the Position: 
The Data and Implementation Science Team at UHN supports impactful delivery of solutions benefiting the health system; discovers, validates, designs and delivers opportunities of change, and brings contextual awareness through data to ensure successful implementations, value and outcomes for UHN’s patients. 
 An exciting opportunity is available to showcase your talents as a Project Manager within the Researcher Experience Program. The Research Experience Program is responsible for delivering on digital and technology initiatives that provide organizational value to the research community. 
 Skills: 
Project Management 
 Leading multiple projects of large scope/complexity from initiation to close-out, including effective planning, requirements gathering, workflow mapping, schedule, budget, and issue tracking, risk mitigation, and resource utilization 
Integrating emerging trends and incorporating subject matter expertise to creatively deliver impactful and innovative solutions 
An innate ability to recognize problems, proactively research the best option, and utilize individual judgment and action to resolve them efficiently 
Being exceptionally organized, detail-oriented, adaptive, and client-focused 
 Change Management & Communications 
 Demonstrated experience leading enterprise-wide change through comprehensive strategic planning, engagement and communications 
Possessing exceptional facilitation and communication skills and a strong emotional intelligence to connect with stakeholders, build consensus, gain buy-in, and build relationships 
 Leadership & Strategy 
 The ability to conceptualize processes, practices, and trends to support organizational strategy 
Facilitating a collaborative environment with executive leadership, program team(s), external vendors/contractors, and functional/business/technical stakeholders 
Possessing excellent team-building, listening, coaching, and mentorship skills 
Self-motivated, with the ability to work independently and efficiently 
 Required Qualifications: 
An Undergraduate Degree in Health Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Business, or a related field 
2+ years of comprehensive experience as a Project Manager (planning, implementation, documentation, and benefits realization) 
3+ years of progressive responsibility leading organizational change-related initiatives (people, culture, behaviour, process, and technology) 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to effectively communicate and influence all levels of the organization 
Advanced proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite (Outlook, Visio, Project, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, and SharePoint) 
 Considered an asset: 
A Master’s degree in a relevant discipline such as Health Science, Healthcare Administration or Business Administration, or equivalent combination of education and experience 
Project Management certification 
Knowledge of trends, strategic frameworks, and advances in data and analytics capabilities 
Experience working in a complex, public sector organization or healthcare institution 
 Meetings and Travel:  Office is in the Toronto Downtown area (Yonge/Dundas). Due to COVID our team has transformed to a mostly virtual team. 
 POSTING DATE:  November 6, 2020 ENDING DATE: Until Filled 
 Staffing Advisor, Human Resources AOB Posting # 866353 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
