Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Associate 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Classification & Regular Hours 
 Hours per Week:  37.5 
 Salary Grade:  Technical Level 7 
 Please note, this is a 2-year, temporary full-time contract opportunity. 
 About Western 
 With an international reputation for success, Western ranks as one of Canada's top research-intensive universities. Our research excellence expands knowledge and drives discovery with real-world application. Western also provides an exceptional employment experience, offering competitive salaries, a wide range of employment opportunities and one of Canada's most beautiful campuses. 
 About Us 
 The Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine fully supports the mission and values of the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry, Western University, London Health Sciences Centre and St. Joseph’s Health Care London. Members of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine strive to provide a quality work environment that fosters unity, respect for diversity, teamwork and professional growth. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Research Associate will provide ongoing clinical diagnostic test development related to molecular genetics research. The incumbent will lead specific research projects that utilize genomic data to answer complex research questions using computational biology and in silico (dry lab) bioinformatics. The Research Associate will process and analyze research results and will publish and present findings locally and nationally. In collaboration with the Principal Investigator, the incumbent will develop new and innovative research approaches to achieve desired research outcomes. The Research Associate will facilitate research by providing guidance to internal and external clients regarding data, related methods and software tools and equipment, as well as best approaches for project development, implementation, and evaluation. The incumbent will carry out and oversee original and independent research, develop new research initiatives and substantially complete grant applications for the principal investigator. The Research Associate will foster and facilitate international research collaborations, coordinating national research efforts and projects from different sites. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 Masters degree in a relevant discipline (genetics, biology or biochemistry) 
 
 Experience: 
 
 4 years' experience in computational biology and bioinformatics (including Post-Graduate research experience) 
 
 Preferred Experience: 
 
 Experience in biostatistics and scripting (writing code) 
 Experience with computer languages (e.g. R, Python, Pearl) 
 Substantial work completed on postdoctoral research portfolio in a directly related field; a strong publication record including first author publications, peer reviewed journals 
 
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 
 
 In-depth knowledge of the regulations and guidelines governing research in an academic environment and of best practices for reviewing and writing grant proposals 
 Advanced skills in software and applications used to produce and analyze research outcomes 
 In-depth knowledge of techniques for updating, managing and extracting data from a research database 
 Project management skills to manage projects from conception to completion within tightly prescribed timelines 
 Demonstrated expertise of scientific/research principles in computational biology and bioinformatics 
 In-depth knowledge of methods for research design, implementation, and analysis 
 Ability to collaborate across internal and external boundaries to meet common objectives, improve outcomes and support work beyond one's own unit 
 Well-developed public speaking skills to engage individuals and audiences inside and outside the University 
 Excellent written communication skills with a demonstrated ability to complete detailed reports and scientific publications 
 Attention to detail with an ability to retrieve, analyze and synthesize sizable amounts of data, while ensuring that information is accurate and comprehensive 
 Excellent oral communication skills with a demonstrated ability in public speaking 
 A desire to grow and advance skills, which is demonstrated by attending conferences, workshops and other professional developmental opportunities to enhance performance 
 Ability to remain highly motivated, resilient, innovative, and collaborative when faced with challenges 
 Ability to work within a flexible schedule to accommodate the University’s events and activities 
 Ability to interpret and identify key results or patterns in complex research data, and succinctly summarize findings 
 Ability to apply critical thinking to evaluate information and make appropriate decisions or recommendations 
 Ability to evaluate issues, recognize potential problems and take action to proactively resolve issues 
 Ability to adhere to legislated safety requirements and Western safety policies 
 Ability to work independently and effectively as a member of the team to achieve department goals 
 Familiarity with University policies and procedures preferred 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
