Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Light Duty Cleaner - Part time - Joseph Brant, Burlington 
 Compass Group Canada 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You might not know our name, but you know where we are. That’s because Compass Group Canada is part of a global foodservice and support services company that’s the 6th largest employer in the world, with 625,000 employees. 
 You’ll find us in schools, colleges, hospitals, office buildings, senior living communities, tourist attractions, sports venues, remote camps and military installations and more. We’re in all major cities, at remote work sites and everywhere in between – doing business in Canada and 50+ other countries where you can learn and grow. Join us now and point your career forward! 
 Why work with Morrison Healthcare? Imagine belonging to a team that delights in the power of healing and bringing out the best in others. Working in the healthcare food industry is amazing, because you can have a positive impact every day—on medical professionals, patients and visitors. This is so much more than a job. This is an opportunity to change lives—one day at a time. Join us. 
 Location:  Joseph Brant Hospital, 1245 lakeshore Rd, urlington,L7S-0A2 
 Shift:  Full time and Part time 
 Pay rate:  $14.25/hr 
 Job Summary 
 Responsible for cleaning tasks in designated areas of a building, including dusting, dust mopping, cleaning washroom fixtures, spot cleaning, emptying and cleaning ashtrays and emptying and cleaning waste receptacles and vacuuming of carpets. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Perform general custodial requirements and any related duties as assigned (duties include: but are not limited to: use of various cleaning equipment, vacuuming, spot cleaning, sweeping, mopping floors, emptying waste receptacles and other common areas). 
Restock single unit dispensers containing soap, towels, toilet tissue and sanitary napkins. 
Complete periodic equipment checks. 
Observe/practice all health & safety procedures and policies. 
 Qualifications: 
Think you have what it takes to be part of our Light Duty Cleaners? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role: 
 Previous cleaning experience is an asset. 
Able to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing. 
Must be reliable, motivated, enthusiastic and a team player, willing to assist as needed. 
Must be able to use cleaning equipment (ie. I-mop, vacuum.) 
Physically able to carry out duties of the position. 
 Compass Group Canada is committed to nurturing a diverse workforce representative of the communities within which we operate. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 For accommodation requests during the hiring process, please contact PeopleHub@compass-canada.com for further information. 
 Job Segment:  Housekeeping, Food Service, Part Time, Hospitality 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
