  
 Indus Asia Online Journal (iaoj) 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home page 
 Follow us on twitter 
 Baba Bulle Shah 
 Community Connection 
 About 
 Mail Box 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: losts jobs 
 Economy ,  International ,  News 
 CBC News - Canada loses 54,500 jobs in March 
 05/04/2013   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 Jobless rate ticks higher to 7.2% as private-sector hiring slumps 
 By  CBC News 
 Canada's economy lost 54,500 jobs in March, bleak new data from Statistics Canada showed Friday. 
 That's the worst month for Canadian employment since the recession of 2009. When added to the numbers for January and February, they show that Canada's economy has lost 26,000 jobs so far in 2013 as a whole 
 The job losses pushed Canada's jobless rate higher to 7.2 per cent. 
 "Official unemployment would have increased even more but for 12,300 Canadians dropping out of the labour force altogether and consequently not being counted as unemployed," United Steelworkers economist Erin Weir said of the data. 
 Provincially, Quebec, British Columbia and Alberta lost jobs, and employment edged down in Ontario. The only province with an increase was Nova Scotia. 
 Loonie sinks on news 
 Private sector hiring, the engine of growth that policymakers keep a close eye on, actually fared even worse. There were 85,000 fewer private sector workers in March, while the public sector was largely unchanged, 
 There was an increase of 39,000 among self-employed people that counteracted the decline. 
 Overall, economists had been expecting about 6,500 new jobs, so a loss of 54,500 represents a considerable miss. 
 Much of the losses came among those in the core working-age group of those between 25 and 54. Among those younger than 25 and older than 54, the job numbers were pretty steady. 
 The Canadian dollar lost half a cent to trade below 98 cents US in reaction to the news. 
 Courtesy:  CBC News 
 http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/story/2013/04/05/business-jobs-canada.html 
 Alberta bleak British Columbia Canada Canadians CBC Conservatives corporae greed Data Decline dollar edged down Flaherty Harper jobleess loses losts jobs manufacturing Nova Scotia Ontario Policymakers Quebec rate recession slumps Statistics Unemployment Weaker economy worse worst 
 SUFI POET SHAH ABDUL LATIF 
 When the world was still to be born 
When Adam was still to receive his form 
Then my relationship began 
When I heard the Lord's voice 
A voice sweet and clear 
I said "YES" with my heart 
And formed a bond with land (Sindh) 
I love 
When all of us were one, My bond 
then begun. 
 
 Secular Sindhi Sufi (mystic) poet of Peace, Shah Abdul Latif (1689 - 1752) 
 
 
 Saaeen sadaaeen kareen mathay Sindh sukaar, Dost mithha dildaar aalam sabh aabaad kareen. 
Translation - May Lord bless Sindh along with entire world. 
 SHAH ABDUL LATIF, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet ( 1689 – 1752 ) 
 
 Religions got the people confused in the country 
The mullahs, the Pundits, the Sheiks misled the masses 
Some bowed themselves in prayers and some settled 
in the temples 
People of mind never got closer to love even. 
 ~ Sachal Sarmast, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet (1739–1829) 
 
 "The brave speak the truth Let others like it or not; For the talk of false friendship we care not."  ~ Sachal Sarmast, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet (1739–1829) 
 
 "Aad sach, jugaad sach. Hai bhi sach, Nanak, hosi bhi sach." ~  Guru Nanak Jee.  - Translation: truth is the beginning and the end. Nanak, truth is now and truth is all there will be tomorrow. 
 Popularity Site Meter 
 
 1,879,939 hits 
 
 Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 
 To visit Roman Sindhi Dictionary at Glosbe, please   CLICK HERE 
 OUR BELIEFS: 
 
We believe that we can change the world. Yes, we do. 
WE BELIEVE IN WOMEN RIGHTS- Woman is an Independent Human being to take decision on her life. 
We believe in making the world a safer place to live in & spread love & peace. 
We have; 
No any profit motives. 
No government intervention and influence. 
No prejudice & jealousy to others. 
 Our Slogan is:  All Nations, All Races, All Creeds have same dreams and same needs. 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 M. A. Jinnah's Speech 
 
"You are free; you are free to go to your temples, you are free to go to your mosques or to any other place of worship in this State of Pakistan. You may belong to any religion or caste or creed – that has nothing to do with the business of the State." - Founder of Pakistan - M. A. Jinnah. 
 “Minorities to whichever community they may belong, will be safeguarded. Their religion of faith or belief will be secure. There will be no interference of any kind with their freedom of worship. They will have their protection with regard to their religion, faith, their life, and their culture. They will be, in all respects, the equal citizens of Pakistan without any distinction of caste or creed.” ~ M. A. JINNAH, July 14, 1947, at a press conference in New Delhi. 
 "Education is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world." ~ Nelson Mandela 
 visitors at this time 
 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 Express yourself (Comments) 
 
 
 
 
 Chitkara University…  on  Pakistani universities climbin… 
 
 
 
 
 
 saif  on  Some bitter facts about late G… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  The Truth About Islam 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Pakistan still global jihad hu… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Obama's Bluff by George… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Having Saved Syria, Putin Now… 
 
 
 
 wuoivjaffh  on  Simple arithmetic — Mir Mohamm… 
 
 
 
 Mohammad Hashim Memo…  on  Laxman Komal’s Autobiography L… 
 
 
 
 wieliczko.eu  on  Karachi is my city, my home 
 
 
 
 waterfallmagazine.co…  on  Dialects of Sindhi language 
 
 
 
 Sufi Orders in Pakis…  on  Who Is Our Hero : Raja Daher o… 
 
 
 Iltaf on  4th March: Sindhi Struggle day… 
 
 
 
 
 Rusty  on  Wiki in Pakistan: Filling in t… 
 
 
 
 Mehboob Raza  on  Sindhi daily still in India 
 
 
 mustafa sindhi on  Sindhi daily still in India 
 
 
 
 
 Imagine - John Lennon 
 Imagine there's no heaven 
It's easy if you try 
No hell below us 
Above us only sky 
Imagine all the people 
Living for today... 
 Imagine there's no countries 
It isn't hard to do 
Nothing to kill or die for 
And no religion too 
Imagine all the people 
Living life in peace... 
 You may say I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will be as one 
 Imagine no possessions 
I wonder if you can 
No need for greed or hunger 
A brotherhood of man 
Imagine all the people 
Sharing all the world... 
 You may say I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will live as one. 
- John Lennon. 
 SINDH BREATHS WHEN RIVER INDUS GUSH.- Shah Latif 
 Baba Bulle Shah  -Masjid dhaa de, Mandir dhaa de, Dhaa de jo kuch dhenda, 
Par kissi da dil na dha vee, Rab dilla wich﻿ rehnda hae 
Translation - Destroy a mosque, destroy a temple, destroy everything in sight. But don't break a human heart, for that is where God resides -  -Baba Bulle Shah 
 Utho meri dunya ke gariboN ko jagA do, KAkh-e-umrA ke dar-o-deewAr hilA do, Jis khet se dehkAN ko muyassar na ho rozi, Us khet ke har khosha-e-gandam ko jalA do  Poet Iqbal (1877-1938) 
 AWWAL ALLAH NOOR UPAYA, KUDRAT KAY SABH BANDEY. EK NOOR TAY SABH JAG UPAJIYA, KAUN BHALAY KO MANDEY 
Translation - PEACE IS ALLAH, PEACE IS GOD, PEACE IS BHAGWAN. WITHOUT PEACE, EVERY HUMAN, BECOMES BEAST. -  Kabir, from Guru Granth ji 
 Our vision: Together we make a difference! 
 
Indus Asia Online Journal is a common platform & global voice of the community. It's vision is to help bring positive changes & improvements in all spheres of life. 
 Monday to Friday we have new interesting postings 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Oct 
 About us 
 
 In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself. But I felt that I, too, existed much of the time in a different dimension from everyone else I knew. There was waking, and there was sleeping. And then there were books, a kind of parallel universe in which anything might happen and frequently did, a universe in which I might be a newcomer but was never really a stranger. My real, true world. My perfect island.  -(ANNA QUINDLEN) 
In the past I have been jack of all trades- Now my activity is bloging. My off time after my office/job/ is spent mostly with my family [wife & two children (son & daughter). I believe in positive mental attitude and dedication. I am living in Canada and my destiny is hope. " 
... and the Truth will set you free." - John 8:32 
Editor-Moderator, IAOJ 
 Voltaire 
 "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it" ~ Voltaire 
 Most Hot & Active Posts 
 
 G. M. SYED's Quotes (January 17, 1904 - April 25, 1995) 
 Balochi song - (with lyrics translation) 
 Serve humanity in true manner 
 Lemon Juice Eradicate my Chronic Hepatitis B 
 De-coding G. M. Syed 
 Back to Syed: Sindhi nationalism & the Bhuttos 
 SINDHIS OF KURDISTAN 
 Bashir Qureshi: “Such is my Love for Mother Sindh, Other Beloveds all Forgotten” 
 “Why democratic system is weak in Pakistan: Causes and Solutions” 
 Quaid-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah: The Ambassador of Hindu-Muslim unity 
 
 
 Balochistan   Culture   Current Issues   Economy   Entertainment   Food   Health   History   Human Rights   India   International   Islamabad   Kashmir   Khyber Pakhtunkhwa   Life   Media   Music   News   Pakistan   Personalities   Politics   Punjab   Random   Religion   Science   Sindh   Sindhi   Uncategorized   Video 
 Altaf Shaikh Corner 
 
 Altaf Shaikh Columns 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Agha Ji Otaq 
 All Things Pakistan 
 Answers dot com 
 Chandiramani Roman Sindhi Script 
 Color Charts 
 Dictionary 
 Economic Literacy & Budget Accountability for Governance 
 Google Document 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Karachi Is My City My Home 
 MQM WATCH 
 Nanowrimo 
 Political News 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Romi Forum 
 Samma 
 Sindh Institue of Urology 
 Sindh Salamat 
 Sindh Talk 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 Sindhi Kitab 
 Sindhi Life 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi Wikipedia 
 SindhiShaan 
 Sollywood 
 Sufi 
 Syed Adeeb 
 Talpurs of Sindh 
 The Food Allergy Network 
 The Nutritional Monitoring System 
 Tor Browser 
 Tufts University Nutrition 
 urdu dictionary 
 Ustad Bukhari 
 Z. A. Bhutto 
 
 Computing 
 
 Kompozer HTML editor 
 Learn about HTML & other programmings 
 Live Writer to insert tables into a Blog post 
 Sindhi Text Rcognizer 
 
 Free Online Books 
 
 Book: Harvest will come by Iqbal Tareen 
 
 Human Rights 
 
 Human Rights Defence 
 Human Rights Watch 
 Social media blocked by Govt. Use this 
 
 Media Links 
 
 BBC News 
 BBC- Islam & Taliban: An Interview worth listening 
 Daily Dawn 
 Daily Howler 
 Deutsche Welle Germany 
 Documentary Videos 
 Google News 
 Media Matters 
 New York Times 
 Science, Engineering and Technology database 
 Seens from Pakistan 
 Sindhi Film.com 
 Stars and Stripes 
 The Economist 
 The guardian 
 Washington Post 
 
 Pakistani Newspapers & blogs 
 
 Aalmi Akhbar 
 BBC Urdu 
 BBC- Islam & Taliban: An Interview worth listening 
 Daily Jang 
 Frontier Post 
 How to write in Urdu 
 IAOJ Polls 
 Link to Constitution of Pakistan 
 Mahmood Sham 
 Marvi Sirmed 
 Naseem Kousar 
 Nazir Abbasi (BBC urdu) 
 Pak Tea House 
 Pakistan Christian Post 
 Pakistan Desk 
 Pakistan Politics 
 Pashtun Voice 
 Peshawar Statesman 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Science Ki Dunya 
 Sindh Telegraph 
 Student Unions in Paksitan 
 The Baloch Hal 
 The Ehtisham Review 
 Urdu Online dictionary 
 Vertual Keyboard in Urdu 
 View Point Online 
 Voice of America 
 Wichaar.com 
 
 Personalities 
 
 A True Bhutto 
 Bhaghvanti Navani - Well known voice of Sindhi songs. 
 Fatima Bhutto 
 Naseem Kousar 
 U.N. report and Benazir Assassination- BBC urdu 
 UN Report of Benazir bhutto's Assassination 
 UN report on Benazir : Challenge For Govt 
 
 Roman Sindhi 
 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 Indus Roman Sindhi (Sindhu Roman Sindhi) 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Alphabet 
 Indus Roman Sindhi blog 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Exceptions 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Extended Elongation 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Script at Wikipedia 
 More about Indus Roman Sindhi Script 
 Numbers in Romanized Sindhi 
 Roman Sindhi words 
 Romanisation of Sindhi 
 Short sentences in Indus Roman Sindhi Script 
 Sindhi Romanized numbers in words 
 
 Search Engines 
 
 Google Search engine 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Wolframalpha Search Engine 
 Yahoo Search engine 
 
 Sind’s Recent History 
 
 61 YEARS OF INJUSTICE WITH SINDHIS- BBC report 
 A Leaf From the History of Sindh 
 Comrade Hyder Bukhsh Jatoi 
 Harvest will come 
 How did they start conspiring against the Sindhis and their institutions?- BBC 
 Mohan Jo Daro Script 
 Pakistan: Govt. exposed (BBC) 
 Pakistan: Punjab- Sindh relations.. Analysis - by Dilshad Bhutto 
 Poltical Movements of Sindh after Partition 
 Sindh's Participation in freedom uprising of 1857 
 The compulsion of History 
 
 Sindhi Computing 
 
 Download 30 MB Sindi fonts 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Sindhi Localization 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi OpenPad 
 Sindhi Text Rcognizer 
 Sindhi Wiktionary 
 Write Sindhi On Internet 
 
 Sindhi Media 
 
 Daily Awamiawaz 
 IAOJ Polls 
 Sindh TV 
 Sindhi Daily Ibrat 
 Sindhi Daily Kawish 
 Sindhi Sagat TV 
 SindhiShaan 
 
 Sindhi Resources 
 
 Bhaghvanti Navani - Well known voice of Sindhi songs. 
 Book’s on Sindh’s History 
 Downlaod Shah Jo Risalo (English) 
 Encyclopedia Sindhiana 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 G. M. Syed 
 Google Sindh 
 Govt. of Sindh 
 Gul Hayat Institute 
 Harvest will come 
 Historic Karachi 
 History of Sindh 
 Indus Roman Sindhi (Sindhu Roman Sindhi) 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Jennifer Cole's work for Sindhi Language 
 Learn Sindhi 
 Let's Learn Sindhi 
 Omniglot: Sindhi Writing System 
 Online Sindhi Dictionaries 
 Photo Gallery of Sindh 
 Pictorial Sindh 
 Portal of Online Sindhi Learning 
 Romanisation of Sindhi 
 SANA 
 SANA Souvenir 2010 
 Sindh Education Foundation 
 Sindh Institue of Urology 
 Sindh Local Govt. Dept. 
 Sindh Mag 
 Sindh Medical College, Karachi 
 Sindh Net Work 
 Sindh Sabha Website 
 Sindh University 
 Sindh Wild Life 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 Sindh2UK 
 Sindhi Adabi Board Online Library 
 Sindhi American Action Committee 
 Sindhi Audio 
 Sindhi Boli Sahit Sabha 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Sindhi Film.com 
 Sindhi Language 
 Sindhi Language in India BBC urdu 
 Sindhi Language Resources 
 Sindhi Links 
 Sindhi Localization 
 Sindhi On-line Dictionary 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi OpenPad 
 
 Think Tanks 
 
 Center for Strategic and International Studies 
 Council on Foreign Relations 
 Foreign Affairs 
 General Yahya - 1971 Bengali massacre 
 George C. Marshall Center 
 Goethe 
 Institue of Peace & Conflict Studies 
 Matrix Group International 
 Partition of subcontinent & retributive genocide 
 Project on Defense Alternatives 
 RARRE 
 
 Disclaimer 
 You are using this web page just for viewing purpose only. All users are using this blog at their own risk and agree not hold "IAOJ" liable for any thing resulting from visiting of this blog or any other blog maintained by IAOJ. 
 "IAOJ" is not responsible for any content linked to or refered to. All videos, Live Tvs, blogs or videos links point to content hosted on third party websites or we are using third party links. "IOAJ" does not accept responsibility for content hosted on other websites. 
"IAOJ" acts as personal Journal, blog or diary . Under no circumstances shall "IAOJ" be responsible for anything or otherwise whatsoever. 
The views & opinions expressed on this blog are in no way representative of the views or opinions of the blog. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 439 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Script रोमन सिंधी लिपि رومن سنڌي اسڪرپٽ 
 
 Indus Roman Sindhi is same as Sindhi, the only difference is script used. Through Indus Roman Sindhi Script anyone can read and write the Sindhi language through English alphabet. 
 To learn more about Roman Sindhi Script, please   CLICK HERE 
 Name of Excellence in alternative & borderless journalism.Together we stitch the world & make a difference. Leading today for tomorrow. Sindh lives here 
 Bhalee karay aaya (Welcome at IAOJ) 
 Indus Asia Online Journal is a moderate or a progressive blog or you can call a liberal blog, which focuses on the thoughts and to discuss on socio economic political and geo-political conditions of the world. 
However, "IAOJ" encourages publishing about current affairs, human rights, analysis on issues, multicultural and community activities, history, life experiences, sharing photos, famous personalities, & jokes etc. 
 We don't support any party & we post opinion articles supporting both left & right wing for awareness & understanding of the issues . In this way we want spark debate & discussion. Indus Asia Online Journal is not here to push any particular political agenda or blindly support any party. 
 We believe strength lies in dedication and team work. 
 For us silence is no longer a solution towards our social & political issues. When politics decides your future! You should decide your politics! 
 "IAOJ" brings you briefs on geo-politics from around the world. We gather information and insights from multiple sources and presents to you to quench your Thirst for right perspective with right information at right time. 
 Disclaimer 
 You are using this web page just for viewing purpose only. All users are using this blog at their own risk and agree not hold "IAOJ" liable for any thing resulting from visiting of this blog or any other blog maintained by IAOJ. 
 "IAOJ" is not responsible for any content linked to or refered to. All videos, Live Tvs, blogs or videos links point to content hosted on third party websites or we are using third party links. "IOAJ" does not accept responsibility for content hosted on other websites. 
"IAOJ" acts as personal Journal, blog or diary . Under no circumstances shall "IAOJ" be responsible for anything or otherwise whatsoever. 
The views & opinions expressed on this blog are in no way representative of the views or opinions of the blog. 
All-information we may publish here sincerely with little editing, for the reasons to improve the quality of discussion, while giving the maximum room for freedom of expression, clarity & space and it deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. 
 Health Issues 
Articles on health issues are not intended to treat, diagnose or prescribe a cure for any health problem. The information contained herein is in no way to be considered as a substitute for your own inner guidance or consultation with a duly licensed health- care professional. 
I am not an expert on this or any other issues. I am a citizen journalist. My views on this and other blogs are just my personal views and they could be wrong. 
The material on this blog is just to create awareness, debate, dialogue, interaction and understanding in people on different issues of politics, economics, human rights, environmental, social justice, democracy, Science, culture, history and different philosophies of the world without any profit basis. 
 We believe in humanity, diversity and fairness and we are not against any nation, religion, race, colour or country. And also we believe in a manner full debate, pluralism and tolerance. We have no pretension nor illusions but the motivation to see our world as a better place. 
 Indus Asia Online Journal, iaoj, is a public forum of the oppressed people, communities, nations and it provides opportunity to its users and readers to share their views with community /public at large. Therefore, IAOJ is not responsible for the contents, we receive information from several unidentified sources including e-groups, facebook, twitter, internet and e-mails. Neither the email address nor the name of the sender verified. 
 Your critical feed back & courteous arguments are always welcome. 
 
 >More- click here 
 
 - Editor & Moderator, IAOJ. 
 SAVE INDUS RIVER 
 HOW COME BAGLIHAR DAM WRONG & KALABAGH DAM RIGHT? “WHEN INDIA DIVERTS PAKISTAN’S WATER, IT IS A TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE UNDER INTERNATIONAL RIVER LAW, WHEN PUNJAB DOES THE SAME TO SINDH, IT IS DEEMED NECESSARY FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF PAKISTAN.”.- Humaira Rahman, a Sindhi-Canadian environmentalist. 
 "IF YOU WANT TO KILL RIVER BUILDING DAMS IS THE BEST WAY TO DO IT." - CANADIAN DOCUMENTARY MAKER MICHAEL BUCKLEY. 
 UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
 - All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. 
- Every one has the right to freedom of opinion & expression this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference & to seek, receive & impart information and ideas through any media & regardless of frontiers ... 
 
 Read more- UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Graduate Seminar on Pakistan's Water Challenges: Need for Integrated Water Resources Management held at USPCAS-W MUET 
 Destruction Of Indus Delta As A Result Of Dams On Rivers In Pakistan 
 Indus River: Water Scarcity And The Conflict Between Sindh And Punjab 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 The role of women in Sindhi society 
 
 Rabindranath Tagore 
 Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high; Where knowledge is free; Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls; Where the words come out from the depth of truth; Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection; Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit; Where the mind is led forward by Thee into ever-widening thought and action-- Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake. ~ Rabindranath Tagore 
 The process of change 
 - [You cannot expect change to happen overnight. The process of change is slow and gradual. It is a work in progress all the time. It happens through legislation, it happens through social transformation, attitude change, and mindset change. So it is indeed a work in progress all the time. You have to keep working on it, without worrying too much to see the outcome in your lifetime....Kaifi Azmi] 
- [Change can come in either of two important ways: start behaving positively or stop behaving negatively- Dr. Phill] 
- [Freedom cannot exist without discipline, self-discipline, and rights cannot exist without duties. Those who do not observe their duties do not deserve their rights. - Oriana Fallaci.] 
 Amar Fayaz Buriro - "Sky's The Limit" 
 Amar Fayaz 
 Amar has endeavoured to bring this latest technology to the service of major Pakistani languages such as Sindhi & urdu. He realized that, these languages of his country faced formidable challenges due to non-compatibility with browsers designed especially for the handheld devices such as tablets and cellphones. One of the major issues so far as Urdu was concerned was the use of the traditionally preferred Nastaleeq style on the web. Finally he was able to create the first Web based Nastaleeq font “Amar Nastaleeq”, which is a lightweight font that allows robust and reliable conversion to various embeddable formats for use across major OS’s, browsers and devices. Meanwhile, he also worked at localizing the world’s leading CMS Joomla for Urdu and Sindhi. Today he is developer of more than 50 multilingual & complex websites (including this) which use advanced PHP programming. He also found that majority of the programmers and web developers in our country use nulled versions, cracked software and pirated scripts. This unfortunately is the major cause why most of the websites get hacked and the database management has security issues. Deviating from this practice, he chose to use neat and clean programming and licensed scripts. 
Read more about  Amar Fayaz  »  Click Here 
 The Earth 
 Our planet doesn't come with a spare. We all have a choice we can continue to drain natural resources while creating more and more pollution or we can make a change we can.. And until we find another planet Earth. 
 Tao Te Ching (4th cent. BCE) 
 Weapons are the tools of violence; 
all decent men detest them. 
 Weapons are the tools of fear; 
a decent man will avoid them 
except in the direst necessity 
and, if compelled, will use them 
only with the utmost restraint. 
Peace is his highest value. 
If the peace has been shattered, 
how can he be content? 
His enemies are not demons, 
but human beings like himself. 
He doesn't wish them personal harm. 
Nor does he rejoice in victory. 
How could he rejoice in victory 
and delight in the slaughter of men? 
 He enters a battle gravely, 
with sorrow and with great compassion, 
as if he were attending a funeral. 
--Tao Te Ching (4th cent. BCE) 
   BBC News 
 
 Russia Navalny: Poisoned opposition leader flying home 
 
 The opposition leader has been recovering in Germany, but expects arrest when he lands in Moscow. 
 
 Talented but flawed producer Phil Spector dies aged 81 
 
 Spector transformed pop music with his "wall of sound", but in 2009 was jailed for killing actress Lana Clarkson. 
 
 Biden inauguration: Executive orders to reverse Trump policies 
 
 The new president will repeal Trump travel bans and re-join the Paris climate accord after being sworn in. 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007  September 2007  Search for: 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
