Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Consultant, Inclusive Client Strategy 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 Reporting to the Senior Director of Inclusive Client Strategy, the Sr. Consultant of Inclusive Client Strategy is accountable for partnering to lead the design, development and execution of strategies for the Indigenous client segment. Work is varied and diverse, but you can expect it will involve conducting research to identify best practices and competitive activity, and working on a cross-functional team throughout the stages of solution identification, scoping, designing, implementing and tracking. Components of the role also include quantifying opportunities, and creating executive-level analysis, communication, and frameworks to ensure effective decision making. You will lead in driving and supporting the implementation of opportunities within relative businesses and/or with product partners. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Relationship Building - You will partner with stakeholders from across CIBC (e.g., our Frontline, Strategy, Marketing, Product, and Digital teams) to ensure the rationale for change is clearly understood. You will identify key client interaction points, will support the creation of differentiated solutions that meet the needs of clients in priority segments and work with the Client Strategy Lead to drive the change agenda to achieve defined measures of success. 
 Analytical Thinking & Business Acumen- You have a good understanding of CIBC product, channel & distribution capabilities, are able to generate client insights and are skilled at synthesizing them to present actionable insights. You are adept at understanding the strategic & financial implications of various solutions that might be created to meet client needs for priority segments. You will also lead the monitoring & measurement of outcomes and will make recommendations to adjust plans or scope to ensure business objectives are met. 
 Communication – You are highly skilled at both written and oral communication. You can effectively articulate issues / recommendations via your analyses and have a proven track record in creating materials meant to be shared at Executive Forums. You are skillful using Microsoft’s suite of products. 
 Who You Are 
 You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. 
 You act like an owner. You thrive when you're empowered to take the lead, go above and beyond, and deliver results. 
 You can demonstrate experience in external or internal strategy consulting experience. 
 You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. 
 You're digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. 
 You have a degree/diploma in . Masters of Business Administration and Bachelors of Indigenous studies 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive:  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop:  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper:  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 Please apply by:  December 2, 2020 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto 55 Yonge Street, 10th 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
