Jerilyn Willin: Speaker, Writer, Coach 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Coming Events! 
 Dipping Deeper 
 Looking For A Speaker? 
 My Books 
 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 "O" is for Options (part 2) 
 Leave a reply 
 It can be unsettling to believe you have no options…that where you currently are in your career is all there is. In my last post, I told the story of a former client who took steps to check out her “no options” belief. Once she realized she had some, she discovered renewed energy and a surprising desire to stay exactly where she was. Knowing you have options can be freeing. It can also be exciting (and mostly risk free) to explore your options once you discover them. 
 Here are some thoughts to help you discover and expand your options: 
 Check out your fears . Think of my client. Her fear was that should something happen to her current position, she would not be able to get another similar or better position. She put her money where her fear was. She hired a coach (me), got her resume in order and sent it out to a number of open positions that interested her. She had bites immediately and a couple of interviews. She learned a number of things about herself in this j ourney and what skills and experience the current job market was looking for. She ended her investigation with an updated resume and a new sense of confidence in her skills. Her decision to stay in her current position actually came as a surprise to her. However, should something happen with her job, she now knows she’ll be OK. There was no downside to what she did but the loss of a few vacation days she used for interviews. 
 What are your fears? If you’re concerned you are not competitive in today’s job market, act as if you’re looking for a new position and compare your resume/accomplishments to job postings in your field on LinkedIn, Career Builder, and on the websites of companies where you’d like to work. If you see there are common skills listed you do not have, determine how to acquire those skills through workshops, community college, volunteering, etc. You may discover an opening or two you’d like to go for. Send out your resume. It’s low risk. See how you fare. 
 What would you do if you could do anything?  Many people feel a career is a path with no  offshoots. Not so. Having a steady income is the perfect time to begin exploring (remember that word from my last post?) what’s next or what’s in-addition-to. As with everything, having awareness is the first step. What is, as my students often say, your “dream job”? What does that job require? Is it possible to achieve those requirements? Reality is important here; becoming an NBA player is out of bounds for most of us. But…you may have more options than you think. 
 Changing your “yes, but” to “yes and.”  Often when we look to expand outside our known experience/habits, we stop ourselves with the phrase “yes, but.” For example, you might say, “Yes, I’d love to go to grad school, but I work long hours/travel frequently/don’t have the  money/etc.” You block that option and all it could lead to. Instead, try saying “Yes, I’d love to go to grad school  and  I work long hours/travel frequently/don’t have the money/etc.” By replacing “but” with “and” your sentence begs for a  solution  rather than stopping at an excuse. 
 Prep for your options where you currently are.  Let’s say an option you’d like to check out is starting your own business. What can you learn about this while keeping your current position? How might your current position allow you to learn more about budgeting, marketing, sales, business planning? This is where open ears and eyes come in. There may be projects you can volunteer for that will help you make contacts or learn skills you need to support one of your options. Your current job can be a great source of experience and learning once you begin to look at it with “new” eyes. 
 Options can exist places other than your workplace . Your workplace is not the only venue  where you have options. Fulfilling, exciting experiences can be had elsewhere which can help you bring new vigor and skills to your career. Involvements outside of work can help open up options for all sorts of experiences and learning. 
 A single thread runs through all these suggestions…  you need to be engaged  in order to see your options. Too many people use the excuse of being “crazy busy” to come to a career standstill and schlepp to work each day. According to an April 2015 Gallup Daily Tracking poll, 31.7% of American workers are engaged in their jobs. This is a sad commentary on how many (68.3%) are  not  looking for their options. 
 http://www.gallup.com/poll/183041/employee-engagement-holds-steady.aspx?utm_source=Employee%20Engagement&utm_medium=newsfeed&utm_campaign=tiles 
 My former client had the courage to explore what her options were. One learning she took away was having options doesn’t mean you have to act on them. When she saw she had them, she felt better about her current position. 
 Open eyes, open ears, and, perhaps most importantly, an open mind will help you begin to find the courage to explore the options available in your career. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  career ,  coaching ,  engaged ,  explore ,  fear ,  interviews ,  options  on  February 20, 2016  by  Jerilyn Willin: Speaker, Writer, Coach . 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 265 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 The Classy Abroad. 
 JWILLINCONSULTING 
 Life after losing a mother 
 ideas.ted.com 
 EASY WEEKLY MEALS - Blog 
 Writing Under Fire 
 Women's Fiction Writers 
 http://colleenwalshfong.com/ 
 Communication Essentials 
 Human Nature Concepts 
 
 Earlier Posts 
 Earlier Posts Select Month November 2018  June 2016  April 2016  February 2016  November 2015  October 2015  July 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  November 2014  October 2014  August 2014  June 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  October 2013  September 2013  July 2013  May 2013 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Nov 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 The Classy Abroad. 
 If it is not bad, it could work. 
 JWILLINCONSULTING 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Life after losing a mother 
 Thriving in the midst of loss 
 ideas.ted.com 
 Explore ideas worth spreading 
 EASY WEEKLY MEALS - Blog 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Writing Under Fire 
 Sit - Write - Edit - Edit - Edit - Publish 
 Women's Fiction Writers 
 http://colleenwalshfong.com/ 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Communication Essentials 
 Creating life success through connection, communication, and values 
 Human Nature Concepts 
 Exploring how human behavior mimics the laws of science and nature - and what we can learn 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
