Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work - Nail salon workers, Sally Mann, sacrifices of the successful and Dan Abromowitz shares his potential job list 
 May 17, 2015May 17, 2015 Eileen Kohan 
 The dominant story of work this week was told in a two part series for The New York Times,  'Unvarnished ', by reporter,  Sarah Maslin Nir ,  " examining the working conditions and potential health risks endured by nail salon workers". 
 " Once an indulgence reserved for special occasions, manicures have become a grooming staple for women across the economic spectrum. There are now more than 17,000 nail salons in the United States, according to census data. The number of salons in New York City alone has more than tripled over a decade and a half to nearly 2,000 in 2012. 
 But largely overlooked is the rampant exploitation of those who toil in the industry. The New York Times interviewed more than 150 nail salon workers and owners, in four languages, and found that a vast majority of workers are paid below minimum wage; sometimes they are not even paid. Workers endure all manner of humiliation, including having their tips docked as punishment for minor transgressions, constant video monitoring by owners, even physical abuse. Employers are rarely punished for labor and other violations. " 
 The series received an immediate response from the  New York governor . 
 " Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo ordered emergency measures on Sunday to combat the wage theft and health hazards faced by the thousands of people who work in New York State’s nail salon industry. 
 Effective immediately, he said in a statement, a new, multiagency task force will conduct salon-by-salon investigations, institute new rules that salons must follow to protect manicurists from the potentially dangerous chemicals found in nail products, and begin a six-language education campaign to inform them of their rights. " 
 In a follow-up report for The New Yorker,  James Surowiecki  examined  'The Economics of New York's Low Nail-Salon Prices' . 
 " …one of the most surprising, and economically telling, facts in the piece is also among the most mundane: namely, that the price of a manicure hasn’t budged much, if at all, in the past two decades." 
 " What the nail-salon owners have done…is to pay their workers much less than a market wage. Maslin Nir’s nuanced account of who nail-salon workers are and how they live helps explain just how the nail salons are doing this: they hire workers who have fewer choices for employment because of language barriers, immigration status, and so on. These workers also have less bargaining power, and many are presumably leery of using the legal system to gain redress, which gives nail-salon owners the freedom to violate minimum-pay and overtime laws with little fear of being punished. The result is that these salons can stay profitable and still keep offering their customers the same low prices for decades. From this perspective, the cheap manicures New Yorkers have been getting have come, quite literally, at the expense of nail-salon workers." 
 These articles, letters to the editor, media follow-up combined with good old fashioned customer guilt, will hopefully continue a conversation to improve the working conditions of these folks whose day is spent making others feel beautiful. 
 In other news this week@work: 
 Charlie Rose  interviewed photographer  Sally Mann . In an exchange taped for the CBS Morning News they shared their mutual concept of work:  " In the end it's love and work. Work to find your place so you can stand and leave your mark." 
 Lifehack , a productivity and lifestyle blog  reported  on the '8 Things Successful People Sacrifice for Their Success': _" time, stability, personal life, sleep, health, quiet times, sanity and immediate desires." _ 
 Writer and comedian  Dan Abromowitz  shared a list of  'Jobs I'd Be Well Suited For'  in The New Yorker, _" As part of my current job hunt, I conducted a thorough inventory of my unique skills. From that, I’ve generated a list of professions at which I believe I’d excel. Please contact me if you are recruiting for any of these positions." _ 
 A sampling:  " History Channel alien expert, Lobbyist, if that meant what it sounds like it means, Night watchman at Sleepy’s & Night watchman at the Museum of Natural History, provided that “Night at the Museum” is true, but lower-key than that." 
 We are now in the 'high season' of university commencements.  NPR  has collected  'The Best Commencement Speeches Ever'  from their archive.  " We’ve hand-picked over 300 addresses going back to 1774. Search by name, school, date or theme, and see our blog  n.pr/ed  for more." 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  economy ,  week@work  Tags:  Charlie Rose ,  commencement speeches ,  Dan Abromowitz ,  economy ,  James Surowiecki ,  Jobs I'd Be Well Suited For ,  Lifehack ,  nail salons ,  NPR ,  Sally Mann ,  Sarah Maslin Nir ,  success ,  The Economics of New York's Low Nail Salon Prices ,  Unvarnished ,  work 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Saturday Read - Roman Krznaric 'How to Find Fulfilling Work' 
 It's only a play? Lessons learned on the stage -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
