
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Tenjin (S14) 
 Mobile marketing analytics and infrastructure 
 Customer Success Manager 
 $60k - $70k • 
 Location 
 Chicago / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Tenjin 
 Tenjin manages mobile growth infrastructure for our clients by organizing, analyzing, and securing the rush of data generated by mobile devices and marketing channels. We're reshaping mobile marketing by breaking down data silos and building an integrated data platform to replace the detached services in use today. 
 The team at Tenjin is small but growing. We feel passionately about doing work that matters. Working here will provide you with opportunities for growth and leadership at the intersection of big data and mobile marketing. If you’re looking to work in an environment with smart, talented coworkers who value good people and good ideas, we’d like to talk to you. Self-directed team players will enjoy the balance of flexibility and collaboration that guides our culture. 
 Tenjin is remote-friendly with people in San Francisco, Atlanta, Berlin, and Tokyo. 
 About the role 
 At Tenjin, we care deeply about our customers’ experience and building a great relationship with them. As a Customer Success Manager, you would be someone who understands the value of being customer-oriented and can provide exceptional support to our customer base. You’re a problem-solver, a strong communicator, and can serve as a liaison between customers and the Tenjin Product teams. This role is mainly focused on our US customers but you’ll have opportunities to work with global clients within our cross-functional teams. You will be one of the subject matter experts on Tenjin's product offerings and must be willing to learn about the mobile app advertising industry. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Help on-board new customers to set up and use the Tenjin platform. 
 Provide technical support to our customers. Take end-to-end ownership of customer issues, including troubleshooting, identification of root cause, resolution and communication. 
 Respond to client-reported issues in a timely manner per service level agreements. 
 Help customers understand and manage their mobile growth infrastructure to increase their marketing efforts ROI. 
 Keep up to date with the market trends and technology to help Tenjin customers understand the changing industry in addition to the Tenjin’s product offerings. 
 Help expand Tenjin’s customer base by handling potential lead requests and conducting 1:1 product demos. 
 Communicate customer feature requests and product feedback to the Engineering & Product teams to continually improve Tenjin’s product offerings. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 Strong organizational, analytical, written, and verbal communication skills in English. Additional languages are a plus. 
 Familiarity with SQL. 
 Familiarity with digital advertising and customer acquisition metrics such as ROI, ROAS, and LTV. 
 Self-starter who can thrive in a fast-paced environment, adapt quickly to new technologies, is process-oriented, and has the ability to work independently. 
 Technical aptitude to learn the Mobile Marketing Ecosystem and the Tenjin product to deep dive into product issues. 
 Good people management skills to interact with customers, internal cross-functional teams, and third parties. 
 Genuine curiosity about people and their business, while possessing the ability to inspire passion in others. 
 Interest in implementing feedback and dedicated to the improvement of your skills and work. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Previous experience in technical customer support in the software industry; startup experience is a plus. 
 Worked previously in ad tech or the gaming industry and/or prior experience with web or mobile marketing. 
 
 Who We Are 
 Tenjin manages mobile growth infrastructure for our clients by organizing, analyzing, and securing the rush of data generated by mobile devices and marketing channels. We're reshaping mobile marketing by breaking down data silos and building an integrated data platform to replace the detached services in use today. The team at Tenjin is small but growing. We feel passionately about doing work that matters. Working here will provide you with opportunities for growth and leadership at the intersection of big data and mobile marketing. If you’re looking to work in an environment with smart, talented coworkers who value good people and good ideas, we’d like to talk to you. Self-directed team players will enjoy the balance of flexibility and collaboration that guides our culture. 
 Technology 
 Front-End: Ruby on Rails, React 
 Back-End: Ruby, Java, Node.js, Go 
 Infrastructure: AWS (Redshift, Kinesis, DynamoDB, SQS), GCP (BigQuery, Dataflow), Postgres, Redis, Kubernetes (GKE and EKS) 
 We have a few old Ruby monoliths that we've been decomposing into services (some micro). We're really into automation, CI/CD, Infrastructure as Code, etc. 
 Other jobs at Tenjin 
 Customer Success Manager 
 fulltime 
 Chicago / Remote 
 $60k - $70k 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
