Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Physiotherapist - Altum Health 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING #850736 
 Position:  Physiotherapist 
 Department:  Altum Health 
 Site:  All Sites 
 Reports to:  Site Manager 
 Status:  Permanent Full-time/Permanent Part-time 
 Healing. It’s why we do what we do. Body and mind. Emotional, mental and physical. A Physiotherapist’s role is to provide progressive diagnosis and hands-on treatment, guiding patients through the steps towards taking control and ownership of their own health and recovery. 
If you want to grow your skills and expand your depth of practice while giving back to the community, this is a role to consider. If you want to see the difference you make to the well-being and lives of clients on a daily basis, while changing the face of healthcare and rehabilitation, Altum Health is your next step! 
 The difference you will make: 
Physiotherapists at Altum Health rehabilitative clinics spend their days assessing and treating a full range of clients conducting activity-based progressive rehabilitation and work simulations and performing functional ability evaluations and return to work planning required. They put together broad spectrum treatment plans and take-home therapy exercises for patients for acute, post-surgical and long term needs. At Altum, Physiotherapists work side-by-side with a team of Kinesiologists, Psychotherapists, Pharmacists, Psychiatrists, Psychologists, Occupational Therapists and Surgeons. There are difficult cases that challenge us and there are sensitive cases that require a delicate touch. Every day, there are clinical learning opportunities and teaching moments. Everyone who works on our team truly wants to be there and believes in the work we do together. 
 As a Physiotherapist you will: 
 
 Empower and support clients through their recovery with the application of your hands-on knowledge, skills and abilities in the treatment of orthopaedic disorders, chronic pain and with the rehabilitation and return to work of injured workers 
 Treat clients and enable them to reach their fully functional and work reintegration potential in collaboration with all stakeholders (client, treatment team etc.) 
 Develop treatment plans using an approach that includes both physical and psychosocial interventions 
 Participate in continuous quality improvement activities 
 Prepare documentation and formal narrative reports for the referral source 
 Perform cross-functional duties and cross-site duties, as assigned or requested 
 
 What we look for in a Physiotherapist: 
 
 A Physiotherapist registered with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario 
 A minimum of two years related experience in the treatment of clients/patients with work-related injuries, MVA and/or experience in the third-party health care system, with strong FAE and Return to Work planning skills (desired but not essential) 
 WorkWell Isernhagen certification preferred but not essential 
 A therapist who can adhere to confidentiality requirements, can demonstrate initiative, and with excellent judgement and prioritizing skills 
 A passionate and dedicated team player who is committed to the challenge of working with clients suffering from acute and chronic workplace injuries and who is eager to be part of a multi-disciplinary team 
 A practitioner who understands the detail required for insurance reporting and who is not deterred by mandatory processes; experience in case management and communication with third-party/referral services desirable 
 
 ALTUM HEALTH – UNIVERSITY HEALTH NETWORK 
 At Altum Health we are experts in full-scope healthcare services including rehabilitation. We started off with very humble beginnings as a one-room assessment centre, partnered with WSIB. We have since grown into a 300+ person organization with a broad demographic of patients and a diverse client base. 
Altum Health is a private-for-public department of UHN; every dollar we make goes back to fund public healthcare initiatives. Our ongoing focus is to maintain a high degree of credibility in our field, to be leaders in healthcare and to change the rehabilitation model of care through the discovery of new approaches. With patient safety and quality care at the top of our priority list, we continue to build upon a culture of discovery and adventure. 
 Altum Health sites include:  Toronto, Cambridge, Barrie, Hamilton, Oakville, Ajax, Mississauga, Vaughan, Brampton and Scarborough. 
 We invite you to join us on our ongoing journey of firsts as we pioneer change and raise the bar in healthcare. 
 If you share our beliefs, are invested in bettering the lives of patients on a daily and long-term basis and you want to be a pioneer in rehabilitative care, join Altum Health as we continue to break new ground, build relationships and give back to our communities. Be the face of change and the hands that heal. 
 We thank all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Altum Health UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
