Breaking News:  SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde 
 18Jan 
 Breaking News:  Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19 
 18Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures 
 15Dec 
 Breaking News:  Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding 
 09Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus 
 02Dec 
 Breaking News:  SNP announce free school meals for all primary school pupils 
 01Dec 
 
 Stuart McMillan MSP 
 Official website of Stuart McMillan MSP 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 About Stuart 
 Surgeries 
 Press Releases 
 Newsletters 
 Press Coverage 
 Liability for NHS Charges (Treatment of Industrial Disease) (Scotland) Bill 
 Data Protection Privacy Notice 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 
 SNP Government supporting young people into jobs, education or training 
 07Sep 
 by  Stuart McMillan 
 YOUTH GUARANTEE TO HELP YOUNG PEOPLE IN INVERCLYDE SUCCEED 
 SNP MSP Stuart McMillan has welcomed a new £60 million Youth Guarantee announced in the Programme for Government, which guarantees everyone in Inverclyde aged 16-24, a job, a place in education or a place in training. 
 The new partnership between the Scottish Government and Scotland’s employers is backed by £60 million of government investment, which will be broken down as follows: 
 
 £30 million through local authorities to help local partnerships deliver employability support for young people 
 £10 million to create additional opportunities in colleges 
 £10 million additional funding for Developing the Young Workforce, the Scottish Government’s internationally recognised Youth Employment Strategy 
 £10 million to support pathways to apprenticeships 
 
 This autumn, the Scottish Government will also launch the National Transition Training Fund, which is backed by initial funding of £25 million and will help up to 10,000 people of all ages retrain for jobs in growth sectors. 
 
 Commenting, Stuart said: 
 “Governments have rightly taken unprecedented steps to protect workers and businesses through this pandemic, but it’s vital that young people are not left behind. 
 “This SNP government is absolutely determined that youth unemployment will not become the legacy of the Coronavirus pandemic. 
 “The new £60 million Youth Guarantee, announced in the First Minister’s Programme for Government, will guarantee every young person in Inverclyde aged 16-24 a job, a place in training, or a place in education. 
 "This is backed by additional funding for employers to recruit and retain apprentices, and the new Job Start Payment to help with the costs associated with starting a new job. 
 “I would urge all employers who are able, to work with the Scottish Government to create more opportunities that recognise the valuable contribution our young people have to make in growing our economy. 
 “These steps to support for those most adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic are most welcome, and the SNP will continue to work to ensure every young person in Inverclyde is given the opportunity to succeed.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ Blog ,  News ,  Press Releases  __ Business ,  Coronavirus ,  COVID-19 ,  Economy ,  Education ,  Employment ,  Funding ,  Gourock ,  Greenock ,  Greenock and Inverclyde MSP ,  Inverclyde ,  Inverclyde Council ,  Inverkip ,  Investment ,  Jobs ,  MSP ,  MSP Stuart McMillan ,  Port Glasgow ,  Programme for Government ,  Programme for Government 2020/21 ,  Schools ,  Scotland ,  Scottish Government ,  Scottish Parliament ,  SNP ,  social security ,  Stuart McMillan ,  Stuart McMillan MSP ,  Welfare ,  Wemyss Bay ,  Young People  __ Stuart McMillan  __ Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Stuart McMillan MSP Seeks SNP Nomination For Greenock and Inverclyde Constituency 
 Anti-poverty payment could benefit 2,500 children in Inverclyde 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search Submit 
 Social Media 
 
 View StuartMcMillanMSP's profile on Facebook 
 View StuMcMillanSNP's profile on Twitter 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde  January 18, 2021 
 Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19  December 18, 2020 
 McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures  December 15, 2020 
 Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding  December 9, 2020 
 McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus  December 2, 2020 
 
 Contact 
 26 Grey Place, Greenock PA15 1YF 
 01475-720-930 
 stuart.mcmillan.msp@parliament.scot 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
