
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER 
 Rockwell Automation 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER 
 Rockwell Automation 
 [](mailto:?subject=TEST%20AUTOMATION%20ENGINEER&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14190272/test-automation-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 9, 2020 
 Location: 
 Medellin, Colombia 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 Position Summary 
 Rockwell Automation is doing things never before possible. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to make the world more intelligent, more connected and more productive. 
 We help the world work better and people work smarter and are looking for bright minds to make that happen. The makers, the forward thinkers, the problem solvers. That's where you come in. 
 As a Software Test Engineer focused on Cloud for Rockwell Automation, you will have the opportunity to develop industry-leading commercial software and applications for the cloud, known for its innovation and usability. You will also be responsible for performing software testing tasks including, but not limited to, test development, planning, scheduling, and execution. Experience with Azure is preferred, but experience with other platforms such as AWS or Google are also valued. 
 A Software Test Engineer designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. You will play an active role in all the stages of the development lifecycle and support your team throughout the process. You will also help ensure that developed products meet requirements and are within total quality management standards. The Software Test Engineer also develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. 
 When you join our software engineering group, you become part of a team that believes in knowledge sharing and collaboration and that is committed to using reliable and well-thought-out engineering practices and technology to overcome any challenges. 
 We are looking for someone who will effectively leverage and learn from a diverse set of technical backgrounds and opinions by fostering a team-oriented environment and the use of open and direct communications, honesty and respect. The ideal candidate will also actively seek knowledge of new developments in the software engineering, computer engineering, and test automation fields and will identify and pursue career development and training opportunities. 
 This role reports to the Software Engineering Manager and is located in Colombia. 
 What you will do 
 
 Collect, contribute to and document requirements for a feature and its components, ensuring the information required for the development of software and corresponding test cases are contained in the specifications. 
 Develop and execute thorough unit test plans. Report, analyze, debug and correct anomalies. Take the lead in the integration of other components by solving problems within and across subsystems to produce a final product. 
 Participate in reviews of documents, designs, code, test cases and user documentation. 
 Estimate, plan, develop, and execute test suites, test cases and automated tests to ensure appropriate functional test coverage is attained. 
 Ensure documented test cases and specifications validate documented software requirements. 
 Perform product testing, reporting on problems encountered and documenting test results for follow-up. 
 Determine the origin and root cause of anomalies identified. 
 Think outside the box and research and explore new avenues to overcome obstacles by utilizing the latest technologies and standards. 
 Clearly communicate and convey design concepts, both verbally and in writing. 
 Able to learn and understand complex control system concepts. 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2714634 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Rockwell Automation 
 When you choose Rockwell Automation, you join countless talented employees who have helped us establish our leadership position in the automation industry over the past century. You join a diverse, inclusive and global community with a passion for innovation. A place where you can partner with great minds and inspiring people. And a corporation backed by the financial strength that drives growth – and career opportunities. As much as we focus on our customers, we know our employees are key to our success and future. Helping you develop a rewarding career is a top priority. Because when you succeed, we succeed. 
 Connections working at Rockwell Automation 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Systems Scientist 
 __  Santa Barbara, California 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Sr. Maintenance Technician, Thin Film Coating 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Researcher in Integrated Photonics 
 __  College Park, Maryland 
 
 
 University of Maryland 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
