 BoxLunch Careers  
 Search job openings 
 All HQ 
 Open Positions 
 Search job openings 
 Check us out | BoxLunch Careers 
 
 
 Our Stores 
 
 
 Fun. Fandom-driven. Philanthropic. We opened our first store in 2015 with the mission to give back in a meaningful way and create sustainable good. We donate a meal to a person in need via Feeding America® for every $10 spent in our stores and online. To date we’ve helped provide over 30 million meals and we’re still going. Spending the day surrounded by the coolest pop culture-themed gifts, AND doing something good to our community at the same time? Talk about winning.. 
 
 
 Where the Beni's at? 
 
 
 We know about giving, and we extend that to our employees. Our benefits include Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Did we mention the employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement? Yeah, we do that too. 
 
 
 HQ = HIGH QUALITY (AND HEADQUARTERS) 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
 
 
 Open House 
 
 
 Come see what's inside the box - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Box Lunch Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ 
 Stores 
 
