Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Contractually Limited Appointment - Smart Systems - B.Tech. 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Engineering, W Booth School of Engineering Practice & Technology 
 Contractually Limited Position:  Smart Systems and Artificial Intelligence 
 The Faculty of Engineering at McMaster University has a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students. It has earned a strong reputation as a centre for academic excellence and innovation. The Faculty has approximately 180 faculty members, along with close to 5,500 undergraduate (4,200 in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and 1,250 in the W Booth School of Engineering Practice and Technology), 425 Master’s students, and 340 PhD students. 
 The W Booth School of Engineering Practice and Technology (SEPT) is home to the McMaster-Mohawk Bachelor of Technology Partnership and hosts a number of professional masters level programs in Engineering Practice oriented to the development of leadership and entrepreneurial competencies. 
 SEPT is seeking an outstanding individual for a contractually limited teaching appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor in the Bachelor of Technology Program. The successful candidate will specialize in the area of Smart Systems and/or Artificial Intelligence. Specifically, the candidate must have a Doctorate in Engineering and must possess excellent communication skills and demonstrated ability in classroom and lab instruction at the university level. 
 In the area of Smart Systems, the candidate must have experience in teaching topics / courses in the following sub-areas: adaptive, autonomous, and context-aware systems, smart CPS and IoT, smart homes and cities, HPC, cloud, edge computing. Specialization in one or more of the following topics is desirable: Power systems and smart grids, Control and dynamical systems, Robotics and sensing, System design and process, Intelligent transportation systems, Smart cities and buildings, Machine learning, Smart construction, Aerospace control, Intelligent infrastructure inspection and monitoring. 
 In the area of Artificial Intelligence, the candidate must have experience in teaching topics / courses in deep learning or machine learning. Substantial research experience in developing and implementing AI systems is essential. The candidate is expected to be an expert in and a practitioner of software development and implementation required to apply AI in practice. Postdoctoral or industrial experience will be considered favourably. 
 While the primary role for this position is teaching (24 credit hours per year), the School expects faculty to engage in committee assignments and to participate in student and school events, as well as other service tasks, as assigned. In addition, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to engage in pedagogical research. Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures is valued. 
 The appointment will be contractually limited for a period of up to three (3) years in length. The starting date is negotiable and is anticipated to be in the interval July 1, 2018 – January 1, 2019. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. 
 In addition to competitive salaries, McMaster University provides one of the best benefit packages amongst Canadian universities, which includes supplementary medical and dental coverage, a defined benefits pension plan, long term disability insurance and family-friendly supports such as a child care allowance, and funded pregnancy/parental leaves. University policies include provisions for such leaves in the tenure process and in annual merit evaluations. The Faculty of Engineering has additional supports in place, such as funding from the Engineering Life Event Fund, to help maintain continuity in scholarship during pregnancy/parental, medical, or family-related leaves. 
 The Faculty of Engineering promotes a nurturing and inclusive environment where opportunities are made available for personal growth and professional development through the Faculty Development Academy. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority for this position. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. For more information about the School, please consult http://www.eng.mcmaster.ca/wbooth/index.html 
 To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 To apply for this position, please visit www.workingatmcmaster.ca. Click on Careers/Current Opportunities/External Applicants/Faculty Positions 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
