Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AE - Stock Associate - Canada 
 American Eagle Outfitters 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
The Stock Associate is responsible for maximizing selling potential by ensuring the efficient and effective flow of merchandise from the stockroom to the sales floor. The Stock Associate is accountable for delivering on all aspects of stockroom standard operating procedures (SOP) and achieving the brand standards for shipment processing, replenishment, markdowns and merchandising. The Stock Associate is expected to role model AEO values and AEO Customer First behaviours in all actions and interactions in order to create a positive Customer First experience. 
 POSITION TITLE:  Stock Associate 
 REPORTS TO:  Store Management Team or Stock Lead (where applicable) 
 STATUS:  Part Time 
 SUPERVISES:  N/A 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Consistently achieve brand productivity standards for shipment processing, replenishment, markdowns and merchandising through utilizing the company tools and resources. 
Maintain stockroom standard operating procedures (SOP) to support efficient and effective handling and placement of merchandise, visual props, marketing and fixtures in order to maximize sales and productivity. 
Execute efficient and effective shipment processing by following processing and placement guidelines; track and communicate units per hour productivity to store leadership. 
Support, understand and adhere to AEO visual standards in order to maximize merchandise presentations when flowing product from the stockroom to the sales floor. 
Partner with store leadership to ensure all aspects of replenishment are properly executed to include Fill the Floor, power closes, power opens and merchandise adjustments. 
Communicate merchandising opportunities to store leadership as identified through replenishing size specific quantities throughout the store; recommend and execute merchandising adjustments in compliance with AEO visual standards. 
Execute markdowns and re-ticketing in the stockroom and on the sales floor; update store leadership on compliance. 
Partner with store leadership to complete stock transfers and process damages. 
Consistently provide support to fellow employees through sharing of knowledge, helping to complete tasks and/or assisting in customer interactions. 
Engage in, maintain and support safety standards on sales floor and in the stockroom; communicate safety concerns to store leadership. 
Aware of and follow Loss Prevention policies; advise management of any unusual internal or external activity 
Understand and adhere to all company policy and procedures. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Previous stock experience preferred. 
Strong verbal and written communication skills specifically with customers, sales leadership team and associates. 
Demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team. 
Ability to receive feedback and take action when appropriate. 
Ability to stand and move about for long periods of time; reach, bend, stoop, etc. to handle products. 
Ability to work a flexible schedule (subject to applicable law) to meet the needs of the business, including holidays, nights and weekends. 
Ability to handle multiple tasks and work in a fast‐paced and deadline‐oriented environment. 
Ability to lift cartons weighing up to 25lbs. 
Proficient with technology 
 AEO is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to complying with all federal and provincial equal employment opportunity and human rights laws. AEO prohibits discrimination against associates and applicants for employment because of the individual’s race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, family status, disability, a conviction for which a pardon has been granted or any other ground protected by applicable human rights legislation. This applies to all AEO activities, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, assignment, training, promotion, performance evaluation, discipline and discharge. AEO also provides reasonable accommodation of religion and disability in accordance with applicable law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
