
 CENTRAL ARKANSAS WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT AREA 
 A proud partner of the American Job Center network. 
 
 [Home 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com) 
 
 [Programs 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com/educational-training-opportunities) 
 
 [Business Solutions 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com/business-solutions) 
 
 [Virtual Career Center 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com/virtualcareercenter) 
 
 [Job Opportunities 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com/careers) 
 
 [News & More 
 
 ](https://www.workforcear.com/news-and-more) 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 Log In 
 WELCOME TO THE VIRTUAL CAREER CENTER 
 The Central Arkansas Workforce Development Area seeks to provide opportunity and access to targeted training and education that leads to a career with gainful employment for every Central Arkansas job seeker. We strive to remove barriers for hard-to-reach populations like veterans and eligible spouses, returning citizens, individuals that have aged out of foster care, individuals with disabilities, and homeless individuals. 
 Veterans, please identify yourself at every point of contact so you can be provided with a priority of service in honor of your service to our country. 
 DISCOVER YOUR OPTIONS! 
 EDUCATIONAL & TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES 
 Regardless of education, background, economic means, or age, we may provide educational and training opportunities to help individuals secure jobs that lead to promising careers. 
 View Opportunities 
 JOB OPENINGS 
 In an effort to enhance your career search we feature Jobs available in the Central Arkansas region. If you are a  job seeker searching for immediate employment, see our list of available job opportunities. 
 View Job Openings 
 JOB SEARCH AT A GLANCE 
 We understand that deciding on and navigating your career can sometimes be challenging. Explore different careers and tips for writing the perfect resume, landing your dream job, and more. 
 Learn More 
 Our goal is to increase the workforce pipeline to create an environment where businesses succeed and people secure employment at a higher wage, leading to the enhancement to their quality of life. Below are resources to help job seekers succeed on their journey to success. 
 Explore Career Video Library 
 UPCOMING EVENTS 
 Employers in Central Arkansas have many job opportunities that are provided through events.  Browse a variety of upcoming Hiring Events, Job Fairs, and workshops to assist you with your job search. 
 View Upcoming Events 
 ARKANSAS' DEMAND OCCUPATIONS 
 Different occupations need different types of training. Some require only on-the-job training, while others require an advanced degree. The jobs listed  are projected to be the top growing occupations. 
 Learn More 
 JOB HUNTING RESOURCES 
 If you follow these steps before applying for a job, you’ll be guaranteed to stand out against other job seekers. Although this strategy takes a little bit more time, you’ll be thankful you went above and beyond to apply for the job. 
 View Resources 
 POCKET RESUME 
 Download the Pocket Resume to help you prepare for your job search Employers often ask for this information at a job interview. Fill this in ahead of time and you’ll always have the information available. 
 View Pocket Resume 
 IN-DEMAND INDUSTRIES 
 We use data analysis to meet the labor force needs of business and industry and provide every advantage for participants to obtain a higher standard of living throughout the six county service area. 
 Learn More 
 PARTNERS 
 We are  equipped with the resource needed to provide workforce development activities throughout the region.  We can link you to a wide variety of resources and additional services through our partnership with local and state organizations who co-locate in the workforce centers and those that do not. 
 View Partners 
 AVAILABLE ONLINE COURSES 
 If you are looking for the next steps in your career, these online courses will help get you there. These courses are offered by  OpenClassrooms,  an online platform offering top quality, education-to-employment programs and other services for students worldwide. 
 DEFINING YOUR CAREER PLAN 
 Before looking for an internship, job, or embarking on another course of study, it is essential that you define your career plan. What motivates you? Where would you like to work? In what kind of structure? What type of activity would you like to do? What skills or assets do you already have? What do you still have to do before reaching your goal?  These are the kinds of questions we will help you to answer here. The answers you come up with will play an important part in defining your career plan. 
 View Course 
 DEVELOP YOUR PERSONAL JOB SEARCH STRATEGY 
 Do you want to learn how to create your own personal strategy for finding that specific role you want, but don’t know how to go about it? This Develop your personal job search strategy course is for beginners who have never written a CV, nor realized their potential when searching for a job, as well as for more experienced jobseekers who are looking to refresh their ideas on maximizing the effectiveness of a job search. 
 View Course 
 TAILORING YOUR JOB SEARCH TO FIND THE RIGHT JOB FOR YOU 
 Now that you have a clear idea of your career plans, you need to begin actively looking for work. So where do you begin? Firstly, look for job offers that correspond with your chosen career path. As you will see, plenty of tools are available to help you find them. Let's have a look at these together and see how you can organize your job search to get the best results! 
 View Course 
 LEARN HOW TO NETWORK 
 In this course, you will build a personal networking strategy that works for you. We’ll look at concrete ways to grow your network both online and face-to-face. 
In Part 1, we'll plan preliminary steps to go through before starting your networking efforts, such as analyzing what you can offer others and where your current network holds potential. 
 View Course 
 LAND A JOB 
 It’s time to apply for that job you've got your eye on, present yourself to recruiters, and make them want to hire YOU!  In this course, you’ll learn to understand a job advert and collect the right information in preparation for your application. It’s out of the question to send the same cover letter to every recruiter! Learn how you can adapt your application to specific job offers and their particular contexts. 
 View Course 
 WORK EFFECTIVELY IN A TEAM 
 You might think that working on a team comes naturally, or that it can be learned on the job. Perhaps you believe that it is not as important as your role or individual tasks. However, this fundamental skill is rare and therefore highly prized by employers! 
 View Course 
 RESOLVE CONFLICTS AT WORK 
 Do you want to learn how to anticipate and deal with the conflicts at work? Are you tired of the tension and wondering how to make a change? Have you already resolved disputes but are unsure how to make the solutions last? 
 View Course 
 LEARN TO WORK AUTONOMOUSLY 
 In today’s workplace, you will be faced with autonomy and have to find ways to handle it. It’s not that simple to define the limits of your activity and know how to develop autonomy. You may want to ask yourself what autonomy means in this context and what you need to work on, develop and become aware of. 
 View Course 
 IMPROVING YOUR MICROSOFT OFFICE SKILLS 
 Digital technology has profoundly transformed the world in which we live, and particularly the world of business! Today, it is absolutely essential to know how to use Office tools to manipulate data (Excel), as well as present and share this data (PowerPoint, Word). The objective of this course is to test your knowledge in this area. Depending on your level and your needs, you are  provided with information on a range of courses to improve your skills. 
 View Course 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ©2020 by Central Arkansas Workforce Development Area. 
