Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supply Chain Systems Analyst 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Job Description Summary 
 As part of the larger Supply Chain Logistics organization, the Systems team is responsible for the standardization of processes; measurement and reporting as well as systems design and deployment to support day-to-day operations and changes within Loblaw’s Supply Chain. In partnership with the operational Supply Chain teams, this team strives to maintain accurate information, consistent practices and efficiencies within Supply Chain Operations. 
 The Systems team will be accountable for the design, implementation and maintenance for all systems used across the supply chain operational network. This team will work in partnership with operations leadership and IT to establish and maintain a process to evaluate systems requirements to support operational execution. 
 WHAT YOU WILL DO: 
 
 Work with operational subject matter experts (SMEs) to document system design specifications and communicate requirements to IT partners 
 Perform data validation, functional design and testing in support of deliverables 
 Analyze issues and data to identify opportunities for system optimization 
 Present the results of analyses of business issues/needs and functionality of project results to operational leadership in a clear and concise format 
 Work with operations stakeholders on system implementation and sustainment of the new application and reinforce new business processes 
 Provide continuous support and training throughout the go live process, and be central point of contact for colleagues on related issues 
 Create incident tickets for issue resolution; ensure the incidents are raised and addressed within agreed time frames; provide status updates to stakeholders 
 Work with IT and Data teams as required to resolve system issues 
 Facilitate status updates with user groups and management on issue status, system availabilities, system changes, and training needs 
 Process and track change requests and defects that are received. 
 Provide individual coaching to help users troubleshoot errors and to train users on more complex processes 
 Assist Learning & Development to design training materials 
 Deliver training or provide support to SMEs and/or end users 
 
 WHAT YOU WILL NEED: 
 
 1 – 3 years’ experience in Supply Chain or System Projects 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.) 
 Able to work with complex data systems and perform detailed analysis 
 Database experience with SAS, PLSQL, Teradata and Oracle applications/languages 
 Highly motivated to meet all deadlines and expectations 
 Flexible to adapt to changing dynamics and problem-solving approach 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Very detail-oriented with strong organizational, project and time management skills 
 Extensive problem solving experience, conducting and identifying root cause analysis, escalating issues as necessary 
 University or College degree in computer science, Industrial Engineering, business technology management, or supply chain management is ideal 
 Warehouse automation and robotics experience is an asset 
 Previous experience with any of the following systems is an asset: 
 Kronos, Manhattan (WM/LM), Red Prairie Time & Attendance, SAP, JDA (IPFR/TMS) 
 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
