Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Business is Jammin' 
 Business is Jammin' - Black Business Initiative 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Youth Program Manager 
Black Business Initiative - Halifax, NS 
 About Us 
 Business is Jammin’ (BIJ) is a province-wide charitable initiative of the Black Business Initiative (BBI) that focuses on motivating Black and minority youth and stresses the importance of education and personal development in all of its programs. BIJ’s goals are to deliver a comprehensive enterprise and entrepreneurship learning strategy and instill business skills that will offer long-term benefits to young people. BIJ shapes youth into vibrant members of the business community. We work with young people through a range of educational, social, mentorship, and financial support programs to build business acumen and leadership skills. 
 Job Summary 
 Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, the Manager, Business is Jammin’ will be responsible for implementing all Business is Jammin’ components targeting youth from ages 8 to 30. In addition to the coordination of the program, the Manager also maintains curricula and teaches as required. Business is Jammin’ is comprised of three main components: identification of young talent, training, and business development. 
 Responsibilities and Duties 
 
 
 Prepare and coordinate the training programs for youth; 
 
 
 Working with the Training Manager to conduct regular needs assessments to identify ongoing and programming requirements; 
 
 
 Research and source the materials, training programs, and educators; 
 
 
 Maintain curricula and prepare teaching materials and outlines for camps and programs; 
 
 
 Teach curricula as required; 
 
 
 Advocate program curricula to youth client base; 
 
 
 Establish new partnerships to deliver STEM-based programs; 
 
 
 Establish and manage a mentorship and networking platform 
 
 
 Designs and host a youth business summit every two years; 
 
 
 Serve on committees concerned with matters such as training budgets, curriculum revision, and course requirements; 
 
 
 Liaise with internal staff, special interest groups 
 
 
 Liaise with schools and community groups to mobilize and organize youth between the ages of 8 – 30; 
 
 
 Work with government, industry, and educational partners to identify alternate sources of funding; 
 
 
 Make community-based presentations and workshops 
 
 
 Represent BBI and Business is Jammin’ (BIJ) at networking events; 
 
 
 Maintain programming records/database; 
 
 
 Meet one-on-one with youth clients; 
 
 
 Identify and recruit community-based mentors to work with student support workers and community leaders; 
 
 
 Maintains social media and online presence 
 
 
 Prepare promotional and marketing materials; 
 
 
 Support organizational-wide initiatives 
 
 
 Perform other duties as required; 
 
 
 Qualifications and Skills 
 The following minimum qualifications are required to perform the essential elements of this role: 
 
 
 Certificate in Business, education or adult education. 
 
 
 Degree in Business, Education or Adult Education considered an asset. 
 
 
 A minimum of twelve months of experience in an educational environment; 
 
 
 Prior experience working with youth; 
 
 
 Demonstrated experience with proposal writing; 
 
 
 A valid Nova Scotian driver’s license with the ability to travel throughout the province as required; 
 
 
 Knowledge of government programs and services considered an asset; 
 
 
 Familiarity with the African Nova Scotian community and/or willingness to appreciate, understand, and regularly engage with the African Nova Scotian community. 
 
 
 To Apply:  Please include your cover letter and resume. If you require support through the application please contact us.  The deadline to apply is December 8th, 2020 at 5:00pm AST. 
 Please Note:  All qualified persons are invited to apply; however, preference will be given to people of African descent. 
 Compensation:  Salary will be based on previous experience. 
 Hours of work:  Monday to Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm. 
 Security Clearance Requirements:  Must be able to successfully complete a Criminal Record Check with Vulnerable Sector Check and Child Abuse Registry Check 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in Business is Jammin’; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
