Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Professor, Music Program, Department of Fine Arts 
 Concordia University of Edmonton 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Concordia University of Edmonton (CUE) is a community of learning grounded in scholarship and academic freedom, preparing students to be independent thinkers, ethical leaders and citizens for the common good. CUE is committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment for work, study, and living. We actively promote dignity for all, rejecting action and language that are harmful to mutual respect. 
 CUE is situated on the banks of the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton’s historic Highlands neighborhood. Supporting a student body of over 3,000, we are known for our small class sizes and excellence in teaching. These features, and our diverse student population, provide an excellent opportunity for engaging with students in a sustained and nurturing way unique within the Canadian university system. CUE is an institution that values research in the sciences, social sciences, humanities and management. 
 CUE’s Faculty of Arts, Department of Fine Arts invites applications for an Assistant Professor and Director of Choral Activities of the music program. The successful candidate will be responsible for the vision, season design, touring, teaching, and performance of CUE’s three choral ensembles: The Concordia Concert Choir (approximately 40 student voices), The Concordia Community Choir (approximately 100 voices), and  Bella Voce  Women’s Choir (approximately 20 voices). 
 This position is available to begin  August 1, 2021,  or shortly thereafter. 
 Qualifications  : 
 
 DMus or MMus in Choral Conducting with significant professional experience and proven records of excellence in both professional and community settings. 
 Experience conducting both University Level and Community Choral Ensembles. 
 Experience teaching Choral Conducting and other Vocal related courses. 
 Willingness to develop new courses and programs. 
 Excellence in both research and teaching, or strong potential to develop such excellence. 
 A willingness and ability to take on academic administrative duties. 
 Knowledge of academic programs, with a commitment and ability to advance the quality and content of programs, courses, initiatives and the student learning experience. 
 Demonstrated ability to work collegially as a team member with a variety of teams and stakeholder groups. 
 Ability to teach introductory courses in theory, history, or capstone courses is an asset. 
 Proficiency with Google Email and Apps, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and familiarity with educational technologies, with an aptitude to learn other software as required. 
 
 The normal undergraduate teaching assignment is 9 hours a week in the first year and 12 hours a week for subsequent years. CUE provides opportunities for reductions in teaching to pursue research. 
 Aside from teaching and performance, the successful candidate is expected to be actively involved in student recruitment and advising duties as well as regular committee work both within and outside the Fine Arts Department. 
 Interested individuals may contact Tim Heath, Dean of Arts, at dean.arts ( a t ) concordia.ab.ca or Caroline Howarth, Chair of Fine Arts, at caroline.howarth ( a t ) concordia.ab.ca for further information. 
 Please forward your complete application package to Human Resources, as specified below. 
 Closing Date:  Application review will commence  December 15, 2020,  and continue until the position is filled. 
 Please note that this position is subject to budgetary approval. 
 Salary  will be commensurate with qualifications and experience as per Concordia’s Faculty Association Collective Agreement: https://concordia.ab.ca/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Collective-Agreement-2016-2021-FINAL-signed-April-21-2017.pdf 
 Application packages  to include: 
 
 A cover letter (including a statement of citizenship/immigration status); 
 Current curriculum vitae, including a list of refereed publications; 
 A list of recent performances and collaborations specific to the field of choral conducting with links to 2 recent performances; 
 Official transcripts of all graduate-level courses; 
 A teaching portfolio including a statement on teaching philosophy; 
 A research statement; 
 Recent student evaluations of university teaching (if applicable); and 
 A statement describing past experience in activities that promote diversity and inclusion, broadly understood, and/or plans to make future contributions. 
 
 The successful candidate must be able to provide a satisfactory Criminal Records Check. 
 Please forward a complete application package to CUE Human Resources at  careers ( a t ) concordia.ab.ca . 
 Note that shortlisted candidates will be requested to provide three confidential professional and/or post-secondary letters of reference. The selected candidates may be invited for an interview on campus and asked to lead a rehearsal with one of the choirs during the visit, or if circumstances prevent this, an online option may be developed. 
 Concordia University of Edmonton encourages applications from members of racialized groups/visible minorities, First Nations, Métis, Inuit, and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, women, persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression, and others who may support a diversity of perspectives at CUE. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority.   We thank all applicants for their interest; only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Type: Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Education: 
 
 Doctoral Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
