Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant - Legal Services 
 Bombardier 
 __Dorval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Administrative Assistant - Legal Services-MON17314 
 Description 
 BOMBARDIER 
 At Bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. If you have a good idea, we’ll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. Your ideas are our fuel. 
 In your role, you will: 
 
 Provide administrative support to members of the Legal services leadership team. 
 Accomplish administrative tasks, which require a thorough comprehension of the business and legal activities and practices. 
 Draft letters, emails, procedures and other documents of a legal or administrative nature. 
 Manage the agenda/calendar and emails of the leaders you will support. 
 Coordinate meetings, appointments, travel reservations and organize business trips. 
 Ensure follow-up on activities and files of the leaders you will support. 
 Compile and update data for various reports. 
 Prepare and verify expense claims in accordance with company policies. 
 Organize and classify documents and files in accordance with applicable policies. 
 Create and maintain databases/lists. 
 Make decisions and recommendations within the authorized guidelines and procedures. 
 Act as back up to Executive Assistant to the Vice President, Contracts & Legal services when she is away from the office. 
 Use judgment and initiative to plan and organize the assigned tasks. 
 Support the invoicing and accounts payables process for the certain external providers 
 
 Qualifications 
 As our ideal candidate, 
 
 You hold a College Diploma in office management, an Attestation of Collegial Studies in office management with legal specialization, a diploma in legal secretarial studies, or an equivalent. 
 
 - 
You have more than 5 years of relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 - 
You have experience working with lawyers, including litigators. 
 - 
You are able to work in a minimal supervision environment, involving coordination and organization of work methods for the assigned duties. 
 - 
You are able to work under pressure and handle multiple priorities. 
 - 
You are a team player. 
 - 
You are bilingual, English and French, spoken and written (perfect command of terminology, syntax, grammar and punctuation.) 
 - 
You have experience with invoicing, accounts payables or accounting processes. 
 - 
You have an extended knowledge of computer applications (SAP, Concur, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Salesforce.com, etc.). 
 Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. 
 Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com 
 Your ideas move people. 
 Job:  Litigation 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal Dorval 
 Organization:  Aerospace 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  12.08.2020, 4:38:15 PM 
 Unposting Date:  Ongoing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
