
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Engineer 
 Wells Fargo 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Engineer 
 Wells Fargo 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14127738/software-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 20, 2020 
 Location: 
 Hyderabad, Telangana 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 About Wells Fargo 
 Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a leading global financial services company headquartered in San Francisco (United States). Wells Fargo has offices in over 30 countries and territories. Our business outside of the U.S. mostly focuses on providing banking services for large corporate, government and financial institution clients. We have worldwide expertise and services to help our customers improve earnings, manage risk, and develop opportunities in the global marketplace. Our global reach offers many opportunities for you to develop a career with Wells Fargo. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you will feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. We are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. 
 
 Market Job Description 
 About the Role 
 Duties will include working with stakeholders to gain an understanding of business requirements, and ensure that expectations are understood and met. Participate in application project development, maintenance, and upgrades. Use sound judgment to make effective recommendations to management and peers. Individual should work well independently and as a member of a high performance team related to development tasks. Team member should be able to troubleshoot application issues and coordinate resolution with users, vendors and internal service groups. This role is for individual contributor. The position is for an Software Engineer with Enterprise Functions Technology to support the Integrated Data Services (IDS) teams, who has good experience supporting the performance engineering functions for all the data platforms that this team supports, including the Enterprise Data Lake 
 Job Responsibilities 
 
 
 Establish tools and DevOps for performance test execution, measurement and quick setup of environments. 
 
 
 Use of public benchmarking data, test suites and harnesses for data analytics workloads (TPC-H, TPC-DS). 
 
 
 Creation of custom performance tests for highly specific data analytics workloads. 
 
 
 Performance best practices for design, monitoring and troubleshooting of services/capabilities that have been benchmarked. 
 
 
 Responsible for gathering the business requirements and work with project stake holders (Domain manager, Application Business Data owners & Technology Managers) and subject matter experts to elicit business requirement. 
 
 
 Provide remediation and resolution of technical issues arising in Enterprise Data Lake (EDL). 
 
 
 Essential Qualifications 
 
 
 Having around 8-10 years of IT experience, as a DevOps Engineer having around 4 years of experience in the field of Infrastructure Automation and Deployment Management. 
 
 
 Overall 8+ years of technology experience, 3+ years in performance engineering of Big Data platforms. 
 
 
 Experience working with various Hadoop platforms such as MapR, Cloudera will be a plus. 
 
 
 Strong knowledge of Big Data tools and technologies – Hadoop , Hive, MapReduce, Elastic Search, HBase, Spark, Drill, Kafka. 
 
 
 Experience working as a DevOps Engineer in the field of Infrastructure Automation and Deployment Management. 
 
 
 Experience on Ansible Tower on creating projects, inventories, templates, scheduling jobs and troubleshooting Unusable Job failures and Upgrade Ansible Tower to latest as per the new releases. 
 
 
 Experience in Performance tuning of Big Data applications developed in Map Reduce, Spark, and Hive etc. 
 
 
 Experience in tuning and optimizing ETL jobs, preferably Ab Initio and Talend. 
 
 
 Experience with big data performance and service monitoring tools such as Grafana, ITRS, Splunk. 
 
 
 Knowledge of Hadoop administration, installation and configuration is a plus. 
 
 
 Good Experience in AGILE methodology. 
 
 
 
 Market Skills and Certifications 
 We Value Diversity 
 At Wells Fargo, we believe in diversity and inclusion in the workplace; accordingly, we welcome applications for employment from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status protected by applicable law. We comply with all applicable laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 55250BR 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Wells Fargo 
 Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’s vision is to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through 7,400 locations, more than 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com) and mobile banking, and has offices in 32 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. With approximately 260,000 team members, Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 29 on Fortune’s 2019 rankings of America’s largest corporations. News, insights and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories. www.wellsfargo.com | Twitter: @WellsFargo 
 Connections working at Wells Fargo 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Systems Scientist 
 __  Santa Barbara, California 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __Today 
 
 
 CodeV Optical Engineer 
 __  San Francisco, California 
 
 
 Kura AR 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
