Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Procurement Specialist 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Kanata, Ottawa, ON, Canada ● Smiths Falls, ON, Canada Req #3098 
Friday, June 19, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Canopy Growth is looking for an experienced, highly motivated, self-starter who can recognize and address departmental and organizational needs. The ideal candidate will be able to form and maintain relationships with suppliers to ensure that the operations team runs as efficiently as possible. If you have sound judgement mixed with the ability to work as part of an ever growing team we want to hear from you! 
 Responsibilities 
 Negotiate best pricing, terms, and lead times 
Evaluate suppliers and manage vendor relationships 
Track orders, lead times, delivery dates, and costs 
Provide visibility of potential interruptions and present mitigating actions 
Follow the Canopy Growth Corporation procurement process 
Organize RFx’s and competitive bids 
Analyze the spending patterns and discover cost saving opportunities 
Support other Procurement Specialists in other verticals as required 
Participate in product development activities to find suppliers and get prices 
Manage and participate in the contract development and negotiations 
Carefully track and update order statuses 
Ability to Travel 
Establish and maintain good working relationships with suppliers and internal stakeholders 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
 Post Secondary Education in Procurement, Supply Chain Management, or a minimum of 2 years’ experience in related field 
Knowledge and understanding of sourcing and procurement requirements and practices. 
Excellent time management, prioritize, and work under tight timelines, in a very busy environment. 
Proven ability to manage multiple projects 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Strong team player 
Strong Communication Skills - both written and verbal 
Experience with ERP systems 
Knowledge of IncoTerms and Trade Agreements 
SPCM or similar certification is desired 
Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, Google Docs, Google Sheets etc. 
 Other Details 
 This is a full-time position based out of Smiths Falls, ON and/or Kanata, ON. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
