Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 eHealth Specialist 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
Unit 3 - 75 Lesmill Road, Toronto, Ontario, M3B 2T8 
 At MediSystem Pharmacy, you can use your skills to do meaningful work that has a real impact, in an environment that promotes learning, growth and opportunity. Whether it's your first job or you're ready for a new challenge, MediSystem Pharmacy can turn your potential into performance that is recognized and rewarded. We offer competitive pay, full benefits, and a work-life balance. 
 Why this role is important? 
 As an eHealth Specialist you will need to be flexible with hours of operation and daily duties. Flexibility when travelling to Facilities is a must and the varying hours from day to day will depend on the facilities needs on any specific deployment. As an Associate you will also need to cascade all corresponding information to the necessary departments and/or people in the allotted time lines that are specified. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Training and Shadow Days (35%) 
 Use information provided by eHealth management team during pre-implementation meetings to determine client requirements prior to eMAR data loading. 
Ensuring all information is cascaded to the staff at every Facility so they are more comfortable with using the product before and after the Go-Live date. 
Train on software, hardware and nursing process and procedures when implementing eMAR. 
Shadowing of nurses for 3 days after training sessions. 
Reiterate training materials during the shadow days to allow nurses to have hands on experience on software and hardware. 
Weekly post deployment follow-up for 1 month, then monthly thereafter. 
Maintain training manual / standardizations to ensure they contain the most up-to-date material 
 Medication Input and Review (30%) 
 Input data on a regular basis with high accuracy rate. 
Audits conducted prior to go-live date requires time sensitive communication between facility and pharmacy. 
Being able to cascade any and all information needed to complete all Medication profiles to ensure data accuracy and the well-being of all Residents. 
Timing is crucial with follow-ups on a constant basis is required 
 Lead of Facilities (25%) 
 Correspond with our clients in order to determine their needs and communicate with Operations before the Go-Live date. 
Cascade any and all corresponding information from Facility to the eHealth team and Pharmacy on a regular basis. 
Planning and being well organized to meet all time lines. 
Evaluate and assess success of implementation and provide recommendation of improvement to department supervisor / manager 
 On Call (10%) 
 Provide 24/7 support to all eMAR facilities 
Knowing background knowledge to better service the nurses when there is an issue. 
Being able to convey the content that is needed to answer any and all questions from the staff at all Facilities. 
Being approachable so that all staff at any given Facility is comfortable with asking questions and expressing their concerns. 
 What You 'll Need: 
Able to work well in a group setting 
Able to work well alone and be productive with your time 
Able to adapt in a fast paced environment as it is ever changing 
Able to problem solve and find solutions to issues for clients in a quick and effective way 
To be on the road for extended periods of time 
Able to communicate with associates and clients in an effective and professional manor 
Organized and uses their time effectively in and out of the office 
Able to speak well in large crowds 
Proficiency with Office software suite required 
Experience in a IT related environment 
Experience in Long Term Care and Pharmacy related field 
Usage of tracking systems in regards to hardware (deployed and recalled) 
Experience with correct and concise documentation of items 
Experience with electronic medication administration software required (PCC, MED e-care, Catalyst etc) 
 Employment Type: 
Temps plein 
 Type of Role: 
Poste régulier 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
