Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CRM Functional Analyst 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers and pharmacies. 
 CRM FUNCTIONAL ANALYST 
 Reporting to the Manager, IS Applications, the CRM Functional Analyst role is a critical position supporting key stakeholders in the design, implementation and optimization of business processes with a focus on Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The role is responsible for maintaining the overall integrity of the design, configuration, reporting and business processes. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Microsoft Dynamics CRM and related modules. 
 Focused on working with key stakeholders to support the Microsoft Dynamics CRM application including ongoing maintenance and roll-out of new modules and organizational entities; 
 Understands company business processes and business best practices to provide support and direction; 
 Communicates with stakeholders (written and verbal) clearly to ensure support issues and project tasks are dealt with quickly and efficiently; 
 Works with business users and application developers to identify bugs, recommend, prioritize and implement enhancements; 
 Works in conjunction with internal and external IT professionals to provide support for application maintenance, modification and enhancement as required through problem solving, testing, reports development and documentation; 
 Conducts analysis and review of system upgrades and patches to assess impacts to business process and technical design; 
 Develops and executes test plans, and assembles and documents test results when required; 
 Provides training on processes in relation to the Microsoft Dynamics CRM system; 
 Liaise and collaborate with various international offices and internal departments; 
 Assists in the design and deployment of internal control policies; 
 Documents and implements process changes and improvements; 
 Provides cross functional support to other members of the IS Applications team 
 Participates in ad-hoc projects as required by management; 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS: 
Post-secondary education in Information Systems, Business or related discipline. 
 Must have 3+ years’ experience with one or more CRM applications, Microsoft Dynamics CRM (Preferred) or other large-scale CRM (SalesForce.com, SugarCRM, ZenDesk) 
 Strong business expertise, a keen understanding of business needs, and ability to ensure technical solutions, strategies, practices, and deliver business and customer value 
 Leading or participating in business requirements sessions with key business users, gathering and documenting business processes and requirements for the system 
 Ability to combine CRM functional knowledge with strong technical expertise to drive process and system efficiencies/best practices, promote data integrity and ensure delivery of accurate reporting of data to the business. 
 Ability to translate business requirements into functional and technical design specifications. 
 Ability to conduct solution testing and facilitate user acceptance testing. 
 Install, setup and configuration of MS Dynamics CRM. 
 Building and configuring CRM forms, views, dashboards and workflows 
 Experience with data migrations and integrations from third party systems. 
 MS SQL Server and SSRS reporting services experience. 
 Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes 
 Effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast pace, high-pressure environment 
 Strong analytical, problem-solving, and interpersonal skills 
 Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment 
 Enterprise level experience, with a strong understanding of IT operational processes 
 Expert level knowledge and experience with the Microsoft Office Suite & Tools 
 Comfortable training individuals or groups in a “train-the-trainer” setting 
 Team-oriented, ability to build relationships effectively 
 Attention to detail and accuracy 
 Must be a self-starter and able to work independently 
 ADDITIONAL DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Professional Designations (PMI-PBA) 
 Knowledge of software requirements for the auditing of CRM systems and procedures 
 Knowledge of ITIL, COBIT, or other IT frameworks 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
