  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Camden, England 
 Rate:  Up to £27.47 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Business Support Manager 
 Job Title: Business Support Manager 
Locations: Camden, NW1 - homeworking and office based 
Contract Type: Temporary ongoing 
Work Pattern: Monday-Friday 37 hours per week 
Start Date: December 2020 
Job role - 
, Managing the performance and continuous development of the Business support team by: 
o Taking ownership 
o Ensuring outstanding administrative support across all areas of the Directorate. 
o Providing professional support to the directors and Heads of Service 
o Continuous improvement of back-office processes and systems to increase efficiency and quality. 
o Ensuring compliance with regulations and legislation through robust management of your teams and team leaders 
o Putting the customer at the centre and creating a positive customer experience 
, Leading your team by, managing, motivating, engaging and supporting the administrative teams and your team leaders to deliver a customer focused service. 
 Provide leadership to the team through effective coaching, mentoring, 121s and regular team meetings. 
, Ensuring that all team members understand their role and areas of responsibilities. 
 , Influence decisions to support continuous service improvement within the directorate to ensure quality of service by understanding the market and trends and "Right First Time" is embedded with the team 
, Workforce planning to ensure the administrative service supports delivery of an efficient and effective service. 
 , Championing Data administration and promoting accurate data reporting "Right First Time" through our compliance activities to fulfil our obligations to the Regulator and other stakeholders 
, Understanding and adherence to Financial and Procurement procedures 
, Responsible for ensuring team members are inducted and adequately trained to fulfil their duties and adhere to internal processes and procedures. 
 Ensure personal development plans are reviewed regularly. 
 , Support Senior Managers to monitor and manage third party contractor performance to achieve agreed service levels and KPIs. 
, Ensuring the timely production of routine management reports to support service delivery and meet the business requirements. 
 Candidate profile - 
, Minimum of three years line management experience and experience in leading multiple teams 
, Advanced IT skills and literacy 
, Excellent communication skills, both oral and written 
, Self-motivated, resilient, assertive and confident 
, Proven track record of problem solving, identifying and resolving issues promptly 
, Aptitude for complex data analysis and report compilation 
, Ability to scrutinise data and provide recommendations 
 If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
If you require any additional information regarding the position, please call Ryan at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 966 or send an E-Mail to ryan.curwen@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £27.47 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Camden, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-27 15:49:08 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
