 VSA International  
 The Kennedy Center Office of VSA and Accessibility 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Archives 
 VSA Website 
 
 IRT Theater's Westside Experiment Offers Career Development Opportunity to Deaf Students 
 Students participate in a movement activity at IRT Theater's Westside Experiment workshop. Photo credit: Rich Stillwell Photography 
 In July 2017, New York City’s  IRT Theater  wrapped up their sixth annual Westside Experiment summer intensive for high school age youth. This two-week career development program pairs experimental theater artists with adolescents working to find to find their identity and voice. 
 For the first time in 2017, IRT made the  Westside Experiment  fully accessible for students and theater professionals who are Deaf and have hearing loss. Nine students who are Deaf or have hearing loss joined nine hearing students in the program, and they worked side-by-side for the two weeks under the instruction of lead teachers Monique Holt and Luane Davis Haggerty. 
 American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters were present throughout the intensive, and ASL was incorporated into the workshops through lessons on ASL poetry and storytelling. Students also spent time studying other theater-making techniques, including movement, improvisation, nonverbal communication, mime, mask work, writing, stage combat, and collaboration. There were also opportunities for students to talk with arts administrators, including Julia C. Levy, Executive Director of New York’s Roundabout Theatre Company. 
 IRT producing artistic director Kori Rushton says that, in addition to the inclusive group of participating students, the teaching staff also included several theater professionals who are Deaf or have hearing loss. Rushton points to the diversity of the student participants, who came from a variety of socioeconomic backgrounds and with varying levels of experience in the arts and in Deaf culture, as one of the program’s strengths. “We had a goal of crossing linguistic and cultural boundaries,” she explains, adding, “it was thrilling to watch this cohort embrace the challenge and exceed expectations.” 
 The students called the program a valuable, enjoyable learning experience, with several noting how sad they were to see the two weeks end. One Deaf student commented that he learned many new things at the Westside Experiment, which “…changed my perspective of what I want to become in the future.” Rushton says IRT hopes to continue to nurture the young theater artists, Deaf and hearing, and make sure they know that they have an artistic home at IRT. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 by  vsainternational  on  August 2, 2017 
Categories:  Articles ,  Career Development ,  Theater 
 Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Musical Theater Project Demonstrates the Value of Building Evaluation into Programs from Day One 
 Five Tips for Using Universal Design for Learning to Promote Arts Integrated Literacy Instruction -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Connect with Us 
 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 
 Categories 
 
 Articles 
 Artist of the Month 
 Arts Administration 
 Arts and Technology 
 Career Development 
 Contracts 
 Dance 
 Emerging Artists 
 Events 
 Film 
 IDPD 
 International Young Soloists 
 Lesson Plans 
 Literary Arts 
 Music 
 Playwright Discovery 
 Professional Development 
 Programs 
 Request for Proposals 
 Research and Evaluation 
 Resources 
 Special Education 
 Storytelling 
 Theater 
 Tips 
 UDL 
 Uncategorized 
 Visual Arts 
 VSA Intersections 
 
 Search for: 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts 
Office of VSA and Accessibility 
2700 F Street NW, Washington, DC 20566 
(202) 416-8898 // vsainfo@kennedy-center.org 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
