  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Huddersfield 
 Rate:  Â£42,328 per year + welcome bonus + benefits 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Deputy Manager 
 Location  : Huddersfield 
 Salary:  £42,328p/a + welcome bonus and benefits 
 Description:  We are proud to be working with one of the UK's largest independent health care providers who care for more than 10,000 people across the UK, they provide long-term and respite residential and nursing care for older people and are an award winning, sector leader in specialist dementia care. 
 Based on a 44 hour working week, 22 hours of which are supernumerary. 
 Deputy Managers role requirements are as follows... 
 • You will possess strong leadership and management qualities 
 • A visible leader in the home supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. 
 • Ability to oversee the induction of all new employees and participate in the training and development of the team. 
 • Play an active part in the recruitment, assessment and supervision of the team. 
 • Ability to Deputise in the overall management of the care home as required by the Home Manager 
 • Communicate professionally with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. 
 • Happy to undertake managerial and leadership responsibilities whilst continuing to deliver direct clinical care 
 • Confident supporting the Home Manager with the financial effectiveness of the home, ensuring the home operates within budget through effective use of resources and identify areas to improve efficiency. 
 • Previous experience working within a nursing home setting would be desirable 
 Person Specification:  All applicants must have an active NMC registration with extensive post registration experience, including experience held at a senior supervisory level and a good knowledge of the most up-to-date clinical practices. 
 Benefits:  Welcome Bonus of £1500, Recommend a Nurse Scheme of £1000, Dedicated Training and Support, Company Pension Scheme, Friendly Working Environment, Free Enhanced police Check and uniform, Excellent career development opportunities, Full time and part time opportunities, Discounts and benefits suited to your lifestyle 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  Â£42,328 per year + welcome bonus + benefits 
 
 
 Location:  Huddersfield 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Sterling Cross Trading LLP 
 
 
 Contact:  Jasmine Townsend 
 
 
 Tel:  01304 200 314 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  AA/HD/23/11/20 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-30 17:09:14 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Sterling Cross Trading LLP  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Sterling Cross Trading LLP 
 
 Clinical Team Lead (RMN/RNLD) 
 Mental Health Nurse ( RMN / RNLD ) 
 Registered Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Nurse ( RMN / RNLD ) 
 Pharmacist manager  
 Pharmacist manager  
 Pharmacist 
 Mental Health Nurses (RMN/RNLD) 
 Mental Health Nurses (RMN/RNLD) 
 Mental Health Nurse ( RMN / RGN / RNLD ) 
 Registered Nurse (RMN/RNLD) 
 Ward Manager  
 Mental Health Nurse ( RMN / RGN / RNLD ) 
 Mental Health Nurse ( RMN / RGN / RNLD ) 
 Covid-19 Vaccinator 
 Superintendent Pharmacist 
 Staff Nurse (RN Adult) 
 Care Assistant 
 Registered Nurse (RGN/RMN/RNLD) 
 Staff Nurse (RN Adult) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
