Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Winemaker for Urban Winery 
 City & Country Urban Winery Ltd 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 WINEMAKER NEEDED FOR NEW URBAN WINERY 
 We’d love for you to join us in the Fourth most liveable city in the world, Calgary! (Source: 'The Economist 2018 Global Liveability Index'). Here’s why: 
 
 First Urban Winery in Alberta 
 New purpose designed facility - which you get input on! 
 Don’t be tied to terrior. We’ll Import grapes from the Okanagan, Niagara, California, Australia, South Africa etc. 
 Thriving food & beverage scene - Calgary is home to over 50 craft breweries and distilleries 
 The beautiful rocky mountains & countless ski resorts from just an hour away 
 Over 330 sun filled days! 
 
 We are a leader in modern winemaking methods utilising minimal intervention techniques. All of our handmade wines are free from added colours, flavours or sugars, they are vegan & gluten free. Just wine. Nothing Else. 
 We are looking for a motivated Winemaker - Employment commences in February 2020. 
 Job description 
 City & Country Winery is looking for a highly motivated, well experienced and enthusiastic hands - on individual that is excited about working in our revolutionary urban winery in Calgary - a first for Alberta. This individual must be able to assist in all aspects of our start-up organization, including developing & leading winemaking membership classes and tastings with guests, whenever required. The Winemaker is responsible for the overall leadership, management, direction and coordination of all strategic planning and execution as it relates to all winemaking and winery operations. The winemaker will be working closely with the owner and team to ensure success of the start-up winery while producing excellent wines. The ideal winemaker would have considerable knowledge about winery operations, including starting a winery as well as various non-traditional fermentation processes, Working knowledge of winery set-up & operations is required. The Winemaker will ensure that wine quality is exceptional and constantly improving, Annual initial production will be approx 1250 cases. 
 Please include your resume and three references with contact information, all in PDF format. Employment commences ASAP. 
 Only candidates selected will be contacted. This position will be open until a suitable candidate has been hired. 
 ** _Duties & Responsibilities: _** 
 
 
 Duties 
 
 
 Responsible for winery development & equipment acquisitions 
 
 
 Responsible for ensuring City & Country Winery’s business plan goals for wine quantities and qualities are met. 
 
 
 Responsible for hiring, training and managing other winery staff, as required. 
 
 
 Responsible for developing annual and long term operational budgets, and ensuring they are adhered to. 
 
 
 Responsible for all winery record keeping & monthly winemaking reports 
 
 
 Responsible for wine quality. 
 
 
 Ensure production plans and quality parameters are met in terms of bottling, blending and other cellar operations. Ensures smooth daily operation 
 
 
 Maintain cellar equipment and train on safe procedures and practices 
 
 
 Maintain cleanliness of the cellars and equipment 
 
 
 Ensure proper cleaning and sterilization 
 
 
 Monitor winery essentials 
 
 
 Be able to perform basic lab analysis 
 
 
 Monitor wines and take action to address wine quality 
 
 
 Monitor fermentation of wine 
 
 
 Maintain the Health and Safety Program 
 
 
 Ensure tasting guests are delighted with their experience * Bottling Operations 
 
 
 Maintain and operate the lines 
 
 
 Ensure proper cleaning and sterilization 
 
 
 Ensure proper filtration to supply product to the lines 
 
 
 Maintain quality controls from wine quality to packaging 
 
 
 Manage staff on the lines to ensure efficient use of resources * Staff Supervision 
 
 
 Work with the owner and general manager to schedule and delegate responsibilities effectively 
 
 
 Liaison between all staff regarding concerns and issues 
 
 
 Train staff on Health and Safety 
 
 
 Assist with staff development and performance management procedures * Other 
 
 
 Participate in company promotional events and activities, both on and off site. 
 
 
 Support all other areas of the business 
 
 
 Work special events and manage teams 
 
 
 Participate in Winemaker Dinners. 
 
 
 Meet with and entertain wine media, wine writers, key industry personnel, VIP’s and other important winery guests. 
 
 
 Represent City & Country Winery at on- and off-site events and trade shows 
 
 
 Contribute to written marketing material through blog posts, wine technical sheets, wine club letters, tasting notes, etc. 
 
 
 Other duties as required &/or assigned 
 
 
 Media/PR: 
 
 Participate in company promotional events and activities, both on and off site. 
 Participate in Winemaker Dinners. 
 Meet with and entertain wine media, wine writers, key industry personnel, VIP’s and other important winery guests. 
 Represent City & Country Winery at on- and off-site events and trade shows 
 Contribute to written marketing material through blog posts, wine technical sheets, wine club letters, tasting notes, etc. 
 Other duties as required &/or assigned 
 
 PROFESSIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 5 or more years of winemaking, vineyard and people management experience with increasing responsibility for decision making. 
 College degree, preferably a BS in Enology/Fermentation Science &/or Viticulture. 
 Luxury, boutique production winemaking experience with demonstrated results. 
 Enthusiasm, a sense of humor, self-starter attitude, flexibility & a positive outlook. 
 Commitment to excellence, high standards and successful execution of ideas. 
 Exceptional attention to detail 
 Persistent organizational & time management skills 
 Able to work in a dynamic & customer focused team environment 
 Able to adhere to tight deadlines or similar demands with accuracy 
 Ability to identify and solve problems 
 Able to communicate well with supervisors and others 
 Strong adherence to safety and operational procedures 
 Full drivers license and clean driving record 
 Willing and able to work extended hours, any day of the week 
 Must be a Canadian Citizen -  or  - have residency status 
 5 years full winemaking experience 
 Forklift experience 
 Proficient in Microsoft Word & Excel 
 Remuneration commensurate with experience: starting at $45,000/yr 
 Must meet physical demands including; standing for long periods of time; navigating stairs; working in various weather conditions; lifting up to 30kg; working at heights; working in small spaces 
 
 Please include your resume and three references with contact information, all in PDF format. Only candidates selected will be contacted. This position will be open until a suitable candidate has been hired. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $45,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 full winemaking: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
