Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Consultant, Application Development-2 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 You will join the Corporate Centre Technology - Intelligent Process Automation team. As a Senior Application Developer, you will be working in a hybrid and agile environment with scrum master, PM, BA, and QA to advise, develop, and support IA Processes for different lines of business. You’ll broaden your technical skills, agile experiences and help build the bank’s futuristic IA processes. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 
 Programming Skills – Develop Blue Prism Processes as assignments. Review, analyze, and modify IA processes, including reconfiguring, testing, and debugging. 
 Systems Implementation - Conduct the technical design, development, and integration of cross functional, multi-platform application systems. 
 Lead & Influence - Lead configuration-review sessions and ensure overall code quality aligns with governance, business and project requirements. 
 
 Who You Are 
 
 You embrace and champion change . You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. 
 Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. 
 You’re digitally savvy . You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. 
 You're driven by collective success . You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. 
 You can demonstrate experience in: 2-4 years hands-on experience developing Blue Prism processes with good RPA best practices. Previous work experience in managing applications with multiple partner SMEs to ensure our application and its interaction with theirs, using regular, API or Web services of RPA automation is aligned for swift and stable automation delivery. Act as the technical SME to provide guidance to internal and external teams to ensure smooth project delivery. We are looking for application leads who are passionate about different technologies, enjoy challenges and seek for continuous improvement opportunities. It’s an asset if you have experience in Blue Prism or a Certification. 
 Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 
 Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connec t: Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class on boarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning 
 Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-483 Bay St;. 8th Floor 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
