Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work:'post-truth', Facebook's 'news feed', Gwen Ifill, a new leader @Lincoln Center, & Udacity's tech job tryouts 
 November 21, 2016 Eileen Kohan 
 This past week@work  Oxford Dictionaries  declared 'post-truth' the 2016 word of the year, and Facebook's  Mark Zuckerberg  realized his job description included a responsibility to combat fake news. In contrast, the week marked the death of an authentic journalist, PBS NewsHour co-anchor  Gwen Ifill . Lincoln Center chose a new leader from academia and MOOC provider,  Udacity  announced tech job tryouts. 
 On Wednesday, the BBC  reported   " Oxford Dictionaries has declared "post-truth" as its 2016 international word of the year, reflecting what it called a "highly-charged" political 12 months. 
 It is defined as an adjective relating to circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than emotional appeals. 
 Oxford Dictionaries says post-truth is thought to have been first used in 1992.   However, it says the frequency of its usage increased by 2,000% in 2016 compared with last year. " 
 The Economist explored 'post-truth' in  'The Art of the Lie' . 
 " The term picks out the heart of what is new: that truth is not falsified, or contested, but of secondary importance… 
 Post-truth politics has many parents. Some are noble. The questioning of institutions and received wisdom is a democratic virtue. A sceptical lack of deference towards leaders is the first step to reform. The collapse of communism was hastened because brave people were prepared to challenge the official propaganda. 
 Post-truth has also been abetted by the evolution of the media … The fragmentation of news sources has created an atomised world in which lies, rumour and gossip spread with alarming speed. Lies that are widely shared online within a network, whose members trust each other more than they trust any mainstream-media source, can quickly take on the appearance of truth. Presented with evidence that contradicts a belief that is dearly held, people have a tendency to ditch the facts first. Well-intentioned journalistic practices bear blame too. The pursuit of “fairness” in reporting often creates phoney balance at the expense of truth." 
 The New Yorker contributor,  Nathan Heller  examined one example of the phenomena in  'The Failure of Facebook Democracy' . 
 " The unexpected election of Donald Trump is said to owe debts to both niche extremism and rampant misinformation. Facebook, the most pervasive of the social networks, has received much scrutiny and blame. During the final weeks of the campaigns, it grew apparent that the site’s “news” algorithm—a mechanism that trawls posts from one’s online friends and rank-displays those deemed of interest—was not distinguishing between real news and false information: the sort of tall tales, groundless conspiracy theories, and oppositional propaganda that, in the Cenozoic era, circulated mainly via forwarded e-mails. 
 Facebook is not the only network to have trafficked phony news, but its numbers have been striking. A much-cited Pew survey, released in May, suggested that forty-four per cent of the general population used Facebook as a news source, a figure unrivalled by other social networks. An analysis this week by Craig Silverman, of BuzzFeed, found that the twenty top-performing fake news stories on the network outperformed the twenty top real-news stories during the final three months before the election—and that seventeen of those fakes favored the Trump campaign. 
 If a majority of Americans are getting their news from Facebook, then Facebook surely has a civic obligation to insure the information it disseminates is sound. " 
 Which brings us to the initial response from Facebook founder/CEO Mark Zuckerberg. 
 " Identifying the ‘truth’ is complicated." 
 On Friday, he posted  details  of the projects in place to address the issue. 
 " A lot of you have asked what we're doing about misinformation, so I wanted to give an update. 
 The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously. Our goal is to connect people with the stories they find most meaningful, and we know people want accurate information. We 've been working on this problem for a long time and we take this responsibility seriously. We've made significant progress, but there is more work to be done." 
 Buried in paragraph four was this nugget that seemed to transfer ownership from the corporation to the community, ignoring a leader's civic obligation. 
 " We do not want to be arbiters of truth ourselves, but instead rely on our community and trusted third parties." 
 Contrast this approach to the definition of the role of a journalist, courtesy of the  American Press Institute . 
 " The journalist places the public good above all else and uses certain methods – the foundation of which is a discipline of verification – to gather and assess what he or she finds." 
 So let's return to the days of 'truth' and remember the contribution of journalist Gwen Ifill through the eyes of two colleagues. 
 'What Gwen Ifill Knew About Race in America'  by  Jeffrey Goldberg   " An insufficient number of people have recognized what is obvious. Gwen’s death is a punishing blow to her family, and to her wide circle of friends, to her colleagues and to her viewers. But it is also a cruel blow to her profession, which hasn’t recently covered itself in glory. And it’s an especially cruel blow to her lovely nation, which is right now in need of her bravery, her farsightedness, and her willingness to tell the truth. Hers is an incalculable loss." 
 'The Life and Example of Gwen Ifill'  by  David Brooks   " Gwen worked in a tough business, and being an African-American woman in that business brought its own hardships and scars, but Gwen’s smile did not hold back. Her whole personality was the opposite of reticent, and timidity was a stranger to her. When the Ifill incandescence came at you, you were getting human connection full-bore. 
 I suppose every profession has a few people like this, people who love the whole profession, who pay compliments when its standards are met and who are tough when they are not. 
 Gwen’s death merits a bit of the reaction that greeted the death of the writer Samuel Johnson centuries ago: She has left a chasm, which nobody else can fill up and which nobody has a tendency to fill. 
 Now that Gwen is dead, who is the next best thing? There’s nobody. There are many great people who will follow her example. But nobody quite reminds you of Gwen. " 
 In other news this week@work: 
 'Debora L. Spar, Barnard President, to Lead Lincoln Center'  -  Michael Cooper  for The New York Times  " In appointing Ms. Spar, who is also an author and a former Harvard Business School professor, Lincoln Center’s board looked beyond arts administration circles and decided to tap someone with experience running a large nonprofit and with a track record of raising money for capital projects — skills that could prove useful as the renovation proceeds." 
 Mr. Cooper reported in a related story that you may want to share with the aspiring musicians in your life,  'It’s Official: Many Orchestras Are Now Charities' . 
 'Udacity, an Online Learning Start-Up, Offers Tech Job Trials'  -  Steve Lohr  for The New York Times  " The program, called Blitz, provides what is essentially a brief contract assignment, much like an internship. Employers tell Udacity the skills they need, and Udacity suggests a single candidate or a few. For the contract assignment, which usually lasts about three months, Udacity takes a fee worth 10 to 20 percent of the worker’s salary. If the person is then hired, Udacity does not collect any other fees, such as a finder’s fee. 
 The Blitz initiative and Udacity’s evolution point to the role that nontraditional education organizations might play in addressing the needs of workers and employers in the fast-changing labor market for technology skills. " 
 In closing this week of work, I am still trying to clear the fog in my brain and understand 'post truth'. I reside in the real word, but apparently it's changing. What does work look like when words hold no meaning? 
 I'll end with classicist  Mary Beard 's  reflection  on the U.S. election. 
 " Trump and Trump’s policies are truly ghastly, but you have to face the fact that a very large number of people actually voted for him. What is more, resentment at “the elite” has morphed into a proud contempt for truth, expertise and knowledge – not unlike Michael Gove’s jibe at “experts” before the Brexit vote. And in the broader context of political rhetoric, the idea that he won’t be as bad as he claimed is more, rather than less, worrying. I thought that the conciliatory speech was the worst thing I had heard all evening. The idea that he could be thanking Clinton for her service to the country (“I mean that very sincerely”) and be speaking of “binding the wounds of division” – when only the day before he’d promised to impeach her and poured salt into the very wounds he was now promising to heal – beggars belief. It has nothing to do with being “gracious” (as the television pundits had it), and everything to do with words not meaning anything. It was precisely what ancient rhetorical and political theorists feared almost more than anything else: that speech might not be true, and the corrosive effect of that on popular power." 
 Photo credits: Facebook Menlo Park HQ courtesy of Facebook Newsroom Media Gallery, Mark Zuckerberg from his Facebook page, Gwen Iffil/Morry Gash AP 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  communication ,  connecting the dots ,  culture ,  lifelong learning ,  The Friday Poem ,  values ,  week@work ,  work thoughts  Tags:  @JeffreyGoldberg ,  @nathanheller ,  BBC ,  David Brooks ,  Deborah Spar ,  Facebook ,  Gwen Ifill ,  Lincoln Center ,  Mark Zuckerberg ,  Mary Beard ,  Michael Cooper ,  Oxford Dictionaries word of the year ,  PBS Newshour ,  post-truth ,  The Art of the Lie ,  The Atlantic ,  The Economist ,  The New York Times ,  The New Yorker ,  TLS ,  Udacity 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Friday Poem 'The Familiar Has Taken Leave' 
 Thanksgiving 1944 -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
