
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Freelance job 
 Freelance Strategy Director. Landor & Fitch. Columbus, OH, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 What we need from you: 
 The Strategy Director provides day-to-day leadership of strategists, designers and client services during strategic phases of projects, leading our clients towards ambitious and attainable goals. 
 As well as working directly with clients this is a key role in the development of experience strategists across the region, and representing the community within the wider global business. 
 Professional Experience: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Marketing or social sciences preferred 
Major network agency experience would be an asset, however smaller agency experience is also a real plus 
Multidisciplinary strategy and planning experience 
Ability to adapt models and thinking to fit with the real world of consumers and the wider needs of the client’s business 
Ability to influence the strategic thinking of creative and client services 
Fluency in brand and marketing methods for developing platform, positioning, proposition, naming and architecture 
Key Responsibilities: 
Leading pitch teams, managing strategy phases, and growing projects into new stakeholders and budgets 
Going beyond the brief to understand the deeper needs of the client’s business using interviews and research 
Anticipating consumer behavior to turn data into actionable insights 
Creating a rigorous and compelling brand platform with clear business impact, to inspire creative exploration among diverse participants 
Supporting strategists on their career journey 
Communicating the value of strategy and its tools to other communities across the region 
 Key Success Factors: 
Exemplary results for everyone: the client, the work, the team and the consumer 
Developing the best project approach for a client 
Managing and growing a team to ensure that the best work is produced, and any problems are handled promptly 
Strongly self-motivated, a great multi-tasker and used to working in a frenetic, entrepreneurial environment 
Ability to relate up and down both internally and externally 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7968-landor-fitch-strategy-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Design Strategy, Retail, Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Azia Martin 
 Fine Print 
 We believe diversity brings creativity, which is at the heart of everything we do. We are actively engaging in creating an environment free of discrimination, where our people and their uniqueness can shine and be celebrated. We’re working to set a standard for the industry as a whole, creating a culture of equity and belonging. We may not be perfect, and we know there is work to do, but we regularly check with our teams and Employee Resource Groups on how we are doing, using their insight to frame our thinking and actions, so we can all do better, working as one LANDOR & FITCH. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
