
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Posts 
 
 5 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It   
 Professional Development 
 It can be hard to identify a plateau at first. In fact, they're almost defined by the continued movement at the same level without variation. Things at work may still be going smoothly so you don't notice the lack of advancement or new challenges. Perhaps you don't realize you're experiencing one now. If you're unsure, here are  five signs you hit a plateau in your career  and how you can fix it. 
 
 1. You don 't come to work with a passion 
 When you first started your job, you were likely excited to the do the work or at least to learn how. Now, every day is part of your routine with small variations. You don't hate the work, but there's no emotion behind any of it. 
 How to fix it  : Talk to your supervisor about new projects or working with other departments to help you regain some of your lost passion for the work. 
 **2. You 've stopped learning ** 
 Similar to passion, when you first start in a role it's a marathon of learning new things. As time goes on, you stop learning new things and instead are complacent with what you know. Beyond the lack of new knowledge, you recognize you no longer have the desire to do it. 
 How to fix it  : Invest in your field more. Read about changes in your industry and new technologies and think about ways you can apply it to your position. If you try this and still have no positive reaction, you may have outgrown your role. 
 3. Your personal life is or has been chaotic 
 In some cases, a career plateau welcomes stability while your personal life is upended. In the midst of dealing with it, you may have stopped paying attention to your work. As long you're still doing your job effectively, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. 
 How to fix it  : Examine your life now. Do you still need the comfort of your plateaued position or in the relative calm of your life do you recognize it's time for a change? 
 4. You have nowhere left to grow at your company 
 Plateaus can be forced upon an employee because there just isn't anywhere else to go. Take a look at your company structure. Have you become comfortable in this place because you know there isn't something more? 
 How to fix it  : Talk about your aspirations with your supervisor. Determine what else you can do and if it's ultimately time to move on with your career. 
 5. Your contribution is lacking 
 It's true you're doing the work as it needs done, but are you leaving anything meaningful? You have your gifts and skills, but you feel like they're going to waste where you are. 
 How to fix it:  Look for creative ways to get involved at work. Maybe it's in joining a new project or committee and find ways to use your skills and gifts differently. 
 Make the big fix with Workbox Staffing 
 If you've tried all of these solutions and still feel like you're going nowhere, it might be time for a new job. Empower yourself for a better tomorrow and  contact Workbox Staffing  today. 
 
 July 2, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/5-Signs-Youve-Hit-a-Plateau-in-Your-Career-and-How-to-Fix-It.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-07-02 11:00:022019-06-17 13:11:205 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It 
 
 Best Ways to Ease Back Into Work as a New Parent   
 Company Culture ,  Employee Wellness ,  Professional Development 
 Life is full of routine disruptions and transitions, but few are more difficult than going back to work as a new parent. Not only is your normal schedule flipped on its head, you'll find a shift in priorities and much less time and sleep than you're used to prior to baby. Because of this, beginning your work life can be stressful. Here are the best ways to  ease back into work as a new parent . 
 
 Begin With Boundaries 
 Boundaries are an important aspect of work-life balance at any time, but the need becomes especially strong with your new family. If your schedule is modified or you're working from home more, make sure your team has all the details of when you will and won't be available. 
 Even if you're used to checking and replying to emails in the evening, now might be the time to move away from that habit. Being able to give your family your full attention after work will help make the time matter, instead of being distracted by messages that can wait. 
 Find Good Childcare 
 One important way to ease your worrying throughout the day is to find childcare you can trust prior to returning to work. This isn't a decision to make idly. Whomever you choose is responsible for caring for your child several hours a day, and you want to know your baby is in good hands. 
 If you don't have the option of having a family member or someone you know watch the baby, ask around for suggestions and begin researching convenient childcare centers near home and work. By making your decision ahead of time, you can feel confident your child is in good hands. 
 Depend on Your Support System 
 While you are the one going through the process of leaving your child to go back to work, you don't have to wade through all the emotions yourself. Open and honest communication with your partner friends, and co-workers in similar situations can help you share the weight and see you aren't alone in your feelings. 
 Take Care of Yourself 
 The needs of your baby, family, and job are important, but you don't want to lose yourself in the balancing act. Make sure you find time to take care of yourself, whether it's a once-a-week class by yourself or a lunch away from your desk where you can find some peace. 
 Similarly, don't beat yourself up when it gets hard and don't assume you're a failure or doing anything wrong. There will be hard times and you won't automatically be perfect. Take the time to develop a rhythm and don't worry about the timeline – adapting at your own pace is the right goal. 
 From Search to Solution With Workbox Staffing 
 If you're looking for a new job with adjusted hours as a new parent, or if you're simply ready for something different, Workbox Staffing has access to the best light industrial, warehouse, clerical and general labor positions near you.  Check out our job board  today to find your next opportunity! 
 
 April 2, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Best-Ways-to-Ease-Back-Into-Work-as-a-New-Parent.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-04-02 11:00:342019-05-21 13:28:36Best Ways to Ease Back Into Work as a New Parent 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
