Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Web Developer (£40-£45K) REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 £40–45k 
 London office with remote-first working. 
 There are no specific qualifications listed for this role. We are more interested in your experience and attitude than where you learned your skills. 
 Who we are 
 We are a digital and branding studio that enjoys creating solutions which actually work, for the most important organisations in our society. Our clients are almost all charities, universities or social enterprises. 
 We’re a small but effective team that collaborates constantly. We can handle complex briefs, because all our people operate at a high level, whilst being expert in the best practices that produce great creative work. 
 **You can see more about us here - https://www.williamjoseph.co.uk/about  ** 
 Who we’re looking for 
 We’re steadily growing our team and eager to bring new voices and perspectives on board. As more and more of our work is being delivered through digital, we need development expertise to be a bigger part of the team. 
 Things you might find yourself doing 
 
 
 Creating an integration between a charity’s website, CRM and donation payment provider 
 
 
 Sending information captured through a charity’s digital referral journey to their CRM and email systems 
 
 
 Developing a data capture tool that provides users with bespoke information depending on the information submitted 
 
 
 Building Wordpress or Craft templates, from Figma or Adobe Creative Suite files 
 
 
 Deploying a site you’ve built from a staging environment to live 
 
 
 Advising on the accessibility of design choices through the development process 
 
 
 Turning content wireframes into front end code to take to user testing 
 
 
 Working on a backlog of change requests and bugs, for a site launched 3 months previously 
 
 
 We want to hear from you if you 
 
 
 Are an all-rounder with experience in working across front and back end projects 
 
 
 Are experienced in working with a number of different PHP based content management systems - ideally with experience in building sites through Wordpress and Craft 
 
 
 Have developed scripts connecting different digital systems through APIs or other mechanisms 
 
 
 Can create HTML/CSS/JS templates for others to integrate with 
 
 
 Are interested in build tools like Webpack or Gulp and CSS preprocessors like Sass 
 
 
 Are an effective communicator who thrives off working collaboratively 
 
 
 Have the ability to work to tight deadlines on your own or within the team 
 
 
 Possess great organisational skills 
 
 
 Have fine attention to detail 
 
 
 What our clients say about our work 
 “William Joseph have felt more like an extension of our team throughout the process; happy to challenge when needed but always pushing the project forward. We couldn’t be happier with the end result.” 
 What our team say about working here 
 "Working at William Joseph means being part of a talented team who all love what they do. Everyone’s creative and driven, which is inspiring to be around. We also do plenty of social things together, like visiting exhibitions and having team lunches, mostly during work hours. I genuinely enjoy coming to work every day” 
 What other benefits you’ll get 
 
 
 Training and active support to develop skills and progress within the team 
 
 
 Flexible working approach - choose working patterns that suit you 
 
 
 Fully remote (with occasional visits to London office) 
 
 
 Regular team activities to build relationships and take a break from work 
 
 
 How to Apply 
 We've developed a unique application process with Collaborative Future which will ask you to share the following with us: 
 
 
 Examples of two live websites or applications that you have developed and are proud of. Sharing why you are proud of them and providing a bullet-point list of some of the technology and approaches you applied in these builds 
 
 
 An example of a project you developed in collaboration with others (it can be the same as the above) and what you felt made that collaboration work well. 
 
 
 An example of a technical challenge you’ve encountered on a recent project and what your learned that experience which you think is relevant to this role 
 
 
 If you're interested in the role please  apply here  by 15 January 2021 at 12pm. If you have any issues accessing Typeform please get in touch. 
 If you would like to find out more then email  [email protected] . 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  UK 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   07803487268 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted January 8, 2021 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
