Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Epidemiologist, Information Management & Surveillance - BC Centre for Disease Control 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Epidemiologist, Information Management & Surveillance 
 BC Centre for Disease Control 
 Our Team is Growning! 
 As the Epidemiologist, your role will support various initiatives within Data and Analytic services, focusing on epidemiology of infectious diseases, vaccines, environmental exposures, chronic diseases and health behaviors. Strong quantitative skills with experience in health surveillance, large linked administrative datasets, machine learning, visualization and infectious disease modeling is desired. 
 What you’ll do 
 Develop and maintain surveillance initiatives, including performing functions such as getting an accurate reporting case definition, defining additional information required beyond that for routine reporting, and making sure the information gets to critical stakeholders. 
Ensure timely and effective communication of reports by continuous improvement of surveillance systems, holding a constant focus on turn-around times from various sources, and alerting all stakeholders and those who need the information to respond appropriately to threats. Prepare background material and media releases and respond as delegated to media inquiries and interview requests. 
Critically analyze communicable disease and environmental hazard data utilizing comprehensive multi-layered understanding of epidemiology, public health and direct and indirect health care and societal impacts by identifying and responding to deviations from expected reporting patterns and clusters of disease/hazards, preparing, or collaborating in the preparation of reports, identifying and providing supporting rationale for appropriate interventions 
Provide consultation services to regional health authorities, other provincial partners, national partners, special interest groups, health care professionals, and the public including responding to inquiries, identifying and making recommendations for addressing risk factors, developing education materials and making presentations. Liaise with public health, acute care, and other partners in these activities. 
Evaluate existing programs and research relevant to the prevention and control of communicable diseases and environmental hazards by conducting literature reviews, designing and implementing studies, collecting and analyzing data, and writing reports. Design appropriate studies for investigating outbreaks, unusual clusters, or environmental hazards; prepare questionnaires; and analyze outbreak data and recommend appropriate interventions. Contribute to applied public health research and ensure new understanding and knowledge is shared by publishing findings in recognized/peer-reviewed scientific journals or presentations at professional conferences. 
 What you bring 
 A level of education, training, and experience equivalent to a Masters in Epidemiology or Public Health (MSc or MPH or MHSc) 
A minimum of two (2) years’ experience in the field of public health. 
Clinical skills and experience in nursing or infection control and/or experience as a communicable disease epidemiologist or federal field epidemiologist considered an asset. 
Experience in designing, implementing, and conducting studies, their interpretation, written reporting and publication. 
 You will have the ability to: 
Secure grant funding in support of research initiatives. 
Demonstrate statistical analysis skills, including disease mapping and analysis and recognition of disease clustering. 
Have excellent computer skills with proficiency in maintaining large databases of statistical and analytical software. 
Have excellent communication and leadership skills. 
Work well in interdisciplinary teams. 
Use effective interpersonal skills, mature judgment and flexibility. 
Use a variety of statistical software tools. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 4 Regular Full-Time Opportunities 
655 West 12th Avenue, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
Monday to Friday; 830-1630 
 Requisition Number:  EPI-BCCDC 
 What we do 
 BC Centre for Disease Control (BCCDC) bccdc.ca is dedicated to preventing and controlling communicable disease and promoting environmental health for the province. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting is no longer be accessible. Please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
