Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty Position Division of Neurology 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Pediatrics at McMaster University and McMaster Children’s Hospital are seeking a full-time academic physician to join the division of pediatric neurology. The successful candidate will join seven other members of the division and will participate in research and education activities as well as the comprehensive clinical inpatient and outpatient services offered by the division. 
 McMaster University is internationally recognized for innovations in medical education and pioneering biomedical, epidemiological and health systems research. Located in Hamilton, on the edge of Lake Ontario and the picturesque Niagara escarpment, McMaster Children’s Hospital is a tertiary referral center serving a population of more than 2.3 million. The division of pediatric neurology currently consists of seven full-time faculty members with a wide range of clinical and academic interests. The division also has an active Royal College accredited postgraduate training program. 
 This position will incorporate an academic appointment and salary will be commensurate with the experience and expertise of the applicant. Applicants should be certified (or eligible for certification) by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in Pediatric Neurology and must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the Province of Ontario. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada - or - No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 For more information on the Department of Pediatrics, visit www.fhs.mcmaster.ca/pediatrics 
 How To Apply 
 Review of applications will begin on October 31, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. Interested candidates should submit a curriculum vitae and letter of interest via email to: 
 Angelo Mikrogianakis 
 c/o Elizabeth Fonseca, Office of the Chair Phone:  905-521-2100 ext. 73141 
 Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University Fax:  905-570-8967 
 2100 Main Street West, HSC 3A Email:  pedsprt@mcmaster.ca 
 Hamilton, ON L8N 3Z5 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
