Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Intelligence Data Engineer 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Business Intelligence Data Engineer, you will impact our business by fueling the best in class data analytic and reporting platform at Loblaw Digital that will empower our business users in making data driven decisions and strategies in their everyday work. 
 We’re growing our BI team to better serve the enterprise data strategy and want you to be a part of it. You’ll work with users across the organization to understand how data helps them and translate that into solutions that will bring data from various systems into our data warehouse. We’re looking to turn our enviable wealth of data into actionable insights and meaningful recommendations that drive growth and improved engagement across all of our lines of business, and a customer-focused mindset is a must-have. 
What you'll do 
Develop and scale quality and performant data pipelines using GCP (Big Query, Compute Engine, Kubernetes, Cloud Composer, Dataflow) and other open source technologies 
Work with stakeholders to develop solutions that support various data consumers 
Work with DevOps on setting up environment for new deployment 
Build and implement robust data models and semantic layer 
Be a subject matter expert on the entire BI framework stack 
Support reporting and analytics needs from all areas of the business. For example: Developers, Product Managers, Product Designers, Merchandizers, Marketers, and Operations Analysts 
Help us in our mission to be a hypotheses-driven product development organization which means data is at the center of everything we do 
Does this Sound like you? 
BA/BS in computer science, engineering or related technical field 
2 years experience as a BI Developer or Data Engineer 
Hands-on experience with relational databases (e.g. Oracle, MySQL, DB2, etc.) 
Python experience coding ETLs using various packages/connectors to databases and endpoints (or Java) 
Working experience with Git and CI/CD pipelines 
Experience with data pipeline automation using a code focused scheduling tool (e.g. Airflow) 
Exposure to Kubernetes, docker, and streaming tools (Kafka) 
Experience working with sourcing and feeding data from REST APIs is nice to have 
Understanding of data warehouse concept and BI architecture is a plus 
Strong oral and written communication skills 
Solid stakeholder management skills 
Proven team player that will work well in a dynamic and fast-paced environment 
Experience working in an agile environment 
Experience in retail or ecommerce is a plus 
Strong desire to learn and to push the boundaries of what can be done to better empower our business with data 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
