Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Junior Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Scaramanga is a full service digital, marketing and advertising agency. We are creative thinkers delivering marketing and design solutions that do more than just look pretty. We are based in Surrey and Kent and our skilled and experienced team is made up of marketers, designers, web developers, content and advertising wizards and social media gurus. 
 Established in 2000, we have the track record and know-how to transform performance for organisations, so that they can build brand awareness, launch new products and services, enter new markets and grow sales and profitability to reach their full potential. 
 As a successful Junior Frontend Developer, you will need to utilise your technical understanding of HTML, CSS3, JavaScript – working in collaboration on small/large scale websites to develop and grow our clients’ brands, on both existing and Greenfield projects. 
 As a Junior Web Developer, attention to detail and flexible approach to problem solving are key attributes as well as the ability to work in a team. 
 You will need to possess excellent knowledge about best practice for web performance, accessibility and usability; be curious about new technologies and have an eagerness to learn more. 
 Great communication skills are essential as you will be working in a team and liaising directly with clients. 
 On-the-job training will be provided by the senior team. 
 Oh, and being a generally decent person will go a long way. 
 Your duties will include, but certainly 
not be limited to: 
 
 Taking part in the discovery process of identifying client requirements. 
 Utilising your knowledge of progressive enhancement and responsive design techniques. 
 Identifying compatibility pitfalls with older browsers. 
 Contributing to the standards of front-end development within the company. 
 Advising on front-end/UX best practices and ideal approaches/techniques to use on projects. 
 Sharing your knowledge with other members of the team. 
 Transposing designers’ visuals into high quality code. 
 
 Skills & Experience 
 
 Solid understanding of HTML and CSS3 
 Working knowledge of jQuery and/or vanilla JS 
 Knowledge of best practices for web performance, accessibility and usability 
 
 Desirable 
 
 Experience using SASS 
 Experience using a version control system (Git) 
 Commercial experience working on websites 
 Experience working with industry standard software 
 Understanding of design process and design best practices 
 Understanding of hosting/domain environments 
 Experience building eCommerce websites 
 Knowledge of SEO best practices 
 Experience working in PHP 
 
 Location 
 This role is based at our Kent office in Kings Hill, West Malling. 
 The Creative team based at this office comprises of a Senior Web Developer, Digital/Graphic designer, 
 Graphic Design and Technical/Creative Director. 
 This will be your permanent base 
 and the role does not accommodate remote working. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: £18,000.00 /year 
 How to Apply 
 Please send applications along with samples of your work to  [email protected] 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  West Malling, Kent 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   02033713295 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted November 7, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
