Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RESEARCH COORDINATOR (II) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule 8:30am - 4:30pm; Monday- Friday 
Education Level Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study 
Career Level 5 years of relevant experience 
 Job Description 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 The Offord Centre for Child Studies is seeking a full-time research coordinator to assist with studies designed to build capacity for continuous quality improvement in school mental health, inclusive of monitoring progress at both the population and service levels in in Ontario schools. The research coordinator will (1) contribute to the design, implementation and analyses of school-based studies of child and youth mental health and school mental health resources and programming; (2) contribute to the development, implementation and evaluation of measurement based care practices in school mental health intervention settings; (3) engage in qualitative interviews and focus groups with key stakeholders and knowledge users in order to incorporate their perspectives in the development of measurement tools and implementation approaches; (4) contribute to the development of a data platform that will facilitate continuous quality improvement and progress monitoring in school and student mental health; (5) contribute to the preparation of manuscripts and presentations for peer-review; (6) co-ordinate meetings with stakeholder and knowledge users ; (7) prepare information and materials for knowledge dissemination to various audiences and knowledge users; and (8) contribute to the development of future proposals in this area of research. 
 Job Summary: 
The Research Coordinator (II) is responsible for applying specialized knowledge to initiate, implement, manage, and coordinate moderate to large research projects. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
 
 Develop an implementation plan for research projects. 
 Design promotional strategies and related materials to encourage participation and support for research projects. 
 Perform quantitative analyses of research data. 
 Interview study participants to gather qualitative and quantitative data. 
 Facilitate focus group sessions with project participants. 
 Coordinate and manage the collection, delivery, entry, verification, analysis, and reporting of data. 
 Oversee the design and maintenance of databases, data collection forms, error checking methods, and related programs for collection, analysis, and reporting. 
 Apply specialized knowledge and scientific principles to review, critically appraise and interpret published literature. 
 Write sections of scientific papers, funding proposals, grants, and abstracts. 
 Coordinate the activities of research staff and resources to ensure that projects progress in accordance with predetermined timelines. 
 Develop estimates of time and resources for research projects. 
 Use statistical software to analyze data and interpret results. 
 Write data management and operations documentation for projects. 
 Liaise between the project centre and remote project sites and personnel. 
 Ensure that relevant research methodology is applied and all research 
 
 material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies, and 
 procedures. 
 
 Develop presentations and present information and training sessions to 
 
 project personnel and project participants. 
 
 Present at meetings, seminars, and conferences. 
 Keep project participants informed of project progress through regular reports 
 
 and newsletters. 
 
 Implement and maintain research project budgets. Create financial 
 
 projections and make adjustments to research project budgets throughout the 
 fiscal year. 
 
 Exercise appropriate controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. 
 Conduct literature searches. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study. 
 Requires 5 years of relevant experience. 
 
 Assets: 
The applicant will have a Bacherlor’s degree or higher in clinical psychology, measurement, epidemiology, education, health research methodology or a related field. Substantive knowledge in the areas of clinical psychology, school mental health, child development, and education are required. The applicant must have experience with large-scale research studies, preferably in the fields of child and youth mental health and/or education, as well as with advanced research methodologies, measurement, survey design and data visualization strategies. Experience designing and implementing surveys of child and youth mental health will be considered a key asset, both in general population and clinical settings. Preparing and submitting ethics applications and using online survey software such as Qualtrics and RedCAP will be necessary. 
 At least two years of relevant research experience with the design, inclusive of sampling, measurement and implementaiton of surveys of children, young people and their families and manuscript preparation within a research team will also be considered an asset. Strong written and oral communication skills are necessary. The ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, effectively manage multiple studies and timelines, have excellent problem solving skills, as well as interpersonal, communication and organizational skills are all considered assets. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
