Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Technology Sales Representative 
 Staples Canada 
 __St. Thomas, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Summary: 
Primarily a sales position, the Technology Sales Area Representative maximizes sales by leveraging strong selling skills while assisting customers in Capital Goods (Divisions 1, 2, 3). 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
Maximizes sales opportunities with every customer by using current selling techniques and company programs. 
Provides coverage and assistance in all areas of the store where business needs require and as associate training supports. 
Communicating regularly with their Manager to maximize sales. 
Maintains company merchandising standards, including current pricing, signage, plan-o-grams, promotional planners, ad set-ups and displays. 
Capable to follow RUSCOMP procedures effectively as required in Technology. 
Properly secures all company assets and physical inventory. 
Has a complete understanding of all company policies and procedures related to this position, as outlined in the training checklist. 
Maintains general cleanliness of all areas, including receiving area, lunchroom and washrooms as assigned, according to company standards. 
Checks all sources of communication for information (white boards, bulletin boards, portal, etc). 
Identifies and communicates suggestions for improvements in all areas of business. 
Ensures the proper use and care of all equipment. 
Associate is expected to maintain a safe working environment and follow all company protocols for safety and is required to report any unsafe working conditions to a manager. 
As per policy, required to have personal parcels (bags, totes, backpacks, purses, etc.) checked by a manager prior to leaving the store premises. 
 Qualifications 
 Basic: 
Demonstrates leadership tendencies. 
Ability to resolve customer concerns in a diplomatic manner. 
Ability to engage customers in a friendly and professional manner. 
Capacity to communicate with customers effectively using a variety of mediums. 
Ability to plan, organize and prioritize effectively and efficiently. 
Can engage appropriately and work as part of a team. 
Capacity to work independently and seek out assistance as required. 
 Preferred: 
 Experience: 
Three months to one year of previously related experience is preferred. 
 Education: 
Working towards or successful completion of high school is preferred. 
 Additional Information: 
Conditions of the work environment are such that minor stress or physical discomfort may occur. 
A significant amount of effort is required while stocking shelves and placing merchandise, however, there is flexibility in choosing when to stop and relax. 
Movement of freight by use of ladders and stock pickers is required. 
A moderate level of concentration is required while restocking according to plan-o-grams, however, there is flexibility in choosing when to stop and typically does not exceed more than two consecutive hours at a time. 
 Staples is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including those with disabilities. We will accommodate applicants’ needs, upon request, throughout all stages of the recruitment process. Please inform us of the accommodation(s) that you may require. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. 
 Job:  Retail Locations 
 Location(s):  CA-ON-St Thomas 
 Schedule:  Part-time 
 Employment Statement 
Staples Canada is committed to the principle of equity in employment. We welcome diversity and encourage applications from all qualified women and men, including persons with disabilities, members of visible minorities & Aboriginal People. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
