IGNITIS 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
   
 Life ,  Social ,  Work 
 The grass isn't always greener on the other side!! 
 Dec 7, 2012   ignitis   Leave a comment 
 Mr. Gopalakrishnan succeeds Mr. Ratan Tata as Chairman of Tata Sons Ltd., the holding company for many of the Tata Bluechips - like Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Tata Power, Tata Chemicals, Voltas, etc. Possibly, he is the first non-Tata person to head the Tata Empire. 
 The below article, written by him, is really interesting! 
 Continue reading The grass isn't always greener on the other side!! -> 
 chairman companies iteration job jump jobs life Mr. Gopalakrishnan new job tata tata group tata sons director work     
 Social 
 Culture Shock 
 Aug 20, 2012   ignitis   Leave a comment 
 So this is not something that I can write in my whole life. I came across this while surfing on Facebook. Since most of us are running into such a situation when it comes to our job having a client from another country, I thought of sharing it with everyone. Hope you would like spending some time on this.   Continue reading Culture Shock -> 
 BPO culture culture shock indian culture ITES jobs outsourcing work 
 Do or do not, there is no try - Master Yoda 
 priyank 
 ignitis 
 Personal Links 
 
  IGNITIS - Portfolio  
 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Blog Stats 
 
 20,897 hits 
 
 Connect with me 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 
 @ wweb_dev  How is   wweb.dev  so super fast in navigation?  3 weeks ago 
 For the new year, we definitely need 'Tann ki shakti mann ki shakti - Bournvita' #2020 #2021  #NewYear   #Bournvita   1 month ago 
 @ Rushi_Khadtare  DuckDuckGo  1 month ago 
 
 Follow @priyank_ignitis 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 IGNITIS 
 Do or do not, there is no try - Master Yoda 
 And The Road Shall Never End... 
 Nor shall the dreams... 
 Hiking Photography 
 Compelling Momentum 
 Explorations of Remarkable Marketing 
 Nonoy Manga 
 Manga, Hand Drawn, Animation, Drawing Lessons. 
 Canadian Hiking Photography 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
