Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 3 Simple Tips to Get Noticed by Recruiters 
 Pooja    5th April    Career   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=3%20Simple%20Tips%20to%20Get%20Noticed%20by%20Recruiters%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2F3-simple-tips-to-get-noticed-by-recruiters%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When searching for a job, the first step can sometimes seem the hardest – actually getting someone to read  your CV . 
 The fact is, recruiters often have to sift through hundreds of job applications for a single position, and as a result yours could be overlooked. This is why it’s important to make your CV easy to read, concise and quick to the point. 
 But there’s also other things you need to consider when job hunting. Here are a few tried and tested tips that should make your search a little easier: 
 1. Avoid common mistakes 
 Even little mistakes on your CV could make the recruiter reading it lose interest. Remember, they’ve got a lot of these to get through. According to  Forbes , even a spelling mistake will cost you. 
 Be meticulous. Go over your CV and make sure there are absolutely no spelling errors. Also, make sure your margins are correct (as this makes your CV difficult to print) and make sure it looks neat and tidy. 
 Also, it’s certainly worth having more than one version of your CV, so you can send the appropriate ones to any job. In your cover letter, try to mention the name of the company and – if you know what their name is – address it to the recruiter. 
 2. Keep it snappy 
 An  ideal CV  should be no more than two pages long, be tidy and straight to the point. 
 Use bullet points for your skills and qualifications so they’re quick to read. Don’t apply for jobs which you’re not qualified for – read through the specifications, and if you don’t meet the requirements, move onto the next vacancy. A thumb rule of meeting 80% job selection criteria should be followed. 
 3. Get online 
 Social networking is essential. Recruiters often go online to approach potential candidates, and you can increase your chances by setting up a profile on LinkedIn.  Like this infographic says , there’s plenty of reason to use the internet. 
 Recruiters are increasingly using LinkedIn to find good candidates, and it’s a simple way to get your CV out in the open. Keep it clear and concise, but don’t be afraid to add details about your projects and a little about yourself. With everything on one page, recruiters can get a good idea of your qualifications, experience and even your personality. 
 “Keeping your LinkedIn profile up-to-date is a must, and if you can gain some insightful recommendations form key clients and colleagues it really helps the recruiter make their mind up”, said Matt Comley from  Director Appointments, recruitment experts specialising in sales director jobs . 
 If you’re not on Twitter, sign up. Recruiters and companies will often tweet when looking for new employees, which will appear on your newsfeed. It’s a great way to keep on top of career opportunities, and the time you save can be spent sending out applications. 
 Oliver Adderley, managing director at  Online Resourcing , said “An online reputation is very important during the job search. Activity can make or break your success. 
 “Approximately 25% of HR professionals and 60% of recruiters check out a candidate’s social presence before contacting them. Positive engagement about topics related to your industry and area of expertise place candidates in an increasingly better position with your future employer.” 
 Getting noticed is the first step. While the journey to the interview process does seem like a huge challenge, if you follow these simple rules you’ll improve your chances of getting that job. 
 What tips would you share about getting noticed by recruiters? Share with us in the comments. 
 Image by FreeDigitalPhotos.net. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard beauty concepts ,  Powered by Article Dashboard spiritual community 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 getting a new job (1) 
 
 
 how to get a new job (3) 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 recruiter (1) 
 
 
 recruitment managers (2) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Pooja  |  Other Articles 
 Pooja is a Human Behavioral Specialist + a Writer and Editor of non-fiction books by the day and the night. Pooja lives in beautiful city of Melbourne, Australia. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Great Entry Level Careers in Healthcare That Don’t Require a College Degree  
  _ _     How to Deal with Organizational Change  
  _ _     Coworking Space: Sharing How We Work Part II  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 AFA Julie  on the 5th April 
 
 Reply   
 The note about addressing it to the recruiter if you know their name is important. Don't guess! It's better to leave it generic if you don't know for sure than to guess wrong. You can usually find out the correct name by contacting someone at the company though. 
I recently had a candidate who reached out to me on social media about an opening. She asked several questions and I replied. She then responded saying she had sent in her info and had guessed at who the hiring manager was and addressed it to them. She guessed wrong and looked bad both to me and the hiring manager. It would have been easy for her to ask that question, but she didn't. 
 
 Mike  on the 13th April 
 
 Reply   
 About the online presence, most people I've talked to mention that it's best just to deactivate social websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Myspace (do people still use that???). Even if you thoroughly think you cleaned out your facebook, there is always that one comment or status you left when you were drunk at the bar that you wish you could take back. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
