  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Coventry, England 
 Rate:  £14 - £16 per annum 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Floor Layer 
 We have an open position for a Multi Skill Floor Layer to join one of the biggest Housing Associations in Coventry. 
Duties and responsibilities 
, In addition to undertaking works relating to the primary trade skill, the post holder will undertake a range of associated trade tasks as required to enable the fulfilment of primary trade activities. 
, Be suitably qualified, on an on-going basis, to carry out all works, meeting all regulatory and H&S; requirements. 
, Take responsibility for the care and upkeep of company equipment and assets assigned you. 
 Also to ensure that materials and van stock are ordered, managed and maintained in line with procedures. 
, To be able to drive a company vehicle as required by business need and to do so in line with the Group's policies and procedures. 
, Carrying out repair and maintenance works to occupied and void properties 
, Must be able to install altro flooring (cap & cove) 
, Repair altro 
, Lay prima flooring 
, Vinyl sheet flooring 
, Ceramic wall & floor tiles 
 This is initially a contract for 3 months and to be considered you must have a relevant trade qualification and a full UK Driving Licence. 
 If you are interested in this role and would like further information, please ask for Paul Armson on 01772 208 967 or email your CV to paul.armson@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £14 - £16 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Coventry, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 16:33:47 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
