Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinic Transcription and Health Records Evaluator – COVID-19 Consent to Contact Registry 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BC Centre for Disease Control, $20.86 to $22.92 per hour 
 As part of a coordinated effort in BC to improve care for people who have experienced COVID-19, the 'COVID-19 Consent to Contact Registry' project aims at developing a registry of people who received a positive COVID-19 test result in BC and consent to participate in COVID-related research. The registry will be available into a single platform that researchers will be able to access easily for future COVID-related research studies. 
 What you’ll do 
 Collect and maintain a Provincial Registry of active communicable disease cases by reviewing active cases to determine and identify completeness, inconsistencies and accuracy of information. 
Perform medical transcription through methods such as transcribing physician dictations, which can include consultations, follow-up reports, admission-discharge summaries and pathology reports for inclusion in client’s records, forwarding reports to author for review and signature and distributing reports. 
Abstract information and diagnoses from client information for coding in database required for provincial Clinical Prevention Services annual reporting. 
Advise others regarding guidelines to reporting active and preventative cases. 
Assist with client intake by performing duties such as obtaining information, completing documentation required for admission, liaising with information sources to obtain additional client information, and summarizing information for physician and health care providers. Ensure required forms have been completed on active and preventative treatment clients once all information is complete to report to Public Health Agency of Canada. Schedule and confirm clients for services, send out appointment reminders, and establish and maintain clinic flow. 
 What you bring 
 Post secondary graduation from a recognized health information program. 
One (1) year recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Two Temporary, Full-Time Opportunities (Until December 2021) 
 Wage:  $20.86 to $22.92 per hour 
655 West 12th Avenue, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
 Monday to Friday:  0830 to 1630 
 Requisition Number:  101327/29 
 What we do 
 BC Centre for Disease Control (BCCDC) bccdc.ca is dedicated to preventing and controlling communicable disease and promoting environmental health for the province. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of December 8, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
