Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 My Art 
 Trust the Timing 
 
 
 Anything is Possible! 
 With Love, Hope, and Perseverance 
   
 Five Professional Lessons from Curie's Scientific Career 
 May 1, 2020  by  JoAnna   6 Comments 
 
 I'm re-blogging this interesting and brief biography of Marie Curie with the accompanying life lessons from "Five Lessons, Success Stories from Angsty Professionals." Marie Curie persevered through significant challenges to become the first woman to " win a Nobel Prize, the first female professor at the university of Paris, and the first laureate to win two prizes in two different sciences." 
 
 Five Lessons 
 MARIA SALOMEA SKLODOWSKA  , later dubbed Marie, was a Polish girl who was passionate about learning science. But as she passed high school with a gold medal, two obstacles stood in her way to higher education: first, university education for women was forbidden in Poland (occupied under the Russian Empire in late nineteenth century); secondly, her father—a teacher himself—though encouraged her academic interests, did not have enough money to support her education overseas. 
 Marie’s sister Bronya faced similar circumstances. Though Polish women were not permitted to join universities under the Tsar rulers, the Sklodowska sisters would never let go of their insistence that they deserved the same rights on education as their male counterparts. However, there was no easy way to achieve their ambitions. 
 Having no apparent outlet for her scientific zeal, Marie decided to carry out her own higher education secretly. In the mornings, she would earn her living… 
 View original post  1,189 more words 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories:  Hope  |  Permalink . 
 Author:  JoAnna 
 An open minded, tree-hugging Christian, former counselor, and life-long lover of animals, I'm returning to my creative roots and have published my first book: Trust the Timing, A Memoir of Finding Love Again. I also paint angels. 
 6 thoughts on "Five Professional Lessons from Curie's Scientific Career" 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Maggie 
  May 1, 2020 at 11:30 am 
 
 Excellent reblog and pertinent lessons for all of us. Thank you for sharing. 
 Reply 
 * [JoAnna](https://joannaoftheforest.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 1, 2020 at 4:01 pm 
 My pleasure! Glad you liked it! 
 Reply 
 
 Dave Gardner 
  May 2, 2020 at 2:04 am 
 
 One of my heroes. 
 Reply 
 * [JoAnna](https://joannaoftheforest.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 2, 2020 at 10:46 am 
 I enjoyed learning more about her. She is quickly becoming one of my heroes, too. 
 Reply 
 
 Gavin and Wyatt 
  May 2, 2020 at 12:40 pm 
 
 She was a woman of energy and intellect. A good reminder to us all. Cheers. 
 Reply 
 * [JoAnna](https://joannaoftheforest.wordpress.com)  
 
  May 2, 2020 at 5:06 pm 
 Yes, indeed! I hope to read more about her some day. 
 Reply 
 Feel free to comment!  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Follow Anything is Possible! on WordPress.com 
 From Loneliness to Love - Click on the cover! 
 
 Concise, practical, and hopeful! 
 My True Love Story 
 
 First loves, lost loves, and love that never ends. 
 
 Animals   Art   Communication   dogs   Earth and Nature   emotional health   Faith   Family   God   Good News   Gratitude   Grief   Healing   Health   Hope   Jesus   Looking for Your Soul Mate   Love   Making a Difference   mental health   Miracles   music   old songs   Peace   Perfect Timing   Perseverance   Personal Growth   Poetry   Relationships   SOC   Spirituality   Stream of Consciousness Saturday   Trust the Timing   Uncategorized   Writing 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,404 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Facebook Author Page 
 
 Facebook Author Page 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Good News Tuesday for Jan. 19, 2021: Germany's Renewable Energy Success, City's De-escalation Training Pays Off, US Capitol Clean UPs, and High School Senior Opens Email at Mom's Grave 
 JusJoJan: Wishes and Dreams, MLK's Words: "I have dream…" 
 JusJoJan: Update on Tahlequah, Grieving Mother Orca 
 SoCS: On Being a Night Owl, Listening Skills, Dogs in Heaven, and Making Christmas Last 
 Feelings From My Eleven Year Old Self 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Discuss 
 Get Inspired 
 Get Polling 
 Get Support 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 Award Free 
 We Are The World 
 Last Friday of each month 
 Instagram 
           
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Top 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
