WorkInRetail - the #1 site for Retail jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-IL-Surrounding Chicago Area 
 Posted:  12/19/2020 
 Closing:  1/18/2021 
 Degree:  Not Specified 
 Employment Type:  Full-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 Customer Service Assistant Manager - WEEKLY PAY 
 Capital Energy Group, Inc 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/Customer-Service-Assistant-Manager---WEEKLY-PAY/J3M4YL6KG7L8YS95KRZ 
 Job description 
 Customer Service Assistant Manager 
 We are looking for a full time customer service assistant manager who will provide customer service and customer support to our organization and it's clients. This position will initiate and/or implement sales support action items as needed in order to ensure that an excellent standard of service and a high level of customer satisfaction are maintained. Full training is provided in learning a service line to inform, assist and educate customers on how services work. All candidates must be well spoken and able to present him/herself to others in a professional manner. 
 Tasks and Responsibilities of a Customer Service Assistant Manager 
 
 Interact with customers daily to inform of client services 
 Perform a needs assessment of the customer and recommend products and services or pass along consumer leads to sales department depending on level of expertise. 
 Ensure and provide quality service to external customers. 
 Answer all customer inquiries in a timely and professional manner. 
 Process orders and data entry with high level accuracy. 
 Take initiative and resolve and escalations or complaints. 
 Maintain a positive representation of the company and associated brands at all times. 
 Utilizing training materials in a meaningful way that ensures class graduates have a smooth transition into successful, professional Customer Service / Customer Retention position 
 Creating a positive, fun, and motivating environment to enhance employee performance and customer satisfaction. 
 Monitor individual progress to provide coaching opportunities and to understand employee developmental needs. 
 Participation in morning meetings including: role-play scenarios, product knowledge, and psychology of customer service behavior training 
 
 Team based training sessions ensure that each person in our company has the opportunity to learn from our top representatives. We promote growth from within and encourage our team to work together to reach client & customer goals and improve skills. Promotion and pay are based on performance. Specialized training will prepare individuals to work with customers to provide a unique and pleasant sales experience, which fosters acquisition of quality customers and long term customer loyalty. 
 Job requirements 
 We are currently accepting applications from individuals with experience working in customer service, customer relations, and customer support to work as part of our team. Customer Service Assistant Managers will receive training to ensure they have all the skills and knowledge that they require to be successful in this high energy industry. We are seeking candidates that are outgoing, personable, and comfortable working in a team environment with a focus on customer satisfaction and professional development. 
 ** 
Requirements of a Customer Service Assistant Manager:** 
 
 Must have great attention to detail. 
 Must be a team player. 
 Previous customer service and sales experience is a plus. 
 Must have strong communications skills. 
 Must be organized. 
 Must be personable and comfortable interacting with customers daily. 
 
 ** 
 Qualifications for Customer Service Assistant Managers:** 
 
 Desire to participate in professional development and take on new responsibilities 
 Self-motivated and comfortable working both independently and as part of a team 
 Customer service or customer relationship experience 
 Ability to perform at a high level in a fast paced environment 
 Degree preferred 
 
 ** 
Position Benefits:** 
 
 Competitive wages 
 Merit based advancement 
 Uncapped bonuses & incentive plan 
 Company events 
 
 COMPANY WEBSITE 
 COMPANY FACEBOOK! 
 CANDIDATES WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING EXPERIENCE OR INTEREST IN, PLEASE APPLY: 
 Entrepreneurial mindset, entrepreneur, sales, customer service, management, manager, marketing, administrative, HR, entry level, purchasing, director, retail, telecommunications, restaurant, banking, advertising, supervisor, public relations, PR, hotel, hospitality, communications, social services, business and sales psychology, collections, pharmaceutical sales, buyer, recruiter, sales, sales management, marketing management, full time sales, full time marketing, full time management, entry level management, entry level sales, entry level marketing, inside sales, account sales, retail marketing, retail sales, customer service, business management, B2B sales, outside sales, marketing/advertising specialist, entry level sales and marketing, sports minded, management training, team training, consulting, consultant, business opportunity, business development, marketing coordinator, customer care, customer relations, customer acquisition, customer conversion, direct sales, direct marketing, face to face marketing, face to face sales, customer satisfaction, restaurant management, restaurant service, customer service adviser, customer service analyst, team leader, leadership, team building, sports management, sports administration, sports marketing, sports advertising, public relations, leadership sales, sales director, marketing director, promotional marketing, promotional sales, retail sales, retail management, retail marketing, brand manager, brand management, real estate, insurance, telecommunications, restaurant, hotel, communications, buyer, opportunity, advancement opportunity, advancement, growth opportunity, growth, recruiter, marketing professional, sales professional, public relations management, public relations manager, advertising, non-profit, non-for profit, training, trainer, personal trainer, electronics, career focused, career development, career minded, brand ambassador, brand management, brand manager, promotional marketing, promotional sales, entrepreneur, entrepreneur management, entrepreneur mindset,  , claims administration, claims representative, claims rep, claims administrator, customer support, customer support executive, program coordinator, speedway, circle k, coordinator, program, member services, members, greeter. 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/Customer-Service-Assistant-Manager---WEEKLY-PAY/J3M4YL6KG7L8YS95KRZ 
