Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Buyer II Happy Valley-Goose Bay 
 Labrador-Grenfell Health 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Buyer II 
 Temporary Part-time Indefinite (Indefinite) 
 Location: To Be Determined 
 The Buyer II is responsible for the procurement of supplies and capital equipment for Labrador Grenfell Health Eastern Health. Work involves receiving and reviewing requisitions to ensure completeness and accuracy; liaising with vendors for product updates or to answer questions regarding the procurement process; creating and issuing purchase orders to suppliers; determining appropriate purchasing methods to use and taking action to finalize the purchase, which may involve direct purchases, emergency purchases, and standing offer purchases; and other related duties as required. 
 The primary purpose of this position is to perform specialized, administrative and supervisory work in the Materials Management department. This position reports directly to the Regional Director of Materials Management & Contract Services. This position will also act as an administrative link between staff and the Regional Director’s Office. 
 Qualifications: 
 -Successful completion of one of the following is required 
 — A Bachelor’s Degree from a recognized/accredited university; 
 — A three-year diploma in Business Management from an approved/recognized college; 
 — A recognized certification or accreditation in the purchasing field such as Supply Chain Management Professional (SCMP); 
 - Minimum of two years buying experience within the last four years is required; 
 - Experience using various computer applications and the Meditech System is an asset; 
 - A satisfactory record of work performance is required. 
 - A high school graduate would be a prerequisite for a diploma program; 
 - Completion of a Business Management Diploma with a concentration in Purchasing;. 
 - A minimum of 3 to 5 or more years’ experience in large scale purchasing operation is required; 
 - Experience in administering payroll and scheduling is an asset;including supervisory experience; 
 - Candidate will be knowledgeable in inventory control procedures, Contract Management processes, automated purchasing processes, office practices, and be familiar with public tendering, policies and procedures; 
 - Candidate must have experience managing staffing, experience administering payroll and scheduling 
 -Satisfactory Certificate of Conduct. 
 Duties (Include but not limited to): 
 - Determines if the supplier meets the specifications required for the procurement of goods/services according to Public Tendering Act. Ensures that Government receives value for dollars spent and receives goods/services in a timely manner; 
 - Creates and issues purchase orders to suppliers in amounts according to the delegated authority under the Public Tender Act; 
 - Sources products and services via internet, catalogs, contracts, quotes, etc. to obtain price comparisons ensuring compliance with the Public Tender Act; 
 - Ensures that all information relating to procurement of a good/service is compiled as a single document (i.e. system generated requisition, subsequent supplier quotes, and purchase order number); 
 - Maintains accurate records of current Standing Offer Agreements required for the procurement of goods/services; 
 - Communicates with various departments/sections (i.e. shipping, receiving, finance, etc); 
 - Clerical duties as required (i.e. front desk coverage; answering the phones; greeting the public; maintaining inventory control of mobile electronic devices, cell phones, satellite phones; etc.); 
 - Liaises with vendors for product updates or to answer questions regarding the procurement process; 
 - Attends ongoing training sessions; 
 - Ensures adequate stock available for Department and orders accordingly; 
 - Sources new suppliers for products as required; 
 - Other related duties. 
 Salary: 
 - CG-27 of the NAPE HS salary scales, $23.53 to $26.04 per hour, plus the applicable Labrador Allowance 
 Hours of Work: 
 - 37.5 hours biweekly, Monday to Friday. 
 This position is open to both male and female applicants. 
 Interested applicants please submit resume, stating competition number  2020000375W  to: 
 Human Resources Department 
 Labrador–Grenfell Regional Health Authority 
 Happy Valley-Goose Bay, NL A0P 1C0 
 Tele: 709-897-2164 Fax: 709-896-4741 
 Apply online at www.careers.lghealth.ca 
 Posting Date: November 17, 2020 
 Closing Date: Open Until Filled 
 cc: NAPE HS 
 Reference ID: https://www.careers.lghealth.ca/VacancyDetail.aspx?VacancyUID=000000005183 
 Part-time hours: 18.75 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $23.53-$26.04 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Life insurance 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Purchasing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
