Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Psychologist Assistant - START Program, BC Mental Health and Substance Use Services 
 PHSA 
 __Port Coquitlam, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Psychologist Assistant 
START Program, BC Mental Health and Substance Use Services, Port Coquitlam, $30.75 to $38.33 per hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Administer and score self-report inventories (e.g., MMPI-2, MCMI-IV), neuropsychological screening batteries (e.g. WAIS-IV, WMS-IV), and tests (e.g. CVLT-II, WCST) by using standardized administration procedures, objective scoring procedures, and knowledge at the Undergraduate level on psychological testing within a criminal justice context. 
Provide the Forensic Psychologist with verbal and/or written descriptions of the client’s behaviour during testing by observing client’s behaviour such as his or her affect, motivation, response to failure and success, and any evidence of perceptual disturbances or bizarre behavior. 
Administer specialized forensic assessment measures as directed by the Forensic Psychologist to assist with assessing risk and treatment needs of an individual currently subject to criminal justice proceedings (i.e. Court disposition and BC Review Board hearing). Scope of assessments may include the determination of risk to re-offend, malingering and other pathological considerations relevant in the completion of a comprehensive forensic psychological assessment. 
Prepare and maintain a variety of records, reports, and charts according to established procedures by documenting test results, noting clearly any observations on clients behaviour, and working closely with Forensic Psychologist and Regional Clinic Manager/Director Rehabilitation Services, 
Participate in educational meetings, forensic psychology staff meetings, and may attend treatment team conferences. 
What you bring 
 A Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology 
Recognized training and/ or experience in administering a wide variety of psychodiagnostic tests. 
Specialized academic course and experience in forensic psychology including risk assessment and risk management for specific areas of offending (i.e. sexual assault, spousal assault and violence). 
A valid BC Driver’s License. Local area travel may require the use of a personal vehicle 
What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
Temporary, Full-Time (until December 2019) 
 Wage:  $30.75 to $38.33 per hour 
70 Colony Farm Road, Port Coquitlam 
Until position is filled 
Monday to Friday; 0800 - 1600 
 Reference number:  77150 
 What we do 
 BC Mental Health & Substance Use Services (BCMHSUS) bcmhsus.ca cares for people with complex mental health and substance use challenges. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our value 
 reflect our commitment to excellence and include:  Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
