Skip to content 
 
 Prism HRC 
 Recruitment consulting with limitless potential 
 Menu 
 
 Welcome to Prism HRC 
 Blog 
 6 Steps to decide you are on the right career path. 
 Are you maintaining a proper work-life balance? 
 " Emerging Recruitment Trends " 
 
 Follow Prism HRC on WordPress.com 
 Prism HRC 
 
 Prism HRC 
 
 9:30 TO 6:30 
 Borivali, Mumbai 
 +919821523064 
 Lunch: 1:15pm - 2pm 
 www.prismhrc.com 
 6 Steps to decide you are on the right career path. 
 Written by  prismhrcofficial 
 Deciding what you want to do in life can be a big task especially when you are facing family pressure, societal pressure and even peer pressure. Often people decide on a career they have no interest in whatsoever just because their family said so or because their friends are about to venture into that field and end up getting stuck into a web of stuff that they don’t even want to do in life so you need to plan out since the very beginning about what you want to do in life so you are not working a 9-5 job that you don’t even understand or just because you took up that field in high school. To ease you with the process we have listed down 6 simple steps to help you decide the right path to your career. 
 
 What do you love doing? 
 
 Make a list of things you love doing and shortlist the best ones that you know can earn you money and if you are the best at doing them then that’s an added bonus because as the saying goes that if you are good at something , never do it for free. 
 
 What profession attracts you? 
 
 Due to education advancements and various new streams emerging there are ample options available to choose from when it comes to your professional career. If you merge something you love doing with a profession you are attracted to, viola! You have found yourself a career that you will never get bored of doing every day for the rest of your life. 
 
 What lifestyle do you wish to have? 
 
 Lifestyle can become an important factor when choosing your career, the lifestyle that you are used to might not be the lifestyle the career you chose offers which can become a big hurdle when it comes to growth in your career. Thus imagine what kind of lifestyle you want and would not want in your future and work towards it. 
 
 Take an aptitude test : 
 
 Aptitude tests are a great and easy way to know your career path. You answer a bunch of MCQ questions based on various subjects and then accordingly your score is tallied to tell you what might be your best career option. 
 
 The 10 Years down the lane question : 
 
 Ask yourself, do you see yourself being successful, what do you want your career to shape up to, What position do you want to have at your workplace, will you be able to reach it or perform at par 10 years down the lane, if all the answers lead to a yes then whatever path you have chosen is the correct one and will often lead to a stable career. 
 
 Seek out career coaches : 
 
 Career coaches or mentors are the best people that you can go to, for career advice. Your friends have limited knowledge and so does your family. You might think of doing something that they have no idea of and may eventually persuade you to drop it altogether so it’s best to seek advice from mentors who have expert knowledge about everything and will be able to guide you through the whole pros and cons of that particular field. 
 The most crucial part of your life is your career and the most crucial part of your career is your life and both of them should be on the same side. The graph of life should only point up towards and it will only be that way if you career is on an upward scale too otherwise either side is going be chaos and you are the one that’s going to end up unhappy because you were too late to take control of your own life, your own career path, so you must decide early and thoughtfully. 
 ____ 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 September 10, 2018September 10, 2018  * 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 « Are you maintaining a proper work-life balance? 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
