  
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 
 
  Category  
 
 
  search 
 
 
  menu_1 close_1  
 
 
 CATEGORIES 
 
 
 Job search 
 
 
 Resume writing 
 
 
 Interviewing 
 
 
 Negotiating 
 
 
 On the job 
 
 
 Search Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Categories  caret 
 
 
 * CATEGORIES
 
 
 Job search 
 Resume writing 
 Interviewing 
 Negotiating 
 On the job 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Blog Title, Keywords, or Category 
 close 
 The ultimate cheat sheet for organizing your job search 
 
 
 07 . 10 . 2017 
 
 
 Job search 
 
 
 Latest News & Advice 
 
 
 [ fb](http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/ultimate-cheat-sheet-organizing-job-search/?t=The ultimate cheat sheet for organizing your job search) 
 
 
 [ twitter](http://twitter.com/home/?status=The ultimate cheat sheet for organizing your job search - https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/ultimate-cheat-sheet-organizing-job-search/) 
 
 
 [linkedin](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=The ultimate cheat sheet for organizing your job search&url=https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/ultimate-cheat-sheet-organizing-job-search/) 
 
 
 By Workopolis 
 _Originally published on StudySoup . _ 
 When on the hunt for a job, it’s not uncommon to be applying for multiple opportunities at once. This is especially true for those of us just starting out in our careers. But multiple applications mean different versions of resumes and cover letters, and many,  many  different deadlines to keep track of. With so many moving parts, it’s easy to get disorganized. 
 But a disorderly job search process can lead to embarrassing mistakes, such as lost phone numbers, confused deadlines, and missed interviews. To help avoid these pratfalls, we’ve put together a few tips to keep your job search organized. 
 Start with clear career goals 
 It’s easy to want to just jump right in and start sending out job applications. But before you do, it’s best to take a step back to take a look at the bigger picture. Where do you want your career to go? 
 Though it may seem trivial, visualizing your career path is one of the most important steps to take. How are you supposed to start going anywhere if you don’t know where you’re headed? 
 Reflect on what you like to do now, and what you would like to do in the future. Where do you want to be 10 years from now? Don't worry, you don't need to be overly specific. Once you have a general idea in mind, work backwards from there to five years, a year, and then six months from now. As you do this, make sure to take family, education, and finances into consideration. You will have to make compromises along the way, but if you have a plan of attack, you can account for them early on in the process. 
 Create a schedule 
 After you’ve thought through your goals, it’s time to start building out a schedule. After all, to achieve your objectives, you’ll need time. 
 The first step is to set aside time for job searching and all its spin-off activities. This can be a much more time-consuming process than you'd expect. So aim to set aside at least two hours every day to fully focus on it. Sound impossible? It's not. You can always find blocks of time within your schedule between chores, meetings, and any other responsibilities you might have. Just think of how much time you spend on social media during a week! 
 Next, start building a schedule to complete certain tasks you know you need to get done. You might, for example, devote one hour to cleaning up your social media profiles (like LinkedIn). Devote another hour or two to updating your resume and creating cover letter templates for different jobs. It's also a good idea to  create a job alert with Workopolis  to get new jobs sent directly to your inbox. 
 Keep your job applications to a minimum 
 Applying for tons of jobs can make it feel like you’re improving your odds, but this is actually a waste of your time. Not to mention an easy way to become disorganized (and discouraged). 
 Remember the short- and long-term goals you set? Here’s where they come in handy. Keeping your goals in mind can help you narrow your search to jobs that align with your long-term plan. By always remembering where you want to go, you can save valuable time by only looking out for opportunities that will help you get there. 
 Next, narrow your search down to openings that match your experience and skill level. By focusing on appropriate positions, you can increase your chances of getting job interviews. 
 Track each position you apply for 
 Here’s where things can get especially messy. Applying for multiple positions at once leaves you with a lot of different things to manage. To look as professional as possible (and to ensure your own peace of mind) it’s important to keep track of all the details along the way. 
 One of the best ways to do this is to create a system that keeps track of each job application. You can start by creating a spreadsheet. Don’t worry about making anything too fancy; just make sure to include relevant information, including: 
 
 The name of the company you’re applying to 
 The name, email, and phone number of your contact at the company 
 The date you submitted your application 
 Dates and times for any deadlines and interviews 
 The date you followed up after an application or interview 
 The status of your application (whether you’ve been rejected, are waiting to hear back, or have an interview scheduled) 
 
 Not a fan of Excel? No problem. There are tons of different ways to track this information.  JibberJobber , for example, is one such online job search organization tool that helps you keep track of what you’re working on. 
 During the job search process, it’s easy to feel discouraged and overwhelmed. But by following these few simple tips, you’ll be ready for an effective, organized, and positive job hunt. Good luck! 
 Related articles 
 [ 
 4 job search strategies to land your dream job in 2018 
 ](https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/job-search-strategies-2018/ " 4 job search strategies to land your dream job in 2018") 
 [ 
 4 things to do if you can't get a job in your field after graduating 
 ](https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/4-things-cant-get-job-field-graduating/ " 4 things to do if you can’t get a job in your field after graduating") 
 [ 
 5 ways to promote yourself like the celebs 
 ](https://careers.workopolis.com/advice/self-promotion-tips-from-the-stars/ " 5 ways to promote yourself like the celebs") 
 
 
 Workopolis Logo 
 
 
 About Workopolis 
 
 
 Terms & Conditions 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 For Employers 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 Career Blog 
 
 
 Help & Support 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Site Map 
 
 
 Stay Connected 
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  YouTube  
 
 
  Google Plus  
 
 
 Copyright © 2018 WP Online Holdings Limited. All rights reserved. The information on this site is provided as a courtesy. Workopolis is not a career or legal advisor and does not guarantee job interviews or offers. 
