Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Payroll Supervisor 
 Parkbridge Lifestyle Communities 
 __Wasaga Beach, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING:  PAYROLL SUPERVISOR, WASAGA BEACH, ON (COLLINGWOOD, 2021) 
 Our Finance department is looking for a solutions-oriented Payroll Supervisor. Reporting to the Director, Finance (Services), the Payroll Supervisor will supervise the national payroll system for a seasonal workforce population that ranges between 500 to 1400. The role includes taking ownership of all updates and changes to the backend of our HRIS system. 
 What’s in it for you: 
An exciting opportunity with a national company that is on the leading edge of their industry 
A chance to learn, and work in a unique and growing market, unlike any other 
A culture of collaboration. Like-minded individuals who celebrate each other’s success 
A competitive compensation package which includes benefits, bonus, and pension matching 
 What people say about you: 
You are an enthusiastic team player with a demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced, changing work environment. You have strong leadership skills with a passion for mentorship. You are analytical and systems-oriented, with a strong attention to detail. You love managing projects collaboratively, and rolling-out process improvements to your team, and to other departments within the company. 
 What your skills are: 
You have 5-8 years of payroll processing experience, combined with over 2 years of leadership experience. You posses or are working towards a PCP designation. You are comfortable and experienced in working with the backend of an HRIS system. 
 You have excellent interpersonal skills, and can communicate with people at all levels. You are proficient in Word, Excel, and Outlook. 
 What you will be doing: 
 Payroll Leadership: 
Oversee and assist in the processing of the Semi-Monthly Executive payroll and 1 Bi-Weekly payroll, including annual bonus payments and other special payments as required. 
Supervise a staff of two payroll coordinators. 
Responsible for accurate and timely completion of each on-cycle and off-cycle payroll payments. 
Supervise payroll year-end activities and tax forms filing for T4’s, T4A’s and Releve 1’s. 
Oversee Benefits and Group RRSP Administration. 
Work closely with Human Resources to ensure the timely processing of change requests. 
Improve effectiveness and efficiency of the HR Information/payroll System (Ceridian Dayforce). 
Responsible for preparing annual filing for Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), Revenue Quebec, Employer Health Tax (EHT) and WSIB. 
Prepare monthly reports and remittances to 3rd parties (WSIB, WCB and others) 
In partnership with the Finance team, complete reconciliations of various payroll and benefit general ledger accounts. 
Prepare materials for internal and external auditors, as required. 
Maintain employee HR/Payroll records with high level of confidentiality (including paper files and system data). 
Responsible for payroll process documentation and policy guidelines affecting payroll, focusing on best practice and continuous efficiency improvement. 
HRIS Administration 
 Responsible for changes to the back end of the HRIS system (Ceridian Dayforce) to improve efficiency including implementing and launching new modules, upgrades and patches 
Identify all training options offered by Ceridian including self-paced, online, train the trainer, review technical documents and educate project team 
Categorize all training needs including regular employee self-serve and manager workflow approval 
On occasion, provide actual employee and manager training based on new implemented modules 
Provide support in creating training related materials including editing existing training documents, creating ‘how to’ guides and FAQ’s, etc. in relation to implemented modules 
Investigate, test and resolve issues in conjunction with Dayforce Support and Education resources. 
 Who we are: 
Community is at the heart of who we are at Parkbridge. Together as a team, we share a passionate belief in the building vibrant communities and resort destinations. 
 As a global housing award-winner and Canada’s leading developer, builder, owner-operator, residential land lease communities and resorts, Parkbridge has expertise and a portfolio of properties unparalleled in Canada. 
 Since 1998 we have expanded from just two properties with a few dedicated employees to more than 100 properties and 1,100 passionate team members across Canada – and counting! With this growth, comes a dynamic and evolving work environment with a unique opportunity for teamwork, personal development and challenge. 
 We are the people behind the memories. That is why we proudly say with one voice: “I am Parkbridge”. 
 Please note that applicants must be able to successfully pass a pre-employment criminal background check. 
 If you are interested in this role, please send your resume and cover letter to careers@parkbridge.com. 
 No phone calls please. Only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
Please note that applications for this position may be kept on file for 6 months and may be considered for future opportunities within Parkbridge. www.parkbridge.com 
 Accommodations for persons with disabilities will be provided, on request, to support candidate participation in all aspects of the recruitment process. To request accommodation, please contact Human Resources. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
