
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 The Flex Company (S16) 
 Modern period care. 
 Creative Director 
 
 Location 
 Venice, Los Angeles, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 11+ years 
 About The Flex Company 
 We have a beautiful, sunny office in Venice, California. We are dog-friendly. We offer above market salary and top tier health benefits (medical, dental vision), and cover 90% for employees and 85% for dependents. 
 Our Shared Values: 
 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview) 
 
 About the role 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative and sustainable period products. Our mission is to create industry-defining products and services that set a new global standard for period health. Four years ago we launched the most innovative period product since the tampon: the menstrual disc. It had been nearly 80 years since the tampon was introduced, and our new product was quickly embraced by consumers everywhere. Flex started as a digitally native brand with one product, and quickly grew to a family of period products sold online and in top national retailers such as Target, CVS, and Walgreens. 
 The Flex Disc™and Flex Cup™ generate 60% less waste than tampons and pads and can be worn for up to 12 hours, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 We’re looking for a bold, visionary leader for our growing in-house creative agency of copywriters, illustrators, animators, video producers and editors, web designers, product and packaging designers, graphic designers, photographers, and ad producers. The right candidate will have immediate instincts on how to take our consumer brand to the next level. 
 They must have deep experience in concepting, storyboarding, and directing performance advertising, as well as both the messaging/copy and design sides of the house. Finally, they must have a knack for coaching, recruiting, and inspiring rising creative stars. Their work will be deeply grounded in consumer insights provided by the brand marketing and brand management teams, and they must hold their team accountable to tight processes and deadlines.They must shepherd the visual identity and voice of the brand, while also being a people-first manager, world-class communicator, and thought partner to the content, growth, and product development teams. 
 The Creative Director will approach every brief with a strategic mind and fresh eyes to create work that is truly distinctive and recognizable. This person will be a visual storyteller, with deep expertise in bringing a brand story to life through compelling design, photography, and content marketing. 
 This role will have at least 4 FT creative direct reports (and more folx under them), and reports to the VP Brand. Due to Covid-19, this role will work remotely for the remainder of 2020. Long-term, it will be based at our headquarters in Venice, CA. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Oversee the entire internal creative department including concepting, storyboarding, ad production, website, social media, campaign photoshoots, print materials, packaging design, emails, retail, experiential installations/events, and copywriting. 
 Push the creative integrity of all campaigns and deliverables while meeting business objectives. 
 Evolve, own, and iterate on the brand’s visual identity and voice. 
 Demonstrate a passion for setting trends and taking calculated risks in photography, graphic design, web design, staging, and fashion. 
 Partner with the creative project manager to build the creative infrastructure and processes needed to scale a hyper growth startup. 
 Attract, recruit, empower, and retain a team of superstar creatives. 
 
 About you: 
 
 You are collaborative, humble, proactive, adventurous, and naturally curious. You thrive in a fast-paced environment where deadlines, priorities, and initiatives change frequently. 
 You have deep experience in digital advertising and can deftly switch between directing the creation of the assets we need for fast-twitch ad iteration, building integrated omni-channel campaigns, and spearheading one-off "big bets" that break through the noise. You find inspiration in all altitudes of creative direction. 
 You are a natural storyteller. You have the ability to translate product, trend, and merchandising details into unique marketing narratives. 
 You have the leadership skills to indirectly inspire a high-performing happy team to do the best work of their careers. 
 You are deeply empathetic to the needs of our customers. 
 You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, and opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 You optimize for trust and have a zero tolerance policy on gossip. 
 You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. 
 You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 You embody a growth mindset. You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. 
 You model resilience after critiques for and with your team. 
 You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview!). 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 7+ years of experience as a creative director at a top agency, hypergrowth consumer startup, or beloved CPG brand. 
 Compelling portfolio of distinctive work in multiple mediums. 
 Experience leading photo, video, and motion graphics production and art directing product and lifestyle shoots. 
 Expert in Adobe Suite and G-Suite. 
 Extensive knowledge of marketing channel best practices for conversion optimization. 
 Persuasive writing, presentation, public speaking, and mentoring skills. 
 A keen eye for detail, consistency, systems, processes, and documentation. 
 Eligible to work in the United States. 
 Experience with both retail and DTC models a plus. 
 Experience in the health, wellness, lifestyle, or fashion industries a plus. 
 
 In 1 month you will: 
 
 Demonstrate a strong mastery of company mission, vision, and values. 
 Understand where the brand strategy intersects with your core responsibilities. 
 Uncover holes in our creative processes, tools, standards, and systems. 
 Develop OKRs to measure the performance of creative output. 
 Build rapport and develop a partnership with the brand marketing, product, supply chain, retail, and growth teams. 
 
 In 3 months you will: 
 
 Improve processes, tools, standards, and systems to ensure your team is delivering on business goals efficiently, while also feeling stretched and inspired. 
 Lead concepting for both evergreen and seasonal omnichannel campaigns. Ensure your team is in lockstep on the copy and design sides of the house. 
 Direct a brand photoshoot by tapping into your extensive network of creatives. 
 Build strong relationships with key company stakeholders, proactively updating them on your team’s progress. 
 
 In 6 months you will: 
 
 Be seen as a lifelong creative mentor for your team. 
 Lead the development of new product packaging that breaks through the competitive noise both online and in-store. 
 Recruit a full team of rising creative stars who are passionate about Flex’s mission and values. 
 Partner with the digital product team to build a vision for the ecommerce site. 
 Build a plan to scale yourself as the company grows. 
 
 Our shared values: 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday. 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview!). 
 About The Flex Company 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative, sustainable, life-changing period products. After years of disappointment and discomfort trying dozens of products, Lauren Schulte Wang founded Flex to create body-safe, medical grade alternatives that outperform traditional period products. The Flex Disc and Flex Cup generate 60% less waste and have the capacity of up to three super tampons, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 Flex is sold at over 25,000 stores across the US and is the #1 alternative period product brand based on units sold. Committed to making its life-changing products accessible to as many people possible, Flex is available at Target, CVS, and Walgreens, and at flexfits.com. 
 The Flex Company is committed to creating an inclusive employee experience for all. Regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability, we firmly believe that our work is at its best when everyone feels free to be themselves. 
 We pay competitive salaries, equity, & benefits including (but not limited to) medical, dental and vision health insurance, paid parental leave, cell phone reimbursement, and $1,000 annual learning credit to apply to anything that helps you grow professionally. 
 Technology 
 Our website is built on Shopify and use Recharge for our subscription payments; we use BrightPearl OMS for our backend 
 Other jobs at The Flex Company 
 Creative Director 
 fulltime 
 Venice, Los Angeles, CA 
 Brand/Graphic Design 
 11+ years 
 PPC / Google Ads Manager 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 Accountant 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 VP of Products & Supply Chain 
 fulltime 
 Los Angele, CA 
 6+ years 
 Supply Chain Manager, Fulfillment  
 fulltime 
 California, United States 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
