Skip to content 
 
  The Speaker Momma  
 No boundaries, no inhibitions, just a feel-good blog about plentiful cool things 
 Menu 
 
 My Talk Tales 
 Deutschland Life 
 Daredevil Divas 
 I’m World Tour 
 
 Travel Tips 
 European Holidays 
 Mystic Asia 
 
 
 2Cook4U 
 
 Dummies Cooking 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 Movies 
 Dine & Stay 
 
 
 Arts&Craft 
 
 Knife Painting 
 
 The Indian Touch 
 
 
 
 
 About me 
 
 Peek into my tales 
 How to get a job in Germany? - Part 3 
 Posted by  Divya Arun  on  June 15, 2017November 22, 2017 
 We have also tried to answer some random questions here.. 
 1) Is settling in Germany difficult like In US? 
 As of today, June 2017, the visa processes in Germany are relatively simpler. If you have a well paying job and German B1, it is possible to get the Permanent resident card in 21 months. This means your settlement in Germany is almost done. You can get basic guarantee. But world market is changing fast and right winged politics is taking over. One can never be sure when any country will shut its doors to expats. 
 2) If I am studying in US, shall I try for a job in Germany, given the current situation? 
 Entering Germany without a job is easier than entering the US. My suggestion would be to have moving to Germany as the last option, given the fact that you spent much more for higher rates in the U.S 
 3) If my dream is to relocate to Germany, shall I opt for higher studies or try with a job search visa ? 
 My idea will be - finish German B1 in your home country. Do your job applications and come to Germany on job search visa - this is valid for 6 months. A job should work. The issue here is, you need to ensure you have enough finances to survive for these 6 months. I would recommend this way to experienced players. Say you have 8 years of strong domain experience, this is a good try. If this doesn't work, you can think of other options. 
 If you are a recent graduate or have minimum experience, highers might be a good option. 
 4) If I mention a non-German number and address, will it reject my prospects? 
 This might reduce your opportunities. But not always. During the first level filtering, the HR or team manager will try to call you for a short discussion. At this time, if it's a non-German number, they might think twice. 
 5) Can I relocate with my family, if my kids are over 5 years old? 
 I have seen kids pick up German in a few months. I recently met a 15 year old who came to Germany at 12 and she is so fluent now. There are also bilingual and international schools. 
 6) Will my family feel lonely if I relocate with a job to Germany? 
 The kids are going to be occupied at school. Spouses have an option to work with the dependent visa. Also, international communities are fast developing in Germany and every country has a good representation. So it's not a completely alien land like people imagine. 
 Also check the  Part1  and  Part2  sections of How to get a job in Germany. These points will be updated as and when we have more questions or face new situations. We wish you good luck for the job search. Feel free to ask your questions and add suggestions in the comments section. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Finding a job in Germany German job visa How can I get a job in Germany How can Indian find a job in Germany Job market in Germany visa 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post How to get a job in Germany? Part 2 
 Next Post Breaking Boundaries 
 One Comment Add yours 
 
 Pingback:  How to get a job in Germany? Part 2 - Chalk Talk Tales 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 What's Here? 
 What's Here? Select Category Around Europe  (9) Around the world  (8)    Asian adventure  (2)    Travel tips  (2) Art & Decor  (1)    Indian touch  (1) Daredevil Divas  (1) Knife painting  (1) On the plate  (2)    Dummies Cooking  (2) Peek into my tales  (12) Review  (4)    Hotel review  (1)    Movie reviews  (3) Uncategorized  (3) 
 Blog Stats 
 
 15,119 hits 
 
 Chalking my Tales.. 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Chalk Talk Tales 
 
 Chalk Talk Tales 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Terracotta secret 
 Path to crack German B1 
 I'm World Tour 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 328 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow The Speaker Momma on WordPress.com 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
