
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 AptDeco (W14) 
 AptDeco is the easiest way to buy and sell used furniture 
 Senior Business Development and Strategic Partnerships Manager 
 
 Location 
 New York / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About AptDeco 
 AptDeco (YC W14) is a peer-to-peer managed marketplace for buying and selling quality used furniture. We are making the exchange of home decor easy for everyone. Our customers love us because we take care of all the logistics on their behalf. We’re a fast growing NYC based startup. We are ambitious, engaged and excited about disrupting the secondhand furniture industry. Moving is already stressful and we’re working everyday to ease this hassle for people. 
 About the role 
 AptDeco is looking for a Senior business development and partnership Manager to join our small collaborative team to manage relationships with our professional customers. This role is not about selling but instead working collaboratively with our professional customer base. This is an exciting role as you'll work closely with key strategic partners to develop new opportunities to grow and scale our business. 
 The role mainly focuses on developing existing partnerships with key national partners in addition to supporting small to mid size professional customers (i.e. Interior designers and furniture manufacturers). The ideal candidate enjoys relationship building, problem solving and growing a strategic customer base for the company. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Collaborate and develop partnership with key stategic national partners 
 Analyze data and build sales reports to produce data-driven strategic recommendations in order to drive sales 
 Prospect and onboard new, high quality supply from strategic partners 
 Represent AptDeco in external meetings with professional sellers and at industry conferences in your market 
 Envision and capitalize on new opportunities 
 Educate clients on all significant product changes and cascade feedback on product to the relevant internal stakeholders 
 Hold regular weekly/monthly checkins with your partners 
 Develop strong and long lasting relationships 
 Build and manage account budget and P&L 
 Develop, own and regularly track the budget. Leverage brand priorities and account business drivers to provide recommendations on spend allocation. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor's degree and 5+ years of professional experience, of which at least 2 should be in a account management / partnership management role and/or consulting 
 MBA a strong plus but not required 
 Experience working with large clients a plus 
 Experience working at start up(s) a plus 
 Experience with furniture, e-commerce, or marketplaces a plus 
 Proven track record of being able to effectively work a leads pipeline and/or a book of business 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills and ability to communicate effectively with clients via phone, email, and in-person 
 Strong time management and prioritization skills 
 Excellent quantitative skills and proven ability to analyze, interpret and apply data throughout your day-to-day work 
 Ability to get things done with constantly changing priorities, projects and deadlines 
 
 Technology 
 We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our pioneering continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. We believe in using the best tools for the job, and programming languages are a tool at the end of the day. 
 Other jobs at AptDeco 
 People and Culture / HR Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 3+ years 
 Senior Business Development and Strategic Partnerships Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
