Skip to content 
 
 WELCOME TO THE WEBSITE OF HASSALL PARISH COUNCIL 
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Agendas 
 Community Events 
 Contact Us 
 Council Meetings 
 Councillors 
 End of Year Accounts 
 Environment…. How we can help 
 Highways 
 Local Business Directory 
 Local Policing Issues and Updates 
 Map 
 Minutes 
 Newsletter 
 Photo Gallery 
 Privacy & Data Protection Policy 
 Useful Links 
 Hassall Parish News 
 
 Home Highways 
 Highways 
 Cheshire East Council Highways 
 Cheshire East Borough Council  is the local Highway Authority responsible for the maintenance of roads and footways in Hassall and the surrounding area. 
 If you have any concerns regarding a Cheshire East Highways issue, please use the following links to report your concerns and issues: 
 Report highway problems by visiting their  web site  
 Report street light problems by visiting their  web site 
 Report a street cleansing issue by visiting their  web site 
 Road Closures 
 Visit the  road works web site  and zoom in to the Hassall Area, to see the latest's road closure in our area. 
 Road Condition and repairs 
 A three-level strategy is used to deal with road defects in Cheshire East: 
 
 Level 1  - keeping the network safe and serviceable through permanent repairs to isolated defects such as potholes within required timescales 
 Level 2  - maintaining and protecting the network through programmed patching work to protect the network from further deterioration 
 Level 3  - investing to improve the network to achieve overall network condition improvement, delivered through the annual Highway Investment Programme. 
 
 Level 1 – keeping the network safe and serviceable 
 Road defects such as potholes are identified through scheduled safety inspections and reports from members of the public. These are repaired within required timescales to keep roads safe.Repeated freezing and thawing of water on the road surface during winter can cause the condition of roads to deteriorate in isolated areas. Post winter repairs take place to target affected locations. 
 Level 2 – maintaining and protecting the network 
 Road defects that are concentrated in larger areas are dealt with by patching works, as part of our level 2 patching programme. Level 2 works are targeted at locations requiring more permanent repair as part of the council’s highway maintenance strategy, to begin to improve the overall condition of the road network. 
 Level 3 – investing to improve the network 
 The  Highway Investment Programme  involves large scale surfacing treatments such as surface dressing, micro asphalt and resurfacing to improve the overall condition of Cheshire East’s road network. These works are delivered through an annual programme during summer months. 
 Gullies and Drains 
 Cheshire East Highways gully emptying schedules and other routine maintenance work is designed by collecting all the information collected from previous work carried out. 
 They use this together with information such as the type of road, school locations and likely flood risk allows us to workout how often they should empty gullies across our highway network. 
 Not all gullies will be emptied every year, although A and B roads may be emptied up to three or four times a year. 
 The information we have collected has been used to produce a  gully emptying schedule for 2018 (PDF, 68KB)  along with a  plan showing the locations (PDF, 410KB) . 
 Report it 
 We  inspect all roads and pavements in Cheshire East  on a regular basis to identify safety defects and arrange any repairs. If you are concerned about the condition of a road, report it and it will be assessed with appropriate action taken. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 NEWS 
 
 Hassall Parish Council 2018 Survey 
 Winter Maintenance 
 Road Closure 
 Period of Exercise of Public Rights - Accounts for the year ended 31st March 2017 
 Hassall Parish Council - Annual Parish meeting 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
