  
 
 Home 
 About 
 Services
 
 Mental Health Therapy 
 Resilience Training 
 Change Management 
 Communication & Conflict Resolution 
 
 
 Blogs 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Services
 
 Mental Health Therapy 
 Resilience Training 
 Change Management 
 Communication & Conflict Resolution 
 
 
 Blogs 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 Finding Inner Sass in Your Career 
 Home  /  Blog  / Finding Inner Sass in Your Career 
 By  Shari Goldsmith 
 Posted  May 28, 2013 
 In  Blog 
 Finding Inner Sass in Your Career2013-05-282013-05-28/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wr2.pngWelcome to Workplace Resilience/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wr2.png200px200px 
  0 
 
 Recently, I was having a conversation with a woman at a lunch event. I introduced myself by saying my usual, “I help women find their inner sass”. This woman responded like so many women do, by informing me that she already had her inner sass. The thing is that I’m not so sure. Having your inner sass in your career doesn’t mean you have an attitude or you let people have a piece of your mind. It means that you have the courage and strength to make good decisions. Often, I believe that many women misinterpret this very important distinction. 
 It means that you have a sense of when to talk and when to not. 
 It doesn’t mean that you don’t have your voice. A woman that truly has her inner sass has the ability to be patient and hold back her opinion when it’s appropriate. It’s an important skill to be able to discern when to speak up and when to keep quiet. Also, mastering this skill can make a world of difference in your future success. Women with their inner sass have the strength to stay quiet, assess the situation and think things through before taking any action. They don’t make impulsive decisions that come back to haunt them later in their career. 
 
 It means that you don’t stay in your job when it’s time to move on. 
 I’m sure there’s been a time in your life when you stayed past your job’s expiration date. I’ve certainly done this. Frankly, I did it because it was easier than venturing outside and braving the elements. Why do we do this? It’s because in your present situation, at least you know what to expect. Humans like routine and you’re no exception to the rule. Considering leaving a job or career can encourage you to play the “what if” game. What if the new workplace is worse, what if I hate my job, etc. It requires sass to ignore the “what ifs”, take the chance and make that leap to find your happiness. 
 It means that you know how to take responsibility when you’ve been wrong. 
 It happens eventually to everyone. You make a mistake at work that will affect others. Having your sass doesn’t mean you can’t make colossal mistakes now and then. However, your sass is contingent on how you HANDLE the mistake. It takes courage and strength to take responsibility for your mess-up. It’s easier to try to slide it under the radar or blame it on someone else. However, taking full responsibility and being proactive in the way you handle the mistake shows integrity and character. It shows others that you are a true leader. 
 
 It means that you have the courage to say, “I don’t know”. 
 Your brain is telling you “I should know this and not knowing makes me look incompetent”. However, that can’t be further from the truth. I’m sure you’ve witnessed a situation where someone tried to make others believe they had the answer when they really didn’t. I bet you didn’t respect them too much after this charade. Being honest and saying, “I don’t know but I’ll find out” shows integrity, confidence, and sass. 
 So how did you stack up? Do you have some areas that could use some improvement? Be honest with yourself and make the changes to own your sass! 
 business ,  career ,  empower ,  entrepreneur ,  happiness ,  job search ,  jobs ,  promotion ,  success 
 Shari Goldsmith 
 
 
 
 Recommended Posts 
 
 
 Decisive Moments 
 
 
 Making Change Happen 
 
 
 Taking Control 
 
 
 
 Leave a Comment 
 Cancel reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
 Recent Posts 
 
   
 
 Getting to Grateful 
 January 8, 2021 
 
   
 
 Lead With Empathy 
 October 12, 2020 
 
   
 
 Finding Your Inner Calm 
 August 20, 2020 
 
   
 
 Yes, But It's Just…. 
 June 25, 2020 
 
   
 
 Taking Control 
 April 29, 2020 
 Tags 
 anxiety   business   career   careers   Change   change management   Coach   Coaching   Coach Shari   Communication   confidence   consulting   control   dreams   friendship   girlfriends   growth   habits   happiness   health   healthy   job   Leadership   life   life coach   love   mental health   mother   motivation   parenting   passion   relationships   resilience   self-esteem   self-help   self-improvement   self awareness   spirituality   strength   stress   success   Training   women   Workplace   worries 
 
 
 Sign up for our mailing list 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 CAPTCHA 
 
 
 Website Designed by  Killerspots.com INC  | Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018 Workplace Resilience 
 Start typing and press Enter to search 
 __ 
 "What If" Moments in LifeBlog O How Time FliesBlog 
