Skip to primary content 
 SAMSI Blog 
 Exploring Statistics and Applied Mathematical Research 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About SAMSI 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 SAMSI Prepares Postdocs & Grads for Future Careers 
 Posted on  March 27, 2018  by   samsiatrtp 
 Scott Morgan, a communications and marketing expert and owner of the Morgan Group, speaks at a recent SAMSI Professional Development Workshop (PDW). Morgan shared tips and tools with postdocs and graduate students about what they need to know about creating resumes, CV’s and interviewing skills for science and math jobs. 
 SAMSI is known for their workshops and special events promoting the math and sciences. You may not know, however, that they also work diligently to prepare postdoctoral fellows and graduate students with tools for future success? 
 Since Sept. 2017, SAMSI has hosted multiple Professional Development Workshops (PDW’s) geared toward helping new professionals find and get future careers in math and science. 
 The PDW series is hosted at the SAMSI institute and features a two-hour talk with question and answer session, followed by a lunch. 
 The series of lectures features SAMSI Directorate, professionals from business, industry, government and even specialists in the field of communications and marketing. All of these short talks help those interested in science and math careers to promote and catalog their research, create CV’s and resumes and even give them practical tools such as interview preparation. There have been five events in the series thus far. 
 Huang Huang, a SAMSI 2017-18 Postdoctoral Fellow, appreciated the benefits of the workshop series because it provides him with skills like building a strong CV and/or resume, interview preparation, and time management. Huang thinks the tips he has learned thus far in the workshop series will help lead him to a future career in math and science. 
 SAMSI PDW’s help grow and shape the next generation of young professionals in the fields of math and science. For those visiting or local to the SAMSI institute area and would like to attend future events, view the PDW web page for more information on current or past workshops:  https://www.samsi.info/pdw . 
 Three members from governmental and industrial research organizations  (left to right - William LeFew, a data scientist from Metabolon; Elizabeth Mannshard, a statistician from the U.S. EPA; and Fang Chen, a Senior Research Statistician from SAS)  compose a panel that answer questions from graduates and postdoctoral fellows at a SAMSI Professional Development Workshop (PDW) on Nov. 15, 2017. The panelists discussed the paths they took to get jobs in their fields of statistics and data science. SAMSI PDW's help to guide graduates and postdoctoral fellows to the next stage of their professional careers. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  by  samsiatrtp . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Alex Chen   Amarjit Budhiraja   Beyond Bioinformatics   Brian Caffo   Challenges in Computational Neuroscience   Computational Advertising   Data-Driven Decisions in Healthcare   Forensics   Heather Harrington   James Anderson   Jenný Brynjarsdóttir   Jiayang Sun   John Olaomi   Jörn Davidsen   Kimberly Kaufeld   Massive Data   Mathematical and Statistical Ecology   News/Events   Noel Cressie   Nuala McCullagh   Postdoc Profile   Postdoctoral Seminar   Ray Falk   Richard Smith   Rollin Thomas   Uncategorized   Undergraduate Workshop   Walter W. Piegorsch   Workshop   Yehuda Ben-Zion 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
