Skip to content 
 ''They call me Mr Over Critical'' - Just a guy moaning about films 
 The MAD MOVIE RANTER 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Tag: Steve Jobs 
 NEW  MACBETH REVIEW  NEW 
 February 14, 2016  by  pmbayobale , posted in  Adaptation ,  Best and worst films ,  British films ,  British movies ,  Cinema ,  Drama ,  Film essay ,  Movie review ,  Uncategorized 
 
 I think I'd rather fill my mind with scorpions than sit through this again. 
 Despite a powerhouse performance by Fassbender, Justin Kurzel's adaptation of the renowned Shakespearean play didn't quite do it for me. 
 Macbeth (Michael Fassbender), the Thane of Glamis, receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become King of Scotland (David Thewlis). Consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife (Marion Cotillard), Macbeth murders his king and takes the throne for himself. 
 Fassbender (Steve Jobs) was brilliant. I couldn't think of anybody better to take on the iconic role of the demented King. This adaptation brought back school boy nostalgia. Unfortunately NOT in a good way. Macbeth is certainly not the best Shakespearean play to break into for a newbie. This only reminded me of what an arduous chore it was to analyse and decipher the soliloquies back in GCSE English just to get the gist of what was going on. 
 Adam Arkapaw's cinematography was sublime. It really made the murky Scottish back drop a sight to see. After a strong and graphic opening with the Thane claiming victory on the battlefield, the film soon set off on a snail's pace. The elongated panning shots. The long stares. I could feel my eyes drooping. 
 Maybe I wasn't as much of a fan as I thought. I preferred Kenneth Branagh's adaptation of Hamlet. An overtly lavish and grandiose affair BUT at least it was riveting and mesmerizing. For a story of betrayal, greed and madness, not a lot happened. A lot of the gruesome stuff was told in the horribly droll speeches and never shown. That's not to say I need gore to keep my attention BUT it was incredibly hard going, dull and drawn out. 
 As much as Fassbender's performance kept things watchable, I felt Roman Polanski's 1971 version tackled the subject matter a lot better and was much more engaging and accessible. The screenwriters tried to make little changes BUT it just didn't work. The witches' coven, for example. I always remember there being three. Instead we have an ensemble of women and children. BUT what was the relevance? None, apparently. Even more ironic when only three of them spoke. 
 Paddy Considine (Dead Man's Shoes) wasn't in this enough as Banquo. His absence was sorely missed in this lifeless affair. David Thewlis (Seven Years in Tibet) had the easiest job going as Duncan. He didn't do a bad job for the two scenes he featured in. 
 Marion Cotillard (La Vie en Rose) was the perfect choice for Lady Macbeth. A role I hoped she would sink her teeth into BUT she was far too passive and weak. I always perceived Lady Macbeth as this devious and influential mastermind. BUT in this adaptation, she did absolutely nothing. A shame. I'm not sure whether it was the writers or Cotillard's interpretation of the role BUT it didn't work and she didn't deliver the lines with enough conviction. 
 It was strange to see Sean Harris (Prometheus) as a good guy. BUT his demeanour and performance as MacDuff made me root for Macbeth more. By the end of the play, I knew Macbeth had lost it. BUT whether it was down to a lack of chemistry from Harris or too much charisma from Fassbender, the drawn out combat sequence was a real challenge as my loyalty was already decided NOT torn. 
 I don't think I'm going to be able to wash my hands clean of this mess. Tough viewing. Any newbies thinking of trying to approach Shakespeare on the big screen may want to steer clear. This is one for the die hards. 
 2.5/5 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  Adam Arkapaw ,  David Thewlis ,  Dead Man's Shoes ,  Hamlet ,  Justin Kurzel ,  Kenneth Branagh ,  La Vie en Rose ,  Macbeth ,  Marion Cotillard ,  Michael Fassbender ,  Paddy Considine ,  Prometheus ,  Roman Polanski ,  Sean Harris ,  Seven Years in Tibet ,  Steve Jobs ,  William Shakespeare 
 NEW  STEVE JOBS REVIEW  NEW 
 November 27, 2015November 28, 2015  by  pmbayobale , posted in  Bad movies ,  Best and worst films ,  Biopic ,  Cinema ,  Drama ,  Film essay ,  Hollywood ,  Hollywood mess ,  Movie review ,  Uncategorized 
 
 Steve Jobzzzz 
 Sorkin. Boyle. Fassbender. Winslet. Rogen. This had all the ingredients for a perfect biopic. BUT it failed to impress on so many levels. 
 Steve Jobs takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution to paint a portrait of the man at its epicentre. The story unfolds backstage at three iconic product launches ending in 1998 with the unveiling of the iMac. 
 From the director of Trainspotting and penned by the man who brought you The West Wing. Maybe I went with too high an expectation. The meandering opener with Arthur C. Clarke predicting the inevitable invasion of personal computers and their insertion into everyday lives didn't really get things going for me. It was certainly haunting. Especially as I was writing notes on my iPhone while watching the thing. 
 Michael Fassbender was superb. He delivered a stellar performance BUT a fitting one? Well, that's another story. We join the technical genius during the 1984 Mackintosh fair. It was typical Sorkin which, for the first 30 minutes, ticked all the boxes. Fast talking, quick witted, highly quotable ("The orchestra play their instruments and I play the orchestra"). And, of course, the hallway walking. Oh, the hallway walking. 
 We watch Jobs have a fit over the Mac's interface as it crashes before the big moment. I understand that films always dramatize and exaggerate BUT Sorkin and Boyle really go out of their way to make Jobs appear to be such a ruthless and egotistical manipulator. I mean normally nine times out of ten, most of these "geniuses" or "historical figures" have a screw loose. BUT it's convenient that the film was made after Job's death. 
 It certainly changed perceptions BUT after his passing, you got a sense of the techno wizard. And then to see him torn to pieces and portrayed as a callous liar, it was a little tough to swallow. BUT at the same breath, it spiced up what was quite a dull affair. 
 The techno babble did tragically go over my head. BUT I was able to gather that Jobs was streaming things that weren't part of the package or technically didn't even exist. He exploited and stole components from any one he could. Even his own friend Steve Wozniak. 
 It was good to see Seth Rogen do some semi-serious acting for a change. He didn't do a bad turn as Wozniak. Loitering around the conferences like a bad smell. Merely wanting acknowledgment for Job's plagiarism. Nothing more. Or was he? 
 Kate Winslet worked well with Fassbender and delivered a reasonable turn as Job's long suffering assistant Joanna Hoffman. The pair zinged off each other and really made Sorkin's lines snap. BUT my main issue was her accent. Hoffman was Polish American. It felt like halfway through the film, Winslet suddenly remembered this and tried to thicken the accent to Borat levels. Well, maybe not that bad but it was pretty noticeable. 
 As much as Boyle and Sorkin may have created a monster in Jobs, it was all rather mediocre and repetitive. They literally did the same thing in three different conferences with the same result. Jobs would bellow at techies, deny that he had a daughter, ignore Hoffman's advice and then still be trusted with shed loads of money. 
 Jobs' estranged relationship with his daughter Lisa certainly made things a little more interesting. He developed an algorithm to argue against the court ruling declaring him as the father. 94.1% was inconclusive, apparently. BUT what infuriated me was that it was brought in very early adding to the drama. Then nothing. Just more fast talking and walking. The subplot was only really brought back into the mix at the end. Shame. 
 I respected that Sorkin did eventually question the moral ambivalence of everyone. The intentions of Chrisann (Katherine Waterston - Inherent Vice), Jobs' ex soon changed your loyalties. What appeared to be a genuine concern for her daughter's welfare soon became a cash cow. 
 The flashbacks were a little disappointing. I expected a little more depth into Jobs' personal background (Apparently he doesn't have one). Not a regurgitation of what we've already been told or gathered. Only a little more shouty. There was a clever use of juxtaposition that meshed two different arguments between John Sculley (Jeff Daniels) and Jobs. The wrong doer ironically having the role reversed. 
 I wasn't aware how disappointing a campaign Mac had after developing one of the most iconic adverts in history. There were some interesting stats being thrown around. Apple's control of the market hitting an all time low. Factories closing. Projected sales turnovers of a million computers only reaching 35,000! 
 Jobs was a mastermind. BUT not in the admirable way (Is there one?). During his exile from Apple, he established a new company that was flogging a product that had nothing new to justify the incredibly steep price. Nothing but an expensive game of chess between the Apple execs. He knew they were after the tech that he was developing and would have to buy it from him. 
 It was watchable BUT I feel I'm making it more interesting than it was (Or not?). It was far too talky and too serious. I'm not sure whether it was out of desperation BUT Sorkin threw in odd quirks that didn't make any sense. A scene in which Jobs cleans his feet in a toilet bowl struck me as odd and irrelevant. 
 I feel Sorkin pushed this into The Newsroom territory. A show I never really enjoyed. The grandiose and sanctimonious speeches over such petty and uninteresting things. There just wasn't enough drama for my liking. Not enough exploration into Jobs' past. I mean if these were the best moments of Job's life, then yikes! 
 A mixed bag for me. Quick witted and brilliantly acted. BUT repetitive, heavy handed and dull. Maybe some stories shouldn't be told. 
 2.5/5 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  Aaron Sorkin ,  Danny Boyle ,  Inherent Vice ,  Jeff Daniels ,  Kate Winslet ,  Katherine Waterston ,  Michael Fassbender ,  Seth Rogen ,  Steve Jobs ,  The Newsroom ,  The West Wing ,  Trainspotting 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 NEW  JOHN WICK CHAPTER 3: PARABELLUM REVIEW  NEW 
 NEW  JUSTICE LEAGUE REVIEW  NEW 
 NEW  JURASSIC WORLD: FALLEN KINGDOM REVIEW  NEW 
 NEW  THE QUIET MAN REVIEW  NEW 
 NEW  MACHETE REVIEW  NEW 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 December 2018  (2) 
 August 2018  (1) 
 July 2018  (2) 
 June 2018  (2) 
 May 2018  (5) 
 April 2018  (13) 
 March 2018  (2) 
 February 2018  (4) 
 January 2018  (5) 
 November 2017  (1) 
 October 2017  (5) 
 September 2017  (3) 
 August 2017  (4) 
 July 2017  (8) 
 June 2017  (3) 
 May 2017  (4) 
 April 2017  (3) 
 March 2017  (8) 
 February 2017  (6) 
 January 2017  (10) 
 December 2016  (4) 
 November 2016  (7) 
 October 2016  (13) 
 September 2016  (16) 
 August 2016  (7) 
 July 2016  (5) 
 June 2016  (2) 
 May 2016  (4) 
 April 2016  (3) 
 March 2016  (3) 
 February 2016  (7) 
 January 2016  (15) 
 December 2015  (9) 
 November 2015  (11) 
 October 2015  (10) 
 September 2015  (6) 
 August 2015  (6) 
 July 2015  (9) 
 June 2015  (13) 
 May 2015  (12) 
 April 2015  (10) 
 March 2015  (16) 
 February 2015  (12) 
 January 2015  (11) 
 December 2014  (11) 
 November 2014  (18) 
 October 2014  (16) 
 September 2014  (9) 
 August 2014  (10) 
 July 2014  (11) 
 June 2014  (12) 
 May 2014  (10) 
 April 2014  (12) 
 March 2014  (8) 
 February 2014  (12) 
 January 2014  (16) 
 December 2013  (13) 
 
 Categories 
 
 3D 
 Action 
 Adam Sandler 
 Adaptation 
 Angelina Jolie 
 Animation 
 Anime 
 Australian Movies 
 B-Movie 
 Bad movies 
 Bad remakes 
 BAFTA 
 Ben Affleck 
 Best and worst films 
 Bestseller 
 Bible-opic 
 Biopic 
 Blockbuster 
 British films 
 British Horror 
 British movies 
 capture 
 Car chase 
 Car movies 
 CGI 
 Chick flicks 
 Children's movies 
 Christmas 
 Christmas Movies 
 Cinema 
 Clint Eastwood 
 Coen Brothers 
 Cold War 
 Comedy 
 Comic Book 
 Controversial 
 Cop movies 
 Coraline 
 Courtroom drama 
 Creature feature 
 Crime Caper 
 Crime movies 
 Dance 
 David Fincher 
 DC 
 Denzel Washington 
 Detective 
 Disney 
 Docudrama 
 Documentary 
 Dracula 
 Drama 
 Dramedy 
 Dreamworks 
 Epic 
 Espionage 
 Fairy tale 
 Family Guy 
 Family movie 
 Fantasy 
 Fast Food 
 Fiction 
 Fighting movies 
 Film essay 
 Film Noir 
 Foreign films 
 Gangster Movies 
 Grace Kelly 
 Graphic Novel 
 Halloween 
 Hammer 
 Holiday writing 
 Hollywood 
 Hollywood mess 
 horror 
 Horror movies 
 Hossein Amini 
 Hunger Games 
 Indie 
 Irish films 
 Jason Statham 
 John Ford 
 John Le Carre 
 John Wayne 
 Kevin Costner 
 Kids movies 
 Liam Neeson 
 Live Music 
 Live Music Review 
 Love story 
 Low budget movies 
 Luc Besson 
 Mafia 
 Marvel 
 Medical drama 
 Melissa McCarthy 
 Michael Bay 
 Movie review 
 Murder Mystery 
 Music 
 Musical 
 Mystery 
 Neo Noir 
 Netflix 
 Nicole Kidman 
 Noir 
 Oscar 
 Oscar season 
 Paranormal Activity 
 ParaNorman 
 Period dramas 
 Pixar 
 Play 
 Polish films 
 Political thriller 
 Post WW2 
 Prequels 
 Prison films 
 Reboots 
 Religion 
 Remakes 
 Restaurant 
 Robert Rodriguez 
 Romance 
 Romantic Comedies 
 Russian movies 
 Samuel L Jackson 
 Satire 
 School 
 Science Fiction 
 Scottish movies 
 Sequels 
 Seth MacFarlane 
 Sex comedy 
 Short Story 
 Special effects 
 Spike Lee 
 Sports movies 
 Spy films 
 Star Trek 
 Star Wars 
 Stephen King 
 Steven Knight 
 Stop motion 
 Story 
 Superhero Movies 
 Supernatural 
 Suspense 
 Take Away 
 Teen movie 
 Thank you 
 Thanking you 
 The Hobbit 
 The Rock 
 Theatre 
 Thriller 
 Tim Burton 
 Time travel 
 Tolkien 
 Tom Cruise 
 Tom Hardy 
 True Story 
 TV 
 TV review 
 TV shows 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Games 
 Violence 
 War movies 
 Wes Anderson 
 Western 
 Will Ferrell 
 William Shatner 
 Woody Allen 
 World War One 
 WW1 
 WW2 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
