Skip to content 
 Jewish Book Review 
 News, reviews, excerpts, and interviews 
 ☰ Menu 
 
 Home 
 About JBR 
 Contact Us 
 
 How to Choose a Career 
 Posted on  January 15, 2012December 23, 2012  by  Jewish Book Maven 
 by Rabbi Benjamin Rapaport 
 Whatever career we choose determines how we spend a large part of our lives. Work that really fits us, that taps into our reservoir of potential and challenges us to become our best, can make all the difference in our quality of life. 
 It is encouraging to know that the struggle to find a good match between who we are and the work we do is not a new one. Bachye Ibn Pakudei, in his classic work entitled “Duties of the Heart,” written around the year 1040 in Zaragosa, Spain, deals with this issue and offers a brilliant, five-piece framework for finding a career that really fits. Here it is (Duties of the Heart, The Gate of Trust, Ch. 3): 
 
 Does it pull you? Just like a cat is drawn to mice, and a hawk is attracted to birds, so too within each of us is a nature and a desire for a particular livelihood. 
 Does it match your resources? A bird that captures fish possesses a long beak and extended thighs. A lion, that tears apart other animals for food, has powerful teeth and claws. So too, our physiology, and character is more suited for certain types of work than others. 
 Are you willing to invest? Each profession has its hurdles to overcome, its entering price that needs to be paid before it can be practiced. Medicine requires many years of study. Professional sports require years of serious training. When considering what you want to do, ask yourself if you are willing to pay the price it takes. 
 Do you have a desire in it? Passion may not always be there, but for you to love your work that level of vitality, of absorption, needs to be there at least some of the time. 
 Emunah  – translated loosely as faith. Keep the faith that once all the above line up and you have committed yourself to whatever path it is, that you will meet with success. Don’t get derailed the first time you get challenged, or even knocked down. Dig deep and stay the course. 
 
 If we want the pride of great work, we need to choose our path with these in mind. An easy way to remember these five pieces is with the acronym PRIDE: 
 P – does it  pull  you? 
R – does it match your  resources ? 
I – are you willing to make the  investment 
D – do you engage in it with  desire ? 
E – do you have faith,  emuna ? 
 Four Common Obstacles 
 Knowing how to choose well though is not enough. We need to understand the four common obstacles that lie in the way of being true to ourselves, and how to overcome them, in order not to lose the race before we even begin. 
 
 Approval and disapproval:  We sometimes use career as a means through which to gain the approval or avoid the disapproval of those whose opinion of we care about. This may be a parent, a mentor, or even the society we are part of. This is normal and natural, but can end up being very expensive. Remember that no approval, outside of our own, is worth the price of our life. 
 Fear  : Going for our greatest life often demands that we step out of our comfort zone and do things that are not yet familiar, not yet comfortable. This can be scary. As human beings we crave certainty and safety and dealing with the uncomfortable challenges this need. We need to remember that in every process of growth darkness always precedes light (Zohar). Know that when we summon the courage to break through the clouds that we face, on the other side a sun is waiting. 
 Failure:  No one likes failing. As a result, so many never even try. When we feel like holding back because maybe we might fail, we need to remember Edison. He tried over a thousand different models before succeeding in making the light bulb. When asked about getting discouraged by his many failures, he replied that he never failed; he just learned one more way not to make a light bulb. So often the things that don’t go right are our best teachers. Ask any really successful person and they will tell you that it is was only by making mistakes and learning from them that they were able to reach the achievements that they did. 
 Giving up too soon:  It usually takes a significant amount of time and a lot of hard work to achieve our dreams. Oftentimes, we underestimate what it takes. As a result, when things don’t happen as easily or as quickly as we would like, we feel like giving up. When this happens we need to remember Bachye Ibn Pakudei and keep the faith. Let us refuse to accept less from ourselves. As long as we keep on climbing, one day we will stand on top of that mountain of our dreams and marvel at how we got there. 
 
 Finding a career that fits is one of life’s greatest opportunities. When we find the endeavor that pulls us, matches our natural resources, and inspires us with a vision of who we can become, our tremendous wellsprings of energy have the channel they need to rise up and brighten the world. Run with the PRIDE formula and shine. 
 This article first appeared on Aish.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Jewish Books ,  Jewish Thought ,  Spiritual or Meditative Works ,  Urim Publications Tagged  Aish ,  Benjamin ,  Career ,  Failure ,  Fear ,  Rapaport ,  Self discovery 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Post-Limmud Essay: "Rough Landing" 
 Next Post  Exodus and Emancipation: Biblical and African-American Slavery   excerpt 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 "Giving" - New Review  January 14, 2021 
 Rabbi Yehuda Herzl Henkin, zt"l  January 13, 2021 
 New 2020 Titles from Urim Publications  January 12, 2021 
 
 Search for: 
 
 American Jews   Bible   Bible Commentary   Biographies   Book and Publishing News   Canadian Jews   Contemporary Jewish Issues   Education   Excerpts   Israel   Jewish Books   Jewish History   Jewish Law   Jewish Thought   Ktav   Memoir   Miscellaneous   Review   Spiritual or Meditative Works   Urim Publications 
 Catalog 
 
 Urim Publications 2017 Catalog 
 
 Links 
 
 AJL Blog 
 AJL Newsletter 
 Artscroll Publishers 
 Books 'n' Thoughts 
 Canadian Jewish News 
 Commentary Magazine 
 Feldheim Pubilshers 
 Gefen Publishing House 
 Guide to Jewish Publishers 
 Haaretz 
 Hagahot 
 Hirhurim – Torah Musings 
 Israel Bookshop Publications 
 Jewish Book Council 
 Jewish Book World Blog 
 Jewish Books for Children Blog 
 Jewish Chronicle (UK) 
 Jewish Ideas Daily 
 Jewish Lights Publishing 
 Jewish Literary Review 
 Jewish Publication Society 
 Jewish Review of Books 
 Judaica Press 
 Kar-Ben Publishing 
 Ktav Publishing House 
 Littman Library 
 Los Angeles Jewish Journal 
 Michtavim Blog 
 My Machberet blog 
 MyJewishBooks.com 
 Naamat Woman 
 Seforim Blog 
 Study of the Jewish Book blog 
 Tablet Magazine 
 Targum Press 
 The Jerusalem Post 
 The Jewish Daily Forward 
 The Jewish Exponent 
 The Jewish Press 
 The Jewish Week 
 The Kosher Bookworm 
 The Toby Press 
 The Whole Megillah 
 Torah Aura Productions 
 Tradition Journal 
 Urim Publications 
 Web Yeshiva Online Sefarim 
 
 Urim Publications Fan Page 
 
 Urim Publications Fan Page 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
