Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Client Interaction Coordinator Casual 
 Morneau Shepell 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Build a meaningful career 
 At Morneau Shepell, we offer more than career opportunities, we provide career opportunities to make meaningful contributions to people’s lives. The extraordinary expertise of almost 5,000-strong workforce is harnessed to support the employees and families of the organizations we serve. Our innovative programs have a lasting impact on the health, financial security and productivity of 24,000 workplaces. 
 Bilingual (French/ English) Client Interaction Coordinator 
 Client Services, Health & Productivity Solutions 
REMOTE HOME OFFICE Montreal, Quebec 
 Hourly Casual:  24/7, 365 days/year 
 Our people come with a wide variety of backgrounds:  from retail or the food service industry, social services, sales, call centres and/or office environments. We hire people who go above and beyond to provide solutions to our clients. 
The Client Interaction Coordinator is responsible for providing live answer for employees who are calling to report an absence or incident, or clients calling to refer an employee to the Absence Management program. 
This is an office that operates 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, and 365 days per year. 
Great Montreal location, heart of downtown Montreal and at less than a 5min walk from McGill, Bonaventure and Square-Victoria subway stations. 
 Responsibilities: 
Handling attendance support calls and accurately reporting all absences using in house applications 
Handling Health, Safety & Risk calls and taking care of follow-up activities as required 
Answering all incoming referral calls from clients and completing referral intake as required 
Referring callers to other resources as appropriate 
Operating Kofax system to attach incoming medical documents to claims 
Completing other intake activities in between phone calls 
Communicating with different departments within Morneau Shepell via phone and email 
Working with the team to ensure that all responsibilities are completed according to service level agreements 
Meeting established productivity objectives 
Adhering to scheduled shift times which may include evenings, weekends and stat holidays 
Assisting other Client Services teams as required 
 Qualifications: 
Bilingualism in French and English is mandatory. Applicant must be able to converse and write in both French and English in a professional capacity. Part of the interview process will include a language test. 
2 years’ experience in a customer service position where you gained exemplary customer service skills 
The ability to multitask in a fast paced environment 
Ability to work on a team and be able to help others at a moment’s notice 
The ability to problem solve using your own experience and the available resources 
#LI-DD1 
#INCAD 
 Job Grade:  MS2 
 Fulfilling work that matters 
 Morneau Shepell is in the business of helping organizations help their people and in the process, we strive to elevate ours. 
 We're always looking for talented professionals and strategic leaders looking to make a difference in the lives of the people we serve. 
 We appreciate the interest of every applicant; however, we contact only those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
