  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Python 
 
 Python Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Python Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/python) 
 Yesterday 
 Uart communication with Raspberry Pi 3 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 0 
 I need someone to enable UART protocol on Raspberry Pi 3 for communication with a serial relay board and to explain to me exactly how it was done. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. S. G. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 days ago 
 Remote C+3d Developer 
 Published: 4 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 Join the world’s largest virtual company! 
Work from anywhere – Flexible hours – Training & travel opportunities 
 Scopic is seeking a skilled Remote C++/3D Developer to join our team of 250+ professionals in over 40 countries. The successful applicant will work with a team of talented developers, designers, and project managers to develop industry-leading applications with the latest technologies. This is a full-time, home-based position. 
 Develop Meaningful Applications for Clients Invested in Your Success 
All Scopic projects involve working with challenging, innovative applications. When you work with us, you will not just be maintaining old code or wasting time on applications that will never see the light of day. The applications Scopic develops are the cornerstone of our clients’ businesses. 
Clients and users will rely on you to write quality code and keep mission-critical applications running optimally. 
 Grow Your Skills and Your Career, Fast 
We offer training opportunities to keep your skills sharp and encourage you to stay up-to-date with ever-evolving technologies. As your skills grow, you will have opportunities to move up in the company. 
If you work hard and deliver quality results, you will do very well here. Pay raises and promotions are completely merit-based, so your success is in your hands. 
 Become a Valuable Part of a Small, Dynamic International Team 
Unlike huge tech corporations like Google and Microsoft, Scopic employees don’t get lost in bureaucracy or sidelined doing the same boring tasks day after day. 
Most projects last six months to one year, so our developers have the opportunity to try their skills on a diverse range of applications. Scopic programmers work independently and are entrusted with considerable responsibility. 
 Why Work With Scopic? 
•    Flexible working hours, set your own schedule 
•    Freedom to travel and work from anywhere in the world 
•    Ability to work wherever you are most comfortable (home, office, park, café, etc.) 
 •    Reliable, consistent workload 
•    Salaried and hourly positions available 
•    Annual pay increases for good performance 
•    Paid training and other professional growth opportunities 
•    International travel opportunities (not required) 
•    Interesting, challenging projects using the latest technologies 
Requirements: 
•    3+ years of experience in commercial software development 
•    Strong C++ programming skills 
•    Proficiency using Qt and VTK 
•    Experience with network programming (e.g. Sockets, TCP connection) 
•    Experience with 2D/3D graphics programming 
•    Experience with 3D engines,  e.g.Unreal , AWS Lumberyard 
•    Good algorithm and mathematics skills 
•    Architecture skills, commitment to code design best practices 
•    Good English reading and writing skills 
•    Bachelor's degree or higher 
•    Stable internet connection and home computer 
Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience. Hourly and salary positions available. Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer. 
 Please apply online:   https://scopicsoftware.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0u3by?source=Workana 
 About Scopic 
Scopic is the world’s largest virtual company. Founded in 2006, we have grown consistently by delivering innovative, cutting-edge software products for our clients and creating an empowering environment for our employees. 
 We build advanced software for clients and users around the globe. 
With 10+ years in the industry and 1000+ projects under our belt, we’ve developed software for Manufacturing, Media and Entertainment, Fintech, Healthcare, Food and Fitness, and Gaming. Check out our development work on our portfolio:  scopicsoftware.com/portfolio/. 
 Scopic is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Learn more about career opportunities at Scopic:  scopicsoftware.com/careers. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Required platforms  : Windows, Mac OS, Linux / Unix 
 Published by:  S. R. T. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 5 days ago 
 Experiaenced web scraper needed 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 8 
 Web specialized in Web Scraping. Experienced web scraper needed. Long term project. 
Product scraping on e commerce website. each time a product term is entered, scrape / save the complete product information (the text) that is displayed on each of the pages, recording the page number in particular, in a simple database 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  W. B. Last reply: 3 days ago  United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 6 days ago 
 Password management system 
 Published: 6 days ago  Bids: 5 
 This is not professional but from University. I have done all parts but stuck in coding part, i want to help in code 
using python I have done 40% and coding part cant solve 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  H. Last reply: 6 days ago  Germany 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 weeks ago 
 Desing Deck and Dock 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 I need an application or software that helps me to design docks and decks in 3D and where I can calculate the material I need to complete the job 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  J. H. United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 I need someone who can work with me for a long term project. 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 I need a Full-Stack developer has rich experiences. 
Fluent English  is must and Python is plus because need to use 3-4 APIs. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  V. Last reply: Yesterday  Russian Federation 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 Neural network for Matching algorithm 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 I need to implement an endpoint with data science logic to match the user with other users based on some criteria. The backend is being implemented in NodeJS with Express and MongoDB, and all the information are being stored locally at start. 
The problem here is that we can have millions of users and we need to filter them to show up in a mobile app. 
 Initially we have thought on implementing a neural network with our data model to predict, calculate and show users to our users, with whom they can match with (you can think it as a Tinder). 
 For example: 
 Thinking that we have a Tinder application, our business rule would be that we need to show male users to female users, and vice-versa, so they can Like or Dislike each other. But they can have some criteria on who they want to connect with, such as age, occupation, location, height etc (some of them are more important than others). With that, the neural network would have to match users that would be  likely  to like each other, but after some time when we have few users to show to that specific user, we need to start showing people that do not match 100% of their criteria, like a classification, ELO score or something like that. 
 The job would consist in creating that neural network, connecting it with our backend (with is already being implemented in Nodejs+express+mongodb), so that when we send a request to the /search endpoint, for example, we will have 5, or 10, or 15 people that the user would probably like. 
 We can also in the future use the output of our google analytics to enhance the neural network as well 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Data Science 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. P. A. Brazil 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
