Skip to content 
 
 larryricker 
 Download Project Organizer today. 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Tag: job hunt 
 How to clear your inbox of recruiter emails 
 I recently googled how to clear inbox of X recruiter emails. It was an interesting read about all the derogatory references to recruiters, but not terribly helpful. 
 Some ideas: 
 Search your inbox by state references one at a time and delete all the emails. Most of jobs are concentrated on the east and left coasts so a few quick searches can hit a bulk of them. 
 ", CA" 
 ", WA" 
 ", OR" 
 ", NV" 
 ", TX" 
 ", MN" 
 ", IL" 
 There go about 10,000 emails…. 
 Next you can search on Contract, H1B, Full Time 
 That should clear out a few 1,000 
 A search for Unsubscribe will probably hit most of the commercial emails. 
 You get the idea. 
 After a maybe an hours work you can get your inbox down to the personal emails you actually want to read. 
 I also use filters and labels as well as email rules to handle the volume of recruiter emails. Hopefully this has been helpful for someone. 
 Author   larryricker Posted on  June 4, 2019June 4, 2019 Tags  clear inbox ,  do not know where I live ,  how to clear inbox of Indian recruiter emails ,  Indian recruiters ,  job hunt ,  job search ,  listed address on dice ,  recruiter spam ,  stop recruiter emails Leave a comment on How to clear your inbox of recruiter emails 
 Apps Available 
 Search for: Search 
 Apps Available 
 Project Organizer 
 Class Organizer 
 Opportunity Organizer 
 Job Hunt 
 Student Organizer Pro 
 Project Organizer Pro 
 Class Organizer Pro 
 Opportunity Organizer Pro 
 Job Hunt Pro 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 larryricker   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
