
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Quantitative Developer - Corporate Treasury Strats 
 Goldman Sachs 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Quantitative Developer - Corporate Treasury Strats 
 Goldman Sachs 
 [](mailto:?subject=Quantitative%20Developer%20%2D%20Corporate%20Treasury%20Strats&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14260157/quantitative-developer-corporate-treasury-strats/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 4, 2021 
 Location: 
 Warsaw, Poland 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 MORE ABOUT THIS JOB 
In Finance Engineering, you'll find an exciting confluence of computer science, finance and mathematics being used to solve for what our shareholders would like from us - a high return for the right risk taken. 
 The Corporate Treasury Strats team is looking for world class quantitative programmers to work closely with Corporate Treasury partners to employ quantitative analytics to drive optimizations of firm liquidity, cash and collateral management, funds transfer pricing and trade execution strategies. This is an integrated group which both explores new ideas for optimizing the funding management of the firm and also executes trading strategies, all in one team. 
 Corporate Treasury lies at the heart of Goldman Sachs, ensuring that businesses have the appropriate level of funding to conduct their activities, while also optimizing the firm's funding costs and managing liquidity risks. As part of the Corporate Treasury Engineering team you will be exposed to securities division and banking initiatives, to new business activities, and to critical strategic programs Goldman Sachs pursues to maintain its leadership among global financial institutions. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS 
 What we do and offer: 
Corporate Treasury plays a central role in the firm's overall strategy with responsibility for providing appropriate funding to support all firm wide activity while maximizing net interest income. The division allocates financial resources, raises funding and capital to support firm activity, and dynamically manages the firm's asset liability risk and liquidity portfolio. Corporate Treasury actively engages in public markets and with businesses across the firm, investors, ratings agencies and regulators. 
 In Corporate Treasury Engineering, you'll find an exciting mix of engineering, mathematics, and finance to support Corporate Treasury in all its functions and also drive Engineering-led projects. 
 
 We help treasury analyse our funding and liquidity position by providing quantitative analysis on our positions 
 You will drive commercial impact by optimizing our trading positions and usage of assets and liabilities 
 You will ensure that our profit and loss calculations are correct and timely. 
 You will ensure that our risk is correctly captured. 
 Engineers and non-Engineers closely collaborate so you will have the opportunity to interact with treasury on a regular basis 
 We use a variety of technology such as Java, Python, and proprietary solutions. Quantitative developers and software developers work closely together. 
 You will join our global team 
 You will have a unique opportunity to learn and gain experience from a leading financial firm 
 
 
 Culture/Flexible working: 
At Goldman Sachs, our culture is one of teamwork, innovation and meritocracy. We often say our people are our greatest asset and we take pride in supporting each colleague both professionally and personally. From collaborative work spaces and mindfulness classes to working from home and flexible work options, we offer our people the support they need to reach their goals in and outside the office. 
 
 Who we look for: 
 
 Bachelor, Master or PhD with a background in financial engineering/financial math; quantitative sciences, e.g. physics, statistics, applied math, electrical engineering, or other quantitative discipline. 
 Strong analytical skills and mathematical fluency 
 Programming experience for example in Java, Python, Matlab or similar 
 Interest in solving financial business problems with broad engineering methods but prior financial knowledge is not essential. 
 Drive to commercial outcomes. 
 Excellent communication skills, including speaking to technical and non-technical audiences. 
 Desire to take responsibility for own work and projects. 
 
 ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS 
 At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. 
 We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers . 
 We're committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https:// www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html 
 © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. 
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity 
 
 
 Internal Number: 8559727 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at Goldman Sachs 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
