Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Security Guard - Campus Security - Belleville, ON - FT & PT 
 Paladin Security 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 
 Patrol assigned area on foot, as assigned, to ensure personal, building, and equipment security. 
 Watch for and report irregularities by completing investigations and incident reports, such as security breaches, facility and safety hazards, and emergency situations; contact emergency responders, such as police, fire, and/or ambulance personnel, as required. 
 Utilize two-way radio and computer applications for communicating site activities. Sustain effective relationships with key stakeholders and provide specialized security services by enforcing college’s rules and regulations when required. 
 Offer support to any person in need such as providing good customer service when providing a security presence, such as providing direction on college campus, responding to emergency situation involving violent individuals and injuries. 
 Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. 
 
 Prerequisites:  At the time of the interview, applicants must be able to produce proof of completion of the following: 
1. First Aid & CRP Level C 
2. Basic Security Officer Training 
3. A Valid Ontario Security Guard License 
 [Please allow 15 - 20 minutes to complete your application] 
 Paladin Security Group is the security company of choice among some of the most respected institutions in the country, protecting the public and government facilities. We are committed to offering the best employment and career development opportunities in the security industry because we want the very best and brightest people our industry has to offer. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those applicants that are short listed will be contacted for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
