Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, E-Commerce Trading - Joe Fresh 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As Manager, E-commerce Trading, Merchandising Joe Fresh, you will be responsible to manage & support merchandising initiatives for joefresh.com. Data will be at the core of all your strategic planning. Your mandate will be to manage merchandising and inventory strategies that will optimize our business as we embark towards omni-channel. You will partner with key stakeholders, providing data-driven insights that will ultimately improve the customer experience and support key business initiatives. Partnering teams include growth & strategy, allocations & planning, category, marketing and product teams. You will use data every single day to uncover meaningful insights that inform our strategic planning and ultimately, drive revenue. 
What you'll do 
Manage merchandising initiatives by building effective processes representing Joe Fresh across the other channels. Keeping the customer at the center 
Manage period & weekly forecasting; sales, profit & supporting KPIs 
Partner with pre/in season inventory planning teams to help optimize Ecommerce inventory supporting key initiatives 
Identify A/B testing opportunities to optimize the customer journey and site experience 
Identifying key category & shop opportunities supported by strategic assortment plans built with category and planning teams 
Collaborate with key cross-functional teams to help build strategic inventory & merchandising opportunities that best represent Joe Fresh within partnering channels 
Assist in building end-to-end merchandising & inventory process that will support business roadmap 
Does this Sound like you? 
5+ years of experience in a retail merchandising and/or planning role 
Extensive experience related to web merchandising & inventory management 
Strong understanding of retail & ecommerce operations 
Effective communicator & collaborator that can build and maintain strong partnerships across all levels of the organization 
Exceptional presentation & project management abilities 
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while effectively prioritization and utilizing partnerships 
Strong experience within Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint), Ecommerce Databases (Eg. Hybris, Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics) and inventory databases (Eg. SAP) 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
