Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 OPSEU - Courier - Casual - Flexible & Saturday Shifts 
 LifeLabs 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Improve lives. Love your job. Grow your career. 
 Are you someone who cares about the well-being of others? Be the one driving change. 
 Want to change people’s lives for the better? Now you can. LifeLabs Medical Laboratory Services is a proud Canadian company with over 50 years’ experience. We provide laboratory testing services, which help healthcare providers diagnose, treat, monitor and prevent disease in patients. Our sense of accountability is what drives us to deliver the highest quality in lab services. LifeLabs is currently looking for a Casual Courier to provide specimen transport for physicians and other healthcare providers in Mississauga, Ontario . 
 As a Courier, you will be the LifeLabs brand ambassador on the road, demonstrating the important service LifeLabs provides to the community while maintaining our established reputation. 
 In this role, you will: 
Safely transport specimens in a timely manner to preserve specimen integrity, while ensuring a high level of maturity, customer service, and accountability in various driving conditions, rural or urban areas, during daytime and evening hours. 
Represent the LifeLabs brand with professionalism and integrity by providing a positive experience at every touch point. 
Utilize LifeLabs technology to access and complete on-line readings and training, read emails and complete timecards. 
Ensure customer satisfaction by handling all situations with professionalism. 
 The right person for this role will be effective in a fast-paced environment while managing physical demands such as lifting or maneuvering up to 50 pounds. Some key qualities include: responsible, professional and reliable. Other requirements include: 
 High School Diploma or equivalent 
A full valid driver’s license and clean driver’s record 
3 years of driving experience with a full valid license 
Excellent interpersonal and communications skills 
Ability to work a specified route schedule 
Flexible work including Saturday hours and availability for sudden shift changes 
 We are looking for passionate individuals who share in the importance of our values: Customer Focus, Accountability, Respect and Excellence, and can live these values with us every day. 
 Drive your way to a fulfilling future. Apply today. 
 LifeLabs is committed to building an inclusive environment and will provide accommodations in accordance with the AODA – Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Please indicate in your application any accommodations you will require throughout the recruitment process. Alternatively please contact our corporate offices main line to be directed to a member of the Talent Acquisition team at (416) 675-4530. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
