Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Liz Frederiksen 
 Liz Frederiksen talks about social media, marketing, television and other buzz-worthy stuff! 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: careers 
 Take Your LinkedIn Profile from Average to All-Star! 
 Posted on  May 25, 2015  by   Liz Frederiksen 
 “I don’t know what I’m doing on LinkedIn.” I hear this all the time, and it’s often voiced with either resignation or frustration. People tend to look at LinkedIn as a necessary evil, so  they throw a few random resume bits up and call it a day. This is a mistake! A  2014 round-up  found that 94% of recruiters are on LinkedIn but only 36% of candidates are, 73% of Millenials found their last job through social media and 89% of recruiters have hired someone through LinkedIn. 
 Before you consider connecting with those recruiters though, you need to have a completed, All-Star level profile, and these tips will help you get there: 
 Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Social Media  |  Tagged  all star ,  business ,  careers ,  digital strategist ,  hire ,  linkedin ,  Liz Frederiksen ,  resume ,  resume building ,  social media ,  social networking ,  the liz buzz ,  thelizbuzz 
 Do We Need Social Media "Experts?" 
 Posted on  June 24, 2014  by   Liz Frederiksen 
 In November, Workopolis published  Thinkopolis: 2013 Year in Review + A Look Ahead to 2014 . In it they included a list of "Vanishing Vocations" that won't exist in ten years. Much to my surprise, Social Media Expert topped the list, beating out Taxi Dispatcher, Postal Worker, Retail Cashier, and Word Processor / Typist in the race to redundancy. Workopolis reasons that: 
 
 "Soon a generation of young professionals who’ve grown up with Twitter and Facebook as part of their daily lives will be entering the job market. With this glut of savvy young online communicators looking for work, social media skills will just become expected communication competencies, like reading and writing, rather than unique areas of expertise. This will end the need for social media experts." 
 
 What is most unfortunate about this is not just that it is wrong, but that it has been  quoted   repeatedly ,  everywhere . 
 Before I get to Workopolis' misconceptions, I must do the obligatory kvetching about the term "expert." If the Workopolis team had done their homework, they'd know it's a meaningless term in social media, and, what's more, it does not describe a role someone would have in a company. Do they mean Consultant? Community Manager? Digital Strategist? Anyone who knows what a hashtag is? But I digress… 
 The main problem here is the same problem I often see when people discuss the future of social media management: They confuse basic skills with talent and expertise. Just because everyone knows how to write, we don't assume all employees have the talent to write effective press releases. And just because anyone with a smart phone can take pictures or make videos, we don't assume there is no need for professional photographers or filmmakers. The same holds true for social media. 
 When I started making my lateral move from television to social media, I assumed it would be easy. I'm on Facebook and I tweet occasionally. What's there to know? Turns out, quite a lot. There are issues of content creation, posting strategy, running effective contests, engaging with customers, interpreting metrics, and keeping up with trends and platform changes. Having personal accounts where you discuss weekend plans with friends does not teach you these things, nor will everyone who tries to learn excel at it. What's more, most employees will not have the time to take this on in addition to their other duties. 
 Unfortunately, Workopolis also fell for the myth that young people will somehow be automatically good at techie tasks. During my year as the Social Media Manager at Students Offering Support (SOS) Head Office, I had the privilege of working with many amazing university students who were in charge of the social media accounts at their schools' chapters. And while I never had to coach anyone on the mechanics of making a post, I did have to provide guidance about appropriate and effective content, the importance of consistent branding, and posting strategies. Just like everyone else, the young need talent and experience to make their basic social media skills useful in the workplace. 
 So, if Workopolis is wrong, what is the future of the Social Media "Expert"? At last year's  CM1 conference , someone said that what makes the field so exciting is that it's new and really, no one knows for sure what will happen. What it means to be an "expert" will certainly change. The proliferation of basic social media skills means that no longer will anyone with a Facebook page be able to make a living teaching executives the rudimentary how-to's. Being an "expert" will require more in-depth knowledge about strategy, analytics and content creation. Smaller companies may indeed figure out how to make social media more of a team effort, which will result in more hybrid roles of Social Media/PR or Social Media/Marketing. But whatever the future holds, it seems clear that while platforms come and go, social media is here to stay, and so is the social media "expert." 
 Posted in  Social Media  |  Tagged  careers ,  community managers ,  digital strategist ,  expert 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Take Your LinkedIn Profile from Average to All-Star! 
 What's Buzzing - March/April 2015 
 It's Elementary, Dear Twitter Users! 
 UPDATE: I Finally Cried "Uncle" Over Google Calendar's GMT Issue 
 Time Zone Trouble - Fixing the Calendar App Bug 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Liz  on  Do We Need Social Media… 
 
 
 
 
 Vicki on  Do We Need Social Media… 
 
 
 
 
 Liz  on  Do We Need Social Media… 
 
 
 
 Ashley Gaskell  on  Do We Need Social Media… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Personal 
 Popular Culture 
 Social Media 
 Tech Support 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow Liz Frederiksen on WordPress.com 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
