Skip to content 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 About 
 Mission & Vision 
 Guiding Principles 
 History of Project 
 Founding Partners & Contributors 
 National Strategy for Suicide Prevention 
 FAQs 
 
 
 
 Understanding Workplace Suicide 
 
 Understanding Workplace Suicide 
 Why Should Workplaces Care About Suicide Prevention 
 Key Areas for a Healthy Workplace 
 A Comprehensive Approach — The Stream Parable 
 Stories 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Take Action 
 
 Take Action 
 Take the Pledge 
 Donate 
 Volunteer 
 About the Lead Partners 
 
 
 
 News 
 
 News 
 Press Releases & Presentations 
 Workplace Suicide Prevention in the News 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 Crisis Resources 
 
 Make suicide prevention a health and safety priority at work. 
 A call to action to all workplaces and professional associations — now is the time to implement the  National Guidelines for Workplace Suicide Prevention . 
 Practice 2: Assess and Address Job Strain and Toxic Work Contributors 
 Posted by   April 3, 2020June 19, 2020 
 Practice 2: Assess and Address Job Strain and Toxic Work Contributors 
 Reduce environmental aspects of job strain, stress, trauma and life disruption that impact employee vibrancy negatively. 
 Why is this important and what does this practice entail? 
 Several work related psychosocial hazards have been connected to suicidal thoughts, suicide attempts and/or suicide death. Poor job control, lack of autonomy and work variety can lead people to feeling trapped as people are continually pressured to do more with less. Work-family and family-work conflicts can be very disruptive and distracting. By eliminating or mitigating these hazards, workplaces may decrease the risk of suicide. We can encourage people to seek therapy and take medication to alleviate their despair, but that won’t fix the problem if they are experiencing bullying, harassment, prejudice and discrimination at work. This practice also takes a look at the barriers to help-seeking and help-giving and works to minimize or remove these barriers. 
 Watch the Video 
 Action Steps: 
 1. Take the INPUTS Survey (or similar survey on psychosocial hazards]:  https://www.cdc.gov/workplacehealthpromotion/tools-resources/pdfs/nhwp_inputs_survey.pdf 
 
 Complete Practice 2 to earn the Job Strain Reduction Badge 
 Note: It looks like JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Some elements of this form may require JavaScript to work properly. If you have trouble submitting the form, try enabling JavaScript momentarily and resubmit. JavaScript settings are usually found in Browser Settings or Browser Developer menu. 
 RM_Stats 
 Email * 
 Share results of the INPUTS Survey or other similar tool to poll workers * 
 After analyzing this data, what are the top three psychosocial hazards impacting your workforce? * 
 Have you fully reviewed all of the materials on this page? * 
 
 Yes 
 
 Join a community of practice. 
 Tweets by WorkSuicidePrev 
 Let’s learn together and support one another as we work to save lives and build vibrant workplace communities. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Contact 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021  Workplace Suicide Prevention . All rights reserved. Coded by  515 Media® . 
