
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Work From Home Jobs at United Health Group 
 August 2, 2018 by  Ashlee Anderson   Leave a Comment 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 206 
  __Share 56 
  __Share 
 262 Shares 
 The healthcare industry is big business. Americans alone spent a whopping  $3.4 trillion  on health care in 2016! 
 It's no secret that jobs in the health care arena are growing -- fast! 
 In fact, according to the  Bureau of Labor Statistics , health care jobs are projected to grow 18 percent through 2026 -- a lot more faster than average for all occupations. That amounts to an estimated 2.4 million jobs over the next decade or so. 
 Impressive, right? 
 It is! 
 That's why, if you're looking for a work from home job, it makes sense to consider the health care industry. And, even though you don't typically associate healthcare with work from home, there are quite a few companies that routinely hire at-home workers in this industry. 
 One such company is United Health Group. 
 What is United Health Group? 
 United Health Group provides medical benefits to people living throughout 130 countries. 
 Their mission, as a health care company is "to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone." 
 To do this, they've built a company culture that includes values like: 
 
 Compassion 
 Integrity 
 Performance 
 Innovation 
 Relationships 
 
 In 2017, United Health hit annual revenue of $201.2 billion! 
 United Health Work From Home Jobs 
 Because United Health is a global healthcare company, they have jobs available in a lot of different categories. And, yes, this even includes work from home options! 
 Some of the most popular work from home jobs available at United Health Group include: 
 Customer Service and Claims 
 Genuinely enjoy helping others? Want to provide answers to questions and solutions to problems? Consider joining  United Health's customer service and claims department . 
 Some of the work from home jobs available in the customer service department involve billing, claims, and enrollment and eligibility. 
 Technology 
 From cybersecurity to network management, you can join a  remote workforce at United Health  that is on a mission to use technology to evolve the way millions of people worldwide access health care. Job options include software engineering, risk management, and systems analysis. 
 Marketing & Sales 
 Join the marketing and sales department at United Health and you can take an active role in helping to build new relationships with people. Account management, telesales, and advertising are some of the work from home jobs available at United HealthCare. 
 Of course, these are just a few of the popular remote jobs offered at United Health. You can find even more openings by searching the United Health Careers Page. 
 Find Work From Home Jobs on United Health 
 Ready to do your own work from home job search with United Health? No problem! 
 Check out the video below for tips on making the most of your job search with United Health. 
 https://workfromhomehappiness.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Small-United-Health-Group-Work-From-Home-Video.mp4 
 Navigating the Hiring Process 
 Once you've gone through and found a job (or ten) that sounds promising, it's time to apply. 
 Application 
 To make the most of any application, it's best to  customize your resume  to every job you're applying to. Be sure to use these work from home resume tips to give yourself a head start as a candidate. 
 Review 
 After your resume is submitted, it will go through a review process. That's when a recruiter will look over everything to make sure you have all the right skills and qualifications. Remember, this is why it's important to tailor fit your resume to every single job! The better you do that, the greater your chances of getting a callback. 
 Assessment 
 Some of the work from home jobs at United Health require an assessment. Don't panic! The online assessment is a practical test that lets you show off your skills and knowledge. 
 Digital Interview 
 When you apply for a work from home job at United Health, you get the advantage of working from home! And since you won't have to come into the office every day to do your job, you won't be expected to show up in person for an interview either. Instead, you may be invited to do a digital interview. The digital interview is a video-style interview, much like those you go through in person. 
 If all goes well, you may be extended a job offer and go through on-boarding training! That's it. 
 Why Work From Home For United Health 
 United Health Group is committed to employee happiness. And, part of that is allowing for flexible and telecommute jobs. 
 In fact, about 25% of United Health Group's employees have a work from home position. You can too! 
 Aside from flexible work options and telecommuting positions, United Health Group offers employees who work at least 20 hours a week: 
 
 Consumer-driven health plans 
 Retirement and savings 
 Paid time off 
 Adoption assistance 
 Company stock options 
 Education reimbursement 
 
 You can learn more about specific benefits by visiting their  employee rewards and benefits page  and selecting your country of residence. 
 Before You Apply 
 If you're not quite sure about working for United Health Group or simply have some questions about their work from home options, that's okay! 
 United Health offers a recruiter chat service that's completely free to use. 
 Recruiters are available select days and times of the week. Check out the  recruiter chat page  to see the next chat window. 
 And don't forget to keep an eye on the  career event page ! United Health Group frequently offers virtual career fairs to discuss work from home job options and openings in a virtual environment! 
 Remote Jobs At United Health Group 
 Remember, United Health is just one of the many legitimate companies that allow you to work from home. There are tons more opportunities, if you know where to search. 
 One of the best sites you can use is FlexJobs. At FlexJobs, they guarantee every single job positing is the real deal. Since they hand pick all of their listings, they're confident every employer is 100% scam free. So confident, in fact, that they offer a money-back guarantee. 
 You can learn more about the different membership options at FlexJobs  here . Be sure to use promo code AFFPROMO to save an additional 30% off! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 _P.S. This post contains affiliate links. Please read my  disclosure statement  to learn more.  _ 
 Hack Your Resume! 
 Ready to apply to a work from home job? Use this guide to hack your resume, and increase your chances of getting an interview! 
 Hooray! Thanks for subscribing. Check your email to confirm your subscription and get your free guide. 
 There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again. 
 First Name 
 Email Address 
 We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer. 
 Give Me My Guide  No spam. Ever. That's my promise to you.  Powered by ConvertKit 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 206 
  __Share 56 
  __Share 
 262 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Company Reviews  Tagged With:  united health group jobs work from home ,  united health group remote jobs ,  united health group work from home ,  united healthgroup work from home 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
