UK Tropical Peatland Working Group 
 Getting to know peat! 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Funders 
 Gallery 
 Partners 
 
 Individuals 
 Institutions 
 
 
 Protocols 
 Publications 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Job opportunity 
 Fellowship Alert! 
 April 8, 2020  /  uktropicalpeat  /  Leave a comment 
 Nick Girkin , a member of this group, wanted to draw people's attention to this fantastic opportunity being advertising currently at his new work place:  Cranfield University's 75th Anniversary Fellowship Scheme . Have a look  here  for more information for applicants. 
 If you're interested in applying - and the  deadline is 20th April  - please  do get in touch with Nick  as he'd be very happy to support your application if you're interested in working on anything to do with tropical peatlands (or a variety of other ecosystems) and/or GHG fluxes. He can also put you in contact with a more suitable academic to support applications in almost any area of soil/agriculture/environmental science. Good luck! 
 Peaty postdoc in Peru, anyone? 
 September 13, 2019September 13, 2019  /  uktropicalpeat  /  Leave a comment 
 Brand-new Postdoctoral opportunities in Amazon peatlands research 
 Project title  :  Assessing and modeling the inputs, stability and fate of soil C in Amazon peatlands and flooded forest under changing climate 
 Location  : based in Iquitos Peru at the collaboration of Universidad Nacional de la Amazonia Peruana (Peru) and Arizona State University (USA) 
 Potential start and end  : January 2020-December 2021 (2 years) 
 Motivation and opportunity  : The Amazon basin is one of the major C reserves in the world and is under multiple threats derived from anthropogenic activities. These threats are affecting one key function as C sink for the world. Amazon peatlands, carbon sequestering wetlands where the rate of accumulation exceed the rate of 
decomposition, have been documenting as holding high amounts of C in the Amazon, and the Pastaza-Maranon fore basin in Peru has been so far documented as holding the most in terms of area and depth (up to 10 meters). The mechanisms of accumulation and stability of soil Carbon in the Amazon is an open and intriguing area of research since the warm conditions and fast decomposition rates in the tropics, predicted soil C accumulation to be low or limited. Yet peatlands I the Amazon have reached many 
m of organic soil accumulations. We seek two postdoctoral candidates to join an application and fulfill the following roles: mechanistically evaluate the rates of C inputs and stability from different biomass components among sites with contrasting NPP, geochemistry and respiration rates leading to CH4 emissions (position 1) and develop modeling approaches to estimate rates of accumulations across a broad area (spatial modeling) and model the response of such rates under water manipulation scenarios simulating climate driven increase or decrease of rain/flood (position 2). 
 The team include Prof Hinsby Cadillo-Quiroz (ASU), Dr Outi Lahteenoja (ASU), Rodil Tello (UNAP), David Urquiza (UNAP) among others. Salaries are highly competitive and will be given by CONCYTEC (PERU) and World Bank program. Relocation expenses are available. Candidates must have completed their PhD no earlier than 6 years ago, and have a record of publications in desired field. Please reach Dr Cadillo  hinsby@asu.edu  along with a CV by  Sept 18  or ASAP. 
 WANTED: Peatland and mangrove specialists @FAO 
 July 9, 2019  /  uktropicalpeat  /  Leave a comment 
 The FAO peatland team is opening a roster for consultancy applications on the topic below, from short- to longer-term positions in various locations and for different types and length of experiences: 
 Remote sensing, monitoring and/or management and sustainable livelihoods specialist – peatlands and mangroves 
 If interested, please see the details below, and then apply through the  FAO employment portal  at the latest on  Wednesday 24 July  , or feel free to share the vacancy announcement with your networks: 
 https://jobs.fao.org/careersection/fao_external/jobdetail.ftl?job=1901585&tz=GMT%2B02%3A00&tzname 
 If you have questions, please contact Maria Nuutinen* on  maria.nuutinen@fao.org . 
 *Forestry Officer - Peatlands, REDD+ and National Forest Monitoring cluster, Forestry Department, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations 
 Skype for business & Skype: maria.pauliina.nuutinen 
 Office +39 06 570 53284 
 www.fao.org/redd/areas-of-work/national-forest-monitoring-system  __ 
 www.fao.org/in-action/micca/knowledge/peatlands-and-organic-soils 
 Join the Online Community on Peatlands and Climate Change:  http://bit.ly/peatlands-community 
 
 Technical Focus 
 In particular, the work will focus on: Contributing to technical work related to wetland and high-carbon ecosystem (especially peatlands and mangroves) through: satellite data processing and field data analysis for monitoring, mapping, land use planning, management and/or livelihood development on peatlands in wet condition (paludiculture). 
 Minimum Requirements 
 
 Advanced university degree (for Consultants) / University degree (only for PSA) related to remote sensing, earth observation, climate change, natural resource management (e.g. hydrology), environmental policy and sciences, forestry, land use planning or similar, 
 For all work streams: At least 2 years of relevant working experience, in particular on climate change and/or hydrology, 
 For the monitoring work stream: At least 2 years of relevant experience in land-use related remote sensing and/or data analysis, 
 Working knowledge of English, French and/or Spanish and limited knowledge of French or Spanish or Arabic, Chinese, Russian for COF.REG. 
 Working knowledge of English, French and/or Spanish for PSA.SBS. 
 
 Technical/Functional Skills 
 Please note that while these skills are desirable, the candidate does not need to cover all the preferred qualifications mentioned below: 
 
 Extent and relevance of experience in knowledge, education and work experience on climate change and peatlands / mangroves and land use; 
 Monitoring: Extent and relevance of experience in R, Python, and JavaScript, especially as applied to land surface monitoring. Use of Google’s Earth Engine is an asset; 
 Work experience together with national and/or subnational institutions; 
 Working knowledge of one or more of the local languages for the duty station country is an advantage (  nb.  for PSA contracts one language is acceptable, including spoken and written English / Bahasa / French / Spanish; 
 Skills or experience in: greenhouse gas emission estimates / reporting / verification; land use planning; hydrology; land and water management; mapping; training; policies; economics; value chain development and other related fields; 
 Statistical studies or experience with data analysis and quality control; 
 Work experience in more than one location or area of work; 
 Familiarity with the duty station (country to be mentioned in the application) and its peatlands and/or mangroves; 
 Experience of working together with a team, and independence to work under minimum guidance following the agreed work plan; 
 Preferred: Experience in compiling training materials, audio-visual materials and documents; and 
 Proficiency with Microsoft package, in particular Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive and other co-working platforms. 
 
 Search for:  Follow UK Tropical Peatland Working Group on WordPress.com 
 Categories 
 
 Conferences 
 Fieldwork stories 
 Funding 
 Job opportunity 
 Members' news 
 Panamanian peat 
 Peruvian peat 
 PhD Opportunity 
 Recent publication 
 Reports 
 Southeast Asian peatlands 
 Survey 
 Uncategorized 
 Wetlands 
 
 Our tweets 
 My Tweets 
 Our Facebook 
 
 Our Facebook 
 
 Archives 
 
 April 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 September 2019 
 July 2019 
 February 2019 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 May 2018 
 January 2018 
 November 2017 
 May 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 May 2015 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 forpeatsake  on  Report from the latest gatheri… 
 
 
 
 
 
 For peat's sake  on  Extensive peatland fires choke… 
 
 
 
 [C-PEAT update 
 UK T…](https://tropicalpeat.wordpress.com/2015/11/20/c-peat-update/) on  Extensive peatland fires choke… 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
