  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Lambeth, England 
 Rate:  Up to £250 per day 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Procurement Manager 
 Procurement Manager required ASAP based in Lambeth. 
 This role is on an ongoing contract. 
 The post holder will be responsible for planning, managing and co-ordinating the work of a category team tasked with delivering a category specific elements and projects of the multi-millionpound annual procurement programme. 
 Duties include: 
 Play a key role in shaping and implementing the procurement strategy for the category with a focus on collaborative working and partnering. 
Lead a professional category team to plan tendering projects and to negotiate and deliver value for money contracts. 
Develop and deliver a programme for procurement that meets service timescales, facilitates the delivery of improved services, achieves value for money 
 Experience required: 
 Educated to degree level and a professional procurement qualification e.g. 
 CIPS 
Substantial knowledge of current policy issues 
Detailed knowledge of contract management, supplier relationships and monitoring processes, pricing and financial mechanisms, risk management techniques and contingency planning. 
Detailed knowledge and working experience of managing tendering processes and projects, pricing and financial mechanisms, risk management techniques and contingency planning. 
 If this position sounds of interest, and you have the relevant qualifications and experience, please don't hesitate to contact me at jack.windsor@servicecare.org.uk, or call Jack at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £250 per day 
 
 
 Location:  Lambeth, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-30 17:49:26 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
