Skip to content 
 
 Student's Study Helper 
 Our purpose is to help students finding financial aid for their education. 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Scholarships 
 
 International Students 
 Canada Scholarships 
 Indian Scholarships 
 USA Scholarships 
 UK Scholarships 
 Japan Scholarships 
 China Scholarships 
 Germany Scholarships 
 Australia Scholarships 
 South Africa Scholarships 
 Developing Countries Students 
 
 
 
 Fellowships 
 
 
 Free Online Courses 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 About US 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Scholarships 
 
 
 Fellowships 
 
 
 Free Online Courses 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 About US 
 
 
 Search Here 
 Search for: 
 Student's StudyHelper 
 
 Student's StudyHelper 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 300 Full-Tuition Fee International Scholarships at Ton Duc Thang University, Vietnam 
 The Conduct Science Scientific Scholarship Essay Contest 
 Admission Guidance Essay Scholarship for International Students 
 GREAT Scholarships at Newcastle University for China, India, Turkey Students, 2020 
 Business and Management Postgraduate Scholarships at Queen Mary University of London , UK 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blog 
 Contests 
 Developing Countries Students 
 Fellowships 
 Free Online Courses 
 High School Scholarships 
 International Students 
 Internship 
 Master Scholarship 
 PhD Scholarships 
 Scholarship Programs 
 
 Australia Scholarships 
 Canada Scholarships 
 China Scholarships 
 Germany Scholarships 
 Indian Scholarships 
 Italy Scholarships 
 Japan Scholarships 
 Netherlands Scholarships 
 South Africa Scholarships 
 Switzerland Scholarships 
 UK Scholarships 
 USA Scholarships 
 
 
 Scholarships 
 Students Fair 
 Study Abroad 
 Sweepstakes 
 Undergraduate Scholarships 
 Women Scholarships 
 
 
 
 
 July 2019 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jun   Aug » 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month June 2020  (1) March 2020  (1) January 2020  (4) December 2019  (2) November 2019  (1) October 2019  (1) September 2019  (5) August 2019  (2) July 2019  (9) June 2019  (4) April 2019  (1) March 2019  (10) February 2019  (10) January 2019  (42) December 2018  (5) November 2018  (10) October 2018  (15) September 2018  (9) August 2018  (5) July 2018  (2) May 2018  (6) April 2018  (4) March 2018  (18) 
 Free Online Courses @ English@Work: Advanced Job Interview Skills 
 Once you have successfully grasped the foundation of interview success by completing English@Work: Basic Job Interview Skills course, how you persuade others to believe that you are as good as you say you are is now the challenge. 
 This job interviews course is for both native and non-native speakers of English. Native speakers will learn from industry professionals and recruiters about how to effectively answer interview questions. Non-native speakers will also benefit from the English language input. 
 
 Length:  3 Week 
 Effort:  1 to 3 hours per week 
 Price  : Free (Add a Verified Certificate for $50 USD) 
 Institution:  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
 Level  : Intermediate 
 Language  : English 
 Video Transcripts  : English 
 Course Start Date  : Self-Peace or Start on September 2, 2019 
 
 What you 'll learn 
 By the end of this course, Audit track learners will have learned how to: 
 
 prepare precise and persuasive answers to challenging questions 
 use verbal and non-verbal skills to impress the interviewers 
 perform professionally during and after interviews 
 
 Learners on the Verified track will be able to: 
 
 identify effective and ineffective answers 
 access instructor feedback and comments 
 evaluate their own answers 
 watch full-length interview videos with industry professionals 
 
 Course Syllabus 
 General information: 
 
 This two-part job interviews course guides you on the path to success. 
 Based on interviews with industry professionals and experienced recruiters, Part 1 focuses on Basic Job Interview Skills and Part 2 focuses on Advanced Job Interview Skills. 
 The course will run self-paced and will end on the 2nd of December 2019. 
 
 Goals and outcomes: 
 
 Once you have your professional knowledge and gained your experience, how you persuade others to believe that you are as good as you say you are is the challenge. Our instructors have had a 100% success rate in getting interviews and landing a job and we hope to share that experience with you. The course materials are designed based on our expertise as well as advice from accomplished professionals in the business, HR and academic field. Taking this course will bring you closer to getting that job. 
 The recommended course to take before this course is English@Work: Basic Job Interview Skills. 
 Keywords: job interview questions, practice your answers, extra copies, firm handshake, researching the company, good fit, interview tips, maintain eye contact, pay attention, minutes early, and answer questions 
 English@Work: Advanced Job Interview Skills focuses not only on improving your job interview skills but hanhandling challenging interview questions more effectively. In every section, the length of the teaching videos will not exceed 30 minutes. In addition, there are some simple online games, quizzes, and assignments. You are expected to spend about 2 hours in each section. 
 
 Learning objectives  : By the end of the course, you‘ll have learned how to: 
 
 Give impressive answers 
 Use non-verbal communication skills, intonation and word stress effectively to 
 persuade and engage the interviewers 
 Handle challenging questions 
 Ask appropriate questions 
 Act professionally after interviews 
 
 Who Will Teach You? 
 
 Jessica Xia: English Language Instructor, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
 Bee Dy: English Language Instructor, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
 
 Prerequisites:  None 
 Course Deadlines:  There is no weekly deadline for the assessment components. You just need to complete them before 11:29 p.m. UTC, Monday 2nd December, 2019. 
 Apply Now 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by 
 Student's Study Helper 
 The Student's Study Helper is a blog where we help all students by providing them best key informations about scholarships, contests, fellowships, financial aid and more so that they may get their career goal.   View all posts by Student's Study Helper  
 Posted on  July 26, 2019September 26, 2019 Author  Student's Study Helper Categories  Free Online Courses ,  International Students Tags  2019 ,  International Students ,  Online Courses 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Free Online Courses Sign Language Structure, Learning, and Change 
 Next Next post: Free Online Courses English@Work: Basic Job Interview Skills 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
