In Hushed Voices 
 Stories of spankings and other things you only hear in hushed voices 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Spanket 
 
 Alice 
 Diane 
 Ethel 
 Jessie 
 Julie 
 Rebecca 
 
 
 Willow Groove 
 
   
 Tag Archives: blowjob 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 otkipling 
 Posted on 
 November 10, 2014 
 Posted under 
 Belt ,  Intercourse ,  Oral ,  Over the Bed ,  Work Related 
 Comments 
 1 Comment 
 Collections - Part 2 
 This is a continuation of the story started at Collections.  The final part will be available on Friday. 
 Ellie spent a restless night, tossing and turning in the king size bed while her mind wandered to what awaited her. The shackle locking her ankle to the footboard didn’t help, as it kept reminding her of her status. The sun was poking into the windows as exhaustion finally overtook her. 
 She awoke to find Jerry unlocking the shackle around her ankle. Her head ached from the hangover starting to take hold along of her still exhausted mind. She covered her eyes, trying to focus on the man towering over the end of the bed. 
 “We have one hour before we have to leave for the airport. You can take a shower if you would like, but the door remains unlocked.” Jerry told her. They had a short jump across the channel to Heathrow then a good nine hours to Atlanta and another short jump to Tampa. By the end of this long day he would be finishing up with this case, and earning a nice bonus also. 
 Ellie gathered up every piece of clothing she had and stumbled to the bathroom. She started to lock the door, when a tingle of pain in her bottom made her think better of it. Instead, she stripped off her clothes, tossing them in a pile on the counter. In a ritual practiced by naughty young ladies for decades, she aimed her bottom at the mirror and twisted her torso to survey the damage. 
 “Ouch.” Ellie mumbled to herself, running her finger over the red splotches decorating her bottom. “That was hmmm…hmm.., not something I expected,” she thought aloud. Her mind went back to last night, the expectations she had when returning to the hotel room, the sudden change in Jerry’s demeanor and then the incident. The mix of emotions filling her head confused her. Embarrassment seemed completely logical, but the curiosity seems, well, wrong. Why was she so interested in such a barbaric act? It was wrong to hit a lady, but now it seemed so exciting at the same time. What was wrong with her? 
 BANG, BANG, BANG! “Hey, you better get moving; cause we are leaving in 45 minutes, no matter how you are dressed, or undressed!” Jerry yelled through the door. 
 The disruption startled Ellie out of her thoughts. She went straight for the shower, hiding behind the frosted glass divider as she peered around the corner, watching for the door to open. Her legs started to feel weak as she waited for her capture to burst into the bathroom. Thousands of thoughts raced through her mind as stared at the door. What would he do? Would he yell at her? Would he haul her out? Would he spank her again? Would he let her get dressed or keep her naked? Would he try to force himself on her? Would he spank her? 
 After what seemed like an hour to Ellie, but was only a few minutes, she relented that Jerry wasn’t coming in to the bathroom, at least in the near future. Turning on the hot water, she started in her daily routine, only to be reminded of the heat below when the hot water pulsated across her backside. 
 Ellie made due with the hotel provided toiletries as she went through her morning routine, pronouncing herself ready minutes before Jerry’s deadline. They took a black Mercedes to the airport. Ellie found it curious they took a town car instead of the Aston Martin, but figured it was just a rental for show and he’d probably returned it before waking her up this morning. 
 At the airport, Jerry led her to a side door inside the terminal. After winding their way through a few bleak hallways, they reached a VIP security checkpoint. Jerry handed over some papers, which the security officer read over, looked at him and Ellie then ushered them both past the metal detectors and into the waiting room. 
 Ellie fell asleep almost immediately upon getting sitting in one of the overstuff chairs. Jerry was glad, because this was typically the time when his targets started negotiate their release. Sometimes he’d humor himself and led them on, and let them think he was actually considering letting them go, even though he never had lost a target. It was a record he was proud of, and the primary reason why he got this higher profile cases with their fatter paydays. 
 The plane landed just long enough at Heathrow to allow a few dozen passengers to disembark and be replaced with new ones. Ellie had fallen back asleep after take-off and her slumber hadn’t been disturbed by the landing. Once they were back in the air, Jerry would be able to relax, and more important to him at the moment, use the bathroom. 
 “Ahh,” Ellie let out a yawn, stretching her arms as she returned to the land of the living. “So, where are we at?” she asked 
 “Over the north Atlantic, about 5 hours from Atlanta,” Jerry answered. The question was odd for a target. It was a perfectly normal question for a person waking up on vacation flight, but unusual for one of his targets. His targets were normally too scared for such a pedestrian question. 
 “Anything good on the in flight movie?” she asked, picking up the headphones in the seatback in front of her. 
 “Not really, just a rom-com and a Disney flick,” Jerry replied, looking at Ellie curiously. There was something wrong, but he wasn’t quite sure what it was yet. She couldn’t escape, even though he had removed the handcuffs after they took off from Heathrow. 
 She plugged in the headphones and played with the dials until the romantic comedy started playing on the tiny TV in the headrest. Jerry looked out of the side of his eye, trying to figure out what she was up to, but for the life of him, he could not figure it out. 
 The rest of the flight was uneventful, lulling Jerry into a false sense of peace. He was beginning to believe she accepted her situation and wouldn't cause any more trouble as the plane touched down at Hartsfield-Jackson. 
 Without any checked bags, the pair went straight for the customs line. The later arrival time meant there was almost no line. Jerry took the lead when they approached the customs officer. 
 "Name?" the customs officer asked as Jerry handed over both passports. 
 "Gerald Houston," Jerry answered. 
 The customs officer thumbed through one of the little books. "And your nationality?" 
 "United States." 
 "What was the purpose of your trip?" 
 "Work," Jerry said. 
 Ellie immediately added, "yup, just blowing up airports." 
 Jerry spun around on his heels to face her but his six foot two inch frame did not stand a chance when the marine national guardsman collided with his lower back. 
 "What?" Jerry cried out as he it the floor. A second and third guardsmen surrounded the pair, covering the with their M16s. Jerry attempted to get up but was summarily shoved prone. With his face crushed against the floor, he could hear Ellie giggling over the radio chatter of the soldiers and customs officers. 
 The pair were detained individually for the next four hours as Jerry's single suitcase was searched and they were interrogated by customs officers, a national guardsmen major, a TSA agent and a pair of gruff looking men from homeland security. Jerry kept repeating the same answers; "I am a bounty hunter. I a court order to retrieve the girl and bring her back to Florida." And the biggest one, "No, I am not a terrorist." 
 Jerry was relieved when suddenly the Major entered the interrogation room with some paperwork, including his and Ellie's passport. 
 "Mr. Houston, your story checks out. You are free to go," the major said, handing over the documents and passport. 
 "Thank-you. And Elizabeth?" he had assumed the whole job was FUBAR now, but it couldn't hurt to ask. 
 "She is handcuffed and waiting at the door," the Major said, holding open the door. 
 "Thank-you," Jerry said. He followed the officer out through the maze of hallways until he arrived at the exit, where Ellie and a TSA officer waited. 
 Jerry brisked Ellie down the concourses to there next gate, hoping the plane would still be there by some miracle. As with this job so far, miracles were not on the side of Jerry. The waiting area was mostly deserted and lone gate attendant stood behind the counter, typing away at the computer embedded inside. 
 “We are here for flight 169,” Jerry blurted out, slightly out of breath from 2 mile trek through the airport. 
 “Sorry sir, the plane just left the gate. I can check to see if there any seats available on later flights,” the gate attendant said told him, before returning to the computer behind the gate counter. 
 “Yes, please,” Jerry grumbled before glaring at Ellie. There was no question, he was mad and it was all Ellie’s fault. 
 “Hmmm, I can get you on a flight at 9:30 tomorrow morning,” the attendant said after typing away at the computer. 
 “No, that won’t work. It’ll be too late. What about other airlines?” 
 “I doubt it. There was some bad weather come through this morning so everyone had to cancel a few flights. We are all booked solid until the morning.” 
 Jerry growled at Ellie, who wilted under his stare. She knew missing their flight was all her fault and felt bad about it. “Well we are off to the rental car desk,” Jerry growled, yanking Ellie along by her arm. 
 
 “You have the blue Accord. Have a nice trip,” the sales clerk told them handing the keys over to Jerry. He took them and stashed them in his pants pocket before doing the same with the paperwork before taking Ellie by the arm and walking her to the car. 
 He summarily placed her in the passenger’s seat before locking the door and closing her in. A couple turns out of the parking lot and they were on the interstate, heading towards I-75 and it's path to Florida. 
 The lights of Atlanta faded in the distance as they took the interstate south. He had eleven hours to make the six hour drive and earn the bonus. A bonus that would go a long way in cleaning up some old debts. Worst case scenario, they missed the bonus deadline and he only got his regular retrieval fee. 
 He was making good time, with light traffic and not a cop in sight. They were about an hour south of Macon when Ellie said her first words since the incident in the airport. 
 “Jerry, why are you doing this?” Ellie asked. 
 “Cause it’s my job,” he answered without really thinking about it. 
 “So you are getting paid to take me back to Tampa? What if I doubled it? You know I have the money,” she asked. 
 He let out a chuckle before saying, “How? Your accounts here in the states have been frozen since you fled.” 
 “But I have friends and they’d loan me the money,” she responded with a little more attitude. 
 “No. I think I’ll just take you back and make my fee." He could only see a payoff ending poorly for him. 
 “Then what could I give you that would make you change your mind?” she asked, pulling the side of her blouse low, exposing a portion of her right breast. 
 “Sex?” 
 “If that’s what you want.” 
 “Na, I think I’ll just take you back.” Jerry tried keeping his eyes on the road, rather than the harlot in the passenger’s seat. She had caused him enough problems already. 
 Ellie puffed out her lower lip while tilting her face downward slightly into a quintessential pouty face. “You don’t find me sexy?” 
 Jerry let out a chuckle, keeping his eyes glued on the dark abyss of highway before the car. Ellie though notice a slight shift he had made in his hips, likely to relieve some tension she thought. Well she knew how to fix that. 
 Jerry was too focused on concentration on driving to realize Ellie undoing her safety belt or twisting around in her seat. It took a second for him to realize what she was doing, allowing her to get his pants open and start fumbling with his boxers. 
 “HEY!” Jerry yelled at her, slapping at her head with his right hand. She had already freed him when he hit the back of her shoulders. The light slap added to her downward momentum, encouraging her to take all of him on the first gulp. 
 Her mouth was even better than he remembered. She held him tight, letting him tickle her tonsils for as long as she could stand. Pulling off for a quick breath, she played her tongue across his tip, never letting him free of her warm embrace. 
 After the multiple sexual laced encounters between the two, Jerry found it amazingly difficult to resist her current attention. He was beyond rock hard and releasing the sexual tension was all he could think about. He would have better served to pay attention to the highway, for he completely missed the slight bend in the highway until the compact car was throwing gravel. 
 Jerry immediately swung the wheel to the left, trying to return the car to the road. Braking would have been a better idea, especially in a car with narrow sideways on its tires. The right front tire caught on the edge of the pavement, separating the tire from its bead, deflating the tire instantly. 
 “POOF! WHAP! WHAP! GREETCCHHH!” 
 The flat tire hit the road, popping the car towards the left lane. Ellie flew upwards, knocking his left hand from the steering wheel and landing across his lap. His right hand grabbed the wheel, and pulled right just as they entered the left shoulder. Correcting the car, he slammed on the brakes. 
 “WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING!?” Jerry yelled at her. With a gruff pull of his right hand, he thrust her towards the passenger’s seat. 
 “I’m sorry!” she cried, kneeling on the floorboards and resting her forearms on the passenger’s seat. 
 “DON’T YOU FUCKING MOVE!” he commanded opening his door. He started to stand up when he realized his pants were open. Hastily he stuffed things back in place and got out of the car. With the lack of light, he couldn’t make out any damage on the driver’s side. Rounding the front of the car, the problem became immediately apparent. The right front tire was completely flat and wrapped around the steel rim. 
 “Great,” he cussed. He made his way to the trunk, glaring at Ellie along the way. Getting to the trunk, he realized the keys were still in the ignition. This just irritated him more. Trudging to the driver’s side door, he ripped the keys from the ignition and hit the trunk release on the key fob. He started to toss the keys on to the seat, but rethought it when Ellie caught his eye. 
 Jerry had gotten all the stuff to change the tire when he realized the lug nuts would not come off. This revelation just pissed him off more. He just shoved the jack, tire iron and spare into the trunk before returning to his seat, planning on calling the rental company for roadside assistance. 
 He pulled out the rental paperwork before getting in the car. Unfolding the paper revealed a blurry mess of a document. Placing it in his rear pants pocket had caused it to slowly be impregnated by sweat over the last two hours. Calling the customer service would be impossible when he could only make out the first three numbers; 800. 
 “Fuck! FUCK! FUCk!” Jerry cursed, tossing the rental paperwork onto the dash. 
 “There looks to be an exit up there,” Ellie mentioned quietly. 
 He looked forward, around the corner in the highway to notice a glow beyond the horizon. This part of the state, that amount of light should mean a town. He didn’t seem much other option and started the car and started the slow drive down the shoulder of the highway. 
 A mile down the highway they come to a typical small southern town. Fast food restaurants and gas stations surrounded the exit. Jerry pulled into the largest station and went inside to ask the attendant about the tire. There was no one else in sight so didn’t bother with securing Ellie. 
 “We are stuck here!” Jerry announced returning to the car. 
 “What?” Ellie asked. 
 “The only place in town that sells tires doesn’t open until noon tomorrow.” 
 “Oh.” 
 "OH!? Your little stunt cost me five grand!" 
 "I'm sorry," Ellie mumbled, trying to act as innocent as possible. 
 "Just shut up and don't try any more shit!" Jerry growled, backing up the injury car. 
 He made the same slow, careful progress across the overpass to the only hotel in sight as he had down the shoulder of the interstate. Leaving Ellie in the car again, he checked in, explicitly requesting an end room. He quenched the night clerk’s curiosity with reference to Ellie being his new fiancé. Ten minutes later he was pulling the car around the back to the rear entrance. 
 The room was of standard US flair. A small, tile lined full bathroom was situated next to the door leading from the hallway, while mid-height windows lined the far wall. Jerry was slightly annoyed with the single queen sized bed; through he couldn’t really go ask for a different room with two beds. 
 “How deplorable,” Ellie commented, tossing the duff bag Jerry had made her carry in on the bed. “I bet they don’t even have room service.” 
 “Zip it!” Jerry growled at her, pulling the blinds shut. “You’re the reason we are here.” 
 “Whatever,” Ellie’s sassiness returned in full force. “I’m going to take a shower, OK?” 
 “Fine,” Jerry hoped some soap and hot water would clean up her attitude and make the night at least tolerable. A little SportsCenter would also help. It had been nearly impossible to find highlights of good ol’ American Baseball in Europe. 
 Jerry paid no attention to the extended period of crashing water coming from the bathroom. He had secured a pair of his cuffs around the doorbar, preventing the door from opening without first removing the handcuffs, and without an operable window in the entire room, his only worry now was her trying to kill him. Not a likely proposition when he had at least 100 pounds of muscle and a good 8 inches on her. 
 The whoosh of the bathroom door opening pulled Jerry’s attention away from the TV. Ellie stepped into the room, carefully wrapped in a fluffy white towel. The white contrast to her lightly tanned skin, forming a band from mid breast to just below her hips. The darkened ambiance of the room hid most of the explicit details, but Jerry’s mind helped him fill in where his eyes missed. 
 “You sure you don’t want to let me go?” Ellie cooed. She continued her slow prance towards the old man, stopping about four feet in front of him with a cock of her hips to the side. 
 “Yes,” Jerry growled in response. “I’m not letting you go so quit it!” 
 “Oh, quit being such a bitch!” 
 “A bitch? You think I am being a bitch for doing my job?” 
 “Yea,” Ellie responded flippantly. 
 “You think I’m a bitch? You’re the idiot who thought she could run.” Jerry shifted his attention downwards towards the TV. Trailing his eyes down her neck to the towel, he caught a glimpse of a nipple poking above the towel line. Immediately, his mind went back to the events of the club and more recently the car ride. “Unless you’d prefer slut to idiot? It does go better with the stuff you did in the club and the car.” 
 Jerry caught her right arm just short of her palm making contact with his left cheek. In a flash he was on his feet with, towering over the girl. “What are you going to do, spank me again?” Ellie let the words hang in the room for a moment before adding, “fucker!” 
 Jerry pulled her left arm forward, causing her to crash over the end of the end of the bed. Her towel flared away, exposing her naked bottom to the cool room air. In an instant he pulled his belt free of its loops. 
 WACK! The belt bit into her bottom, painting an exceptionally white band which was quickly replaced with an angry red. “Ahhh,” Ellie cried out. 
 WACK! WACK! WACK! Jerry whipped the leather across her bottom, getting an alternating response of groans and insults. Each insult just prodded him into trying harder. 
 Ellie’s bottom was scarlet and starting to blister when he finally dropped the belt. He was still mad, but his arm just refused to swing any more. A shiver of the upturn girl’s hips caused a visceral action in his loins. 
 He dropped his pants and moved between her splayed legs, intend on giving her exactly want she had been asking for. Squatting, Jerry plunged forward, driving into her until his hips bump her cheeks. The sudden intruder forces the breadth from her lungs in a drawn out moan which is capped with a sharp squeal when he bumps into her bottom. 
 He kept thrusting in fast, though long, hard strokes, causing her to squealed each time he hit home. At first it was all raw emotion driving him to fuck her as hard and rough as possible, but as the endorphins started to wan, and pleasure took over, he swore she was pushing her bottom back into him. 
 The force of Jerry’s thrusts slowly pushed Ellie forward, onto the bed. It wasn’t long before he could only reach halfway into her from behind. He grabbed her hips, yanking her bottom into the air and dropped her on her knees. This higher position allowed him to stand up, giving him tremendously better leverage. 
 Jerry wasted no time, and drove into her again while pulling her hips against his. The new angle tightened her pelvic muscles around him driving the sensation for them both to new levels. Ellie reached out, grasping two handfuls of comforter while biting a mouthful as Jerry started up again. 
 Jerry used every bit of frustration, annoyance and residual to pound away at Ellie, but biology can only be held at bay for so long, and a massive orgasm overtook him. He pulled her into his hips as he started to cum deep inside her. This drove her wild, wiggling and squirming from side to side. 
 The added stimulus at the height of his orgasm was too much for Jerry to handle. His vision started to fade, and motor skills failed. He slumped forward, onto her back before rolling to his right. In one last effort, he reached upwards, his left hand grabbing Ellie around the stomach while the other locked onto her left breast. As he rolled off the girl, he spun her around, ripping her grip on the comforter and landing with her in the reverse cowgirl position. 
 With the new position, Ellie didn’t stop her squirming, bouncing about on him. This was all it took for him to fully lose it. 
 Jerry woke a few minutes later to find Ellie slumped into a naked pile next to him on the bed. At first he thought she might be dead, but the clear rise and fall of the side of her chest alleviated those fears. After a quick piss, Jerry collapsed back onto the bed, hopping he would wake up alone. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 otkipling 
 Posted on 
 September 12, 2014 
 Posted under 
 Bare Hand ,  Implements ,  Oral ,  Over the Knee ,  Sexual 
 Comments 
 2 Comments 
 Collections 
 The beat reverberated throughout the club, imparting a life through the dance floor. Bodies twisted to the left and right, tossing sweat about. 
 Jerry's black sunglasses dampened the flicker of the strobe lights as he surveyed the dance floor from his alcove. He hated dance clubs, the strobe lights and damn techno music blaring extra loud, but work dictated his presence. With any luck he would be able to complete the job and be gone within the hour. 
 Ellie was the third girl to introduce herself to Jerry and his bottle of Cristol. He had quickly brushed off the previous two, but this one was more resilient. 
 “What? You don’t want to have a good time?” she snarked back. “Then why did you come here and order this wonderful bottle unless you wanted to have some fun? Com’on big guy.” She said drawing a finger to her lips. 
 Jerry scanned the young girl up and down. Her make-up was over applied, obviously trying to hide the fact she was a couple years too young to get in the club. It was a shame, because just across the border she could’ve gotten into any club she wanted, legally. He didn’t dwell on the issue, working down her body to the outfit which screamed something between slut, whore and rebellious school-girl. A short-sleeve white blouse was tied up under her bust, accentuating her cleavage while allowing the black lace of her push-up bra to peak out. The plaid skirt hide as much of her assets as the blouse, rolled over at the top to shorten it until the hemline revealed black nylon if she did anything but stood straight up. 
 Jerry knew better but let her sit on the couch next to him nonetheless. 
 “Aren’t you a little young to be in here,” Jerry asked, taking a sip of his glass. 
 “Yea, aren’t you a little old to be in here?” she shot back, pouring herself a glass. 
 Jerry nodded his glass to the school-girl outfit. 
 “Oh, the outfit is an old one from school. My girlfriends dared me.” She leaned closer to his ear. “You know, to have a little fun. I prefer something, ah.” She let the words hang between them, hoping his imagination was working in overdrive. “sexier.” 
 Jerry tilted his glasses down, to see if she was just playing things up. He’d seen the game before. 
 Ellie took it as a slight, “I see you don’t believe me. Order some more Cristol and I’ll show you.” She feathered her fingers down his chest. 
 Jerry knew it was a test. At a thousand Euros a bottle, she was feeling out his bank account. He’d bite, especially since his client would be paying for it anyways. The waitress went straight to the back once he heard the order. 
 Ellie sipped the champagne, decided to press him farther while they waited for the bottle. “I’m Ellie, and what should I call you?” 
 “Jerry.” 
 “Well Jerry, what do you do when you’re not staking out dark night clubs?” 
 “Ah…I’m in collections,” he answered after a moment’s thought. 
 “Collections? I’ve never heard of anyone it that. It must pay well?” she tried to ask nonchalantly. 
 Jerry laughed as the obviousness of her intent. She was here for his money and he had no problem with it. “You could say that.” 
 The waitress interrupted any further conversation with the freshly opened bottle. She refilled the offered glasses before asking if they needed anything else. Ellie didn’t wait for him to answer, instead standing up as she dismissed the waitress. 
 Ellie turned her back to him, cocking her hip to the side causing her bottom to stick out more. With two hip swaying steps, she walked around the small table to the velvet curtains hanging on each side of the alcove. The velvet cloth fell together with a pull of the sashes, separating them from the rest of the club. 
 Jerry considered stopping her. He was here for a job, not whatever she intended on doing. 
 Ellie flared her hips as she rounded the table. She stopped directly in front of him and placed a hand on each knee. She leaned forward until her lips were at his right ear. “Now, let me show you, something sexier.” 
 Jerry couldn’t help but look down the front of her blouse at the soft, tanned skin encased in black lace. With a gentle push, his legs opened and she dropped to her knees. Her hands were on his belt before he realized what she was doing. He leaned forward to sit down his glass, but she pushed him back into the cushion with one hand and freed him from his boxers with the other. 
 “Ooo, so perfect,” she purred as he pointed straight at her. 
 “Hey,” was all he could get out before he disappeared between her cherry red lips. This was wrong, so wrong, he thought as his lower mind took control of his body. 
 Ellie bobbed her head up and down a couple of times, taking his full length in her mouth. She went down hard, feeding him into the back of her throat as she reached up to free his balls. 
 Jerry didn’t know if it was his lack of a sex life, or if she was really that good, but this was better than he had ever remembered. She knew the right places to touch, at the right time and in just the right way. 
 She pulled back, freeing him from lips while keeping one hand messaging his balls. She looked into his eyes as her free index finger gently wiped a little spit from her lips. He allowed his eyes to slip shut, trying to clear the sensations from his head. 
 Ellie used the moment to take a sip of champagne, and then bury his shaft in her mouth. She worked her tongue around the bottom as the bubbles did their magic. A couple more long licks and she could feel his hips tense. She 
 Jerry was embarrassed at how fast he erupted. Barely ten minutes earlier this girl and walked up to his table and now he was spent. 
 “Oo, that was quick,” she purred, wiping a bit of cum from her lips. “Why don’t we go back to your place and see if next time you go longer?” 
 “Sure,” Jerry answered immediately. She got up and adjusted her clothes while he fixed his trousers and belt. Five minutes later they were making their way through the club to the door. 
 
 The valet pulled up in a silver Aston Martin DB9. Moments later, he was using all six gears on the rented sports car, flying through the tiny European streets to the Intercontinental. His firm had set him up in a suite there, albeit a small one; and he wanted to get her to his room before she changed her mind. By the way she stroked the leather encased dash, though he doubted she would. The car had put any doubts of his wealth to rest. 
 -- 
 She started in on the elevator, smearing lipstick all around his mouth. By the time the doors opened at his floor, she was in his arms with her legs wrapped around his waist. He had no option but to carry her down the hall, bumping into a table and painting on the way to his end suite. 
 Ellie broke her lock on his lips long enough for him to fumble the door unlocked. They burst through the door and Ellie instantly surveyed the room. It was obviously a suite, but probably one of the smallest. Maybe it was being paid for by his company, she thought. 
 She let out a little gasp when he pushed her against the wall. She took it as a cue to refocus on kissing for the moment. The grabbed his lower lip between hers and started sucking gently. He worked back at her lips, easing her down onto the side table. She started unbuttoning his shirt but was stopped after the second button. He pulled her wrists out from between their bodies, arcing them around until they met above her head. With his left hand holding her wrists against the wall, he worked his way from her lips over towards her earlobe then down to neck. She let her eyes fall closed, as she craned her head to the side to provide him better access. 
 She didn’t even notice the click of the handcuffs until he pulled way and allowed her wrists to fall to her lap. She wasn’t expecting the metal bracelets, but she was game for a little kinky fun. 
 “Ok Sweetheart, I think that is enough.” Jerry said moving towards the sofa. 
 “Ah, I you want to see my kinky side,” Ellie smiled broadly as she wiggled a shoulder at him as she followed him towards the couch. 
 “No, I have other plans for you,” Jerry responded as he pulled a manila folder and his laptop out of his brief case. 
 “What kind of plans?” Ellie said in her lower, sultry voice, running a finger down his chest as she sunk into couch next to him. 
 “Plans which involve those cuffs staying on you for a lot longer than you’d like.” 
 Fear instantly overtook her. “What? Let me go! Do you know who I am?” Ellie demanded. 
 Jerry picked up the manila folder off the coffee table and started reading. “Elisa Marie Montgomery, Ellie for short. Born December 25th, 1994 putting you at 19. Parents Franklin and Evelyn. Currently a sophomore at NYU. Oh, someone has been slacking in her studies. Ten credits short of being a junior after two years. Do I need to go on?” He tilted the folder down in a nicely condescending manner. 
 “Who are you? What do you want from me?” 
 “Jerry, like I told you earlier,” he answered, tossing the folder onto the coffee table. “And I’m here to collect you for my client.” 
 “WHAT!” Ellie screamed. She was being kidnapped! 
 “Hush!” Jerry commanded. 
 “No, you can’t!” Ellie yelled, trying to stand up. “AHHH! HELP!” Ellie made it to her feet and took one step towards the door before two large hands took hold of her hips from behind and spun her in an arc until she was facing the windows. She tried kicking, but with Jerry behind her, her aim was miserable. Nonetheless, she made contact with the side of his thigh. 
 “ENOUGH,” Jerry growled, gently tossing the 120 lb girl onto the sofa. “Now sit there and be quiet!” 
 “No! HELP!” Ellie cried out, wiggling back to her feet. She made it one step before stumbling forward, right across Jerry’s lap. “Let me up!” she cried, trying to knee his left calf. 
 Jerry was finally getting annoyed at this girl, and put his hand on her back, pinning her in place. She wiggled and screamed, just irritating him further. He hated when his female targets let lose those high-pitch screams, especially indoors. Jerry didn’t know what overcame him, but his next actions surprised him. 
 WACK! Jerry hand slapped into the nylon covered bottom presented him by the upraised skirt. 
 “No! Stop!” She yelled out. 
 Jerry spanked her again and again, enjoying the impact and subsequent ripples he was making across her pert behind. Her black nylon panties may have provided her some modesty, five years ago, but now just strained to contain any of her full bottom. 
 The sting being imparted on her bottom completely messed with her head. Her mind tried to tell her mouth to yell “STOP!”, but only a garbled mixture of ouches and ahs passed her lips. He didn't care as he painted her once porcelain cheeks, rose. 
 “Do I have your attention now?” Jerry asked, pausing to let the smarting in his palm die down. 
 “Yes, sniff, yes, just stop.” she blubbered. 
 "Good," he replied, resting his palm on the back of her thighs. For a moment, the man inside him took control, drinking in the erotic image presented him. The rounded cheeks flush with color, slowly heaving with each breath. The black nylon filling the valley between the mounds, before going south where it wrapped to every contour of her sexy. She was completely at his mercy. 
 A slight pain from his arousal straining against her side brought him back to reality. He pulled her upright, off his lap and onto her knees. Then, holding the handcuffs, he lifted her to her feet and summarily deposited her in a chair at the small dinette table. 
 Ellie looked a mess. Tears had run her mascara into to black streaks down her face. Her silk blouse was bunched up around the plaid ring of her mini-skirt at her waist. Below, hints of black lace poked out between her legs curled below her body. 
 Jerry took the remote, flipped on the TV then sat the remote on the table next to her. She watched him walk over to the closet before wiping her eyes simultaneously with base of each thumb. The handcuffs made it challenging to get her wrist wide enough, but she managed to clear the cloudiness which had remained from her crying. 
 Blinking a couple of times, she was shocked to find the room empty. Jerry had disappeared in the few seconds she had closed her eyes. She quickly looked around while straining to hear any noise, but she just found emptiness. Emptiness and the BBC newscaster droning on. Escape instantly crossed her mind. She slipped to her feet and started towards the door, grabbing her handbag on the way. 
 She got as far as the bathroom door when she realized where Jerry had gone. She froze in mid stride as he starred back at her with a toothbrush hanging from his mouth. Being at a lost for words was rare for her, but the blush sweeping over her face and neck spoke to her emotions. 
 "Ah, ah," she stuttered, trying to think of a reason for her presence which wouldn't end with her inverted again. "Ah, can I brush my teeth?" 
 He picked up one provided by the hotel in plastic wrapping and held it out to her. She took it with both hands and watched as he turned back to the sink and leaned forward, spitting out the toothpaste. 
 “Oh, and if you try to escape again, you’ll find yourself back over my lap,” Jerry mentioned as we walked past her, not even glancing in her direction. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 otkipling 
 Posted on 
 September 30, 2013 
 Posted under 
 Bare Hand ,  Intercourse ,  Oral ,  Over the Knee ,  Sexual ,  Wives 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 I wish he was lazier 
 I sat on the edge of the railing watching the traffic and tourists break my line of sight of it. I could get over its absolute beauty. I had seen many, probably tens of thousands before, but this one was special. The silky glimmer of the highly polished lamb skin leather 
 All that separated me and it was half an inch of glass, 20 feet of sidewalk, fifty feet of street and another 30 feet of sidewalk. All that and him. He wasn't actually hear with me after work, but he would know. He always knew. 
 I chewed my lower lip, contemplating if it was worth it. I had been saving for a year to get enough available credit on my Visa and I finally hit it with today's paycheck. I doubt he care though. He never cared. Well that is wrong, he always cares, which is the real problem. Sometimes I wish he didn't care so much. That he would loosen up, be a free spirit, like me. And as a free spirit, I'm going to say to hell to with him and get it. 
 
 Convincing myself that buying the handbag was a good idea should have been the first sign. The second sign would have been when the first credit card was denied. The third sign was the paranoia feeling at Tom seeing it laying around the house and asking questions. The third sign ironically was also my downfall. Well not the paranoia itself, but the fact that I left the purse in my car instead of bringing it into the house. Tom, being the diligent husband he is, thought I had accidentally left my purse in the car and grabbed it when he came into the house. 
 Some days I wish he would be a little lazier. 
 "Honey!" Tom called from the kitchen when he arrived home. He was home earlier than I expected. Tuesdays were normally team meeting days which prevented him from getting home much before 8. The small digital clock on the cable box read 6:55. 
 "Hi honey," I answered as he poked his head into the living room. "Your home early, did you have dinner?" 
 "Oh, yea. Let me go drop these in my office," Tom said. He was clearly distracted. Maybe getting home early meant he would have to do some work at home. I always hated it when he had to work in the evenings. No matter, I still preferred him here next to me. 
 Tom returned a few minutes later, still in his suit, though his tie had found a new residence. The slightly disheveled suit mixed with his piercing stare reminded me of a Polo commercial. My very own model was home, yum. I slide my legs from underneath me in preparation to spring up into my husband's arms. 
 "I noticed you accidentally left your purse in your car so I brought it in." 
 "Shit!" I thought. My purse was sitting on the kitchen counter, where he had to see it. 
 "That is until I saw your other purse sitting on the counter. The one in your car just contained this," Tom said holding up a the receipt. 
 I knew I was busted. I couldn't go down this easy though. "It was…was….a…really good deal…." I tried to explain. 
 "Really?" was all it took for him to break through my pitiful defense. 
 I really should have thought of a good reason for buying it on the way home. A forty-five minute trip and I hadn't thought of one good reason. "Sorry?" I squeaked out, standing up as he rounded the sofa. I knew what was coming and didn't involve me sitting on the sofa. 
 "I told you last week, we need to cut our extraneous expenses so we can afford a baby." Tom scolded taking the spot I had just occupied on the couch. 
 "I know." I nervously fiddled with the hem of the long t-shirt I wore as pjs. I'd been across his lap dozens of times, but always got so anxious right before the main event. 
 "You know, then you shouldn't have done it. This time I'm going to make sure the point hits home. Over my lap!" He commanded as he started rolling up his sleeves. I wanted to think how sexy he looked, but the intensity of his expression scared me a little. I dutifully followed his instructions, draping my torso over his lap and onto the sofa. 
 There are sometimes when this position feels good, like when he is slowly working those massage oils he got me for Christmas into by skin. He can dance those magical fingers over skin for hours, while I just purr at the wonderful sensations. I doubt I'd be doing any purring this time. 
 "I think these should come down, don't you?" He asked rhetorically as I felt fingers slide under my waistband. 
 "Only if you are going to massage below them." I replied. A resounding spank to my panty-cover bottom was my answer. "Ouch!" I cried as he lowered my panties to my knees. 
 "Now I think you are due a good spanking for your behavior, don't you?" 
 "Nope," I smarted off again. This time he responded by peppering my tushy with spanks. "Owe, Owe, Owe!" I squealed. He was being mean tonight and starting harder than normal. Even his bare hand was doing a fine job of roasting my tushy. He worked all around for a good few minutes before starting the lecture portion. 
 "You," SLAP! "Believe," SLAP! "Eight," SLAP! "Hundred," SLAP! "Dollars," SLAP! "Is," SLAP! "Fine," SLAP! "To pay," SLAP! "For," SLAP! "A," SLAP! "Purse?" SLAP! Tom loved accent every word of his lectures with a spank, which stung with his bare hand and was horrendous with the belt or paddle. 
 "No, sniff" I cried, wishing I could reach back and rub my stinging cheeks. I could reach back, but I knew from experience it just resulted in paddle time. 
 "Then why did you buy it?" 
 "I don't know…sniff…I looked so nice?" I managed to get out. 
 "It," SLAP! "Looked," SLAP! "NICE!?" SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! "Well I think we can just settle in there for a nice look spanking until your ass looks nice and punished." 
 Tom didn't even wait for my pleas of mercy before laying into me. And lay into me he did. All I could do was cry into my hands as I tried kicking me legs about a little while the fire built below. Eventually he figured I had enough, or probably his arm just got tired, but he stopped adding fuel to the fire and shifted to lightly rubbing my red cheeks for a minute before asking the question he always did at this point. "Was it worth it, Cadence?" 
 "No, sire," I mumbled as he put me on my feet. I immediately started to rub the sting away with both hands. 
 "So what are you going to do about it?" I looked down at him and thought for a moment. The fire below had peaked and he looked so damn good sitting there in that button down shirt and dark slacks. 
 "Take the bag back… and make it up to you." 
 The last part got him to rise an eyebrow. He opened his mouth to say something but I touched my index finger to his lips. He had his time to act, now it was my turn. I dropped to my knees, dragging my finger off his lips and down his shirt. In no time I had him as equally undressed as myself. 
 My spanking hadn't been as much play to him as I would have wished. My tushy hurt yet he was only firm. The later I would change in a moment, while the former worked its self out. With one hand on his balls and one on my clit, I went to town. I suck and licked while fiddling between my legs. 
 Damn I needed that spanking. I needed that emotional release. I need this sexual release. I need my Tom. 
 "Get up," he groaned with the gravel in his voice. 
 At the moment, I wasn't sure if my legs would work. Contractions had started running down my quadriceps in time with middle finger. Releasing him from my lips, I grasped him at the hips with my left hand and started to rise. It was an awkward attempt to stand, because righty wasn't going to leave it's sanctuary. 
 I got halfway to my feet when he gripped my hips and hefted us into the air. The sudden acceleration cost me my balance, sending my legs and both hand scrambling for something solid. I found my safety in his burly arms. He stood like an oak tree with me wrapped around his torso and him holding onto my sit spots. The next thing I felt was his tip dragging across my slit, looking for it's home. 
 The first stroke was all it took to reach my special space. 
 He wasn't happy enough though. Working me up and down himself overloaded my brain. All I could do is moan as he shot a fresh wave up my spine with each thrust. Finally he paused for a moment and shifted one hand to the center of my bottom while the other ran up my back to stop at my neck. His lips locked mine in a sweet embrace. The strokes began again, filling me more and more each time. 
 "Ahh" I cried into his mouth when he finally hit too deep. Opening my eyes I could see that intensity I loved in Tom's eyes. I was at his pleasure and would enjoy every bit. 
 He pulled almost out at my cry. he worked his tip in and out of my opening in a dozen quick thrusts. It was like I was being entered anew each time, and I like the entry the best. I couldn't help but allow by eyes to fade shut and return to my special space. The last thrust seemed to continuously enter, all the way to my cervix. 
 "Ahh" I cried into his mouth again as my eyes shot open. He didn't pull away this time, rather just held me there for a second. Then I felt the pulsations come from him, followed by a hot liquid shooting into me. He didn't normally cum in me, but the pill made it ok. 
 He stood there for only long enough to finish before collapsing back onto the sofa. I had no choice but to settle in on top of him. I felt so comfortable and safe, laying on my husband's body and enjoying the afterglow. Even my bottom felt good, in a warming embrace type of way. 
 "Honey, you got to quit intentionally getting in trouble just to get spanked." He said after a few minutes. Damn, I was that obvious. 
 "Yes honey." There was no way I was going to stop when sex like that followed. Even the discomfort at the end was worth it. It wasn't like him to go that deep though. "But why so deep?" 
 "You haven't been reading those books you got from the library." He punctuated his comments with a firm slap to by tender hindquarters. 
 "Ouch!" I yelped. I looked up, trying to appear apologetic. I didn't need a spanking now. 
 "Tst tst tst. I should spank you again for all that flak you gave me for not reading them when you hadn't either." My eyes got as large as saucers. We wouldn't, would he? "But that would result in a bunch of flaying about and you need to lay down now because the deeper the deposit the higher the chance of insemination." 
 "Oh." It took a second for me to realize what he meant. Once I did I couldn't help but jump into his arms and kiss him. He had gotten the job we had been waiting for. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 otkipling 
 Posted on 
 July 15, 2013 
 Posted under 
 Anal ,  College ,  Hairbrush ,  Other ,  Sexual ,  Sigma Epsilon Chi ,  Willow Groove 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Willow Groove - Grace Shue Reminisces with Sigma Alumni 
 Grace Lee's Home 
 "Is Earl Grey fine?" 
 "Yes, Thank you." Gretchen Shue accepted the saucer and tea cup. 
 "So tell me, how is he transition going? It was so great to hear Aunt Martha left you the house. We all knew it would get back to Willow Groove." Grace said, talking an oreo from the plate on the coffee table. 
 "Brooklyn was growing old. Adam was offered a nice retirement package from the city and I had enough time to retire also, so 
 "Amber getting into Myra probably didn't help." 
 "Oh yea, she was skeptical at first. Yale and Stanford where her top 2 choices, but the full ride really us convince her to go to Myra for undergrad instead." 
 Cling cling went the door chimes signifying the arrival of the Grace's two guests. "That must be Marie and Julia," Grace said getting up to greet her new guests. 
 "Sorry we're late. Melissa had to have a discussion with my hairbrush before I left," Julia stated taking off her coat. "I don't know what gets into that girl sometimes. It is like tomorrow is the first day of kindergarten, not her sophomore year of college." 
 "Well hopefully the hot heine will temper her behavior," Grace replied, taking the platter from Marie. "Julia, Marie, this is Grace, Grace this is Julia and Marie," Grace introduced before slipping off to the kitchen. 
 "Nice to meet you," Marie offered her hand, which Gretchen stood to shake. 
 "You as well," Gretchen replied. 
 Julia and Marie both took seats across from Gretchen and the sofa she was sharing with Grace. 
 "Wow, 20 minutes late. I didn't think I took that long," Julia said, noticing the time on the grandfather clock in the corner. 
 "So, you still spank your daughter?" Gretchen asked. 
 "Of course I do. And I will until she's married," Julia replied. "Didn't you grow up here?" 
 "Yea, I just thought that tradition would have ended long ago," Gretchen said. 
 "Ended?" Julia laughed. "I can't think of any tradition ending in Willow Groove, yest of all one involving punishments. Why break something that works?" 
 "I guess so," Gretchen conceded. 
 "Didn't your mother spank you until you got married?" Marie asked, nibbling on an Oreo. 
 "Yea, I hated those evil chopsticks." 
 "And it must've worked," Julia mentioned. "Thought I bet it wasn't as bad as the cane." 
 "I don't know about the cane, but the chopsticks were awful things. Much worst that the paddle in school." 
 "Yea, pledge week though was no walk in the park." Marie said. 
 "Which sorority were you in?" Gretchen asked. 
 "Sigma Epsilon Chi!" Marie stated proudly. 
 "Oh, me too, what year? I pledged in '74" Gretchen said. 
 "Way before my time. I pledged in '93" Marie said. 
 "Yea, you youngin's," Gretchen smirked. "Julia, were you a sister also?" 
 "Yea," Julia answered. She was quite taken back at the question. "I was a year ahead of you." 
 "You were?" Gretchen was puzzled for a moment. "Wait, is your maiden name Mason?" 
 "Yup!" Julia answered. 
 "Wow, I didn't recognize you. You were chubby and dorky in college, now freaking gorgeous." Gretchen gasped, covered her mouth in embarrassment. 
 "Yea, a year after Alberto and I married, I grew another another inch in all the important areas and lost a couple in the less important ones." 
 "She what you would call a late bloomer," Marie mocked. 
 "Alberto's surely a lucky man." 
 Grace returned with another platter of fresh vegetables. "Something a little healthier. So what did Melissa do?" Grace asked Julia. 
 "It was just bratty attitude stuff, nothing real big. I probably shouldn't have let it get this far but it did. We hadn't had a discussion since the fourth." 
 "Of July?" Grace questioned. 
 "Yea, amazing." 
 "Lucky for you, the twins have gotten two since the fourth. One was a real dozy," Grace said. 
 "What did they do?" Marie inquired. 
 "John caught them up at the river skinny dipping." 
 "John caught them skinny dipping! Wow!" Marie exclaimed. 
 "Yea, we both lit into them. There's nothing like a willow switch to get your point across." 
 "Lasted them until this past weekend when they got into an argument over some shirt." 
 "Ah girls will be girls. It isn't like we never did anything like that growing up." Julia said. 
 "Remember the sorority backpacking trip my junior year, when we 'accidentally' ran into the boys?" Gretchen asked Julia. 
 "I've never forgotten. I'm so glad we didn't caught. If my mother knew of half the stuff I did that weekend, I wouldn't have been able to sit for a year." 
 "Me neither. You know Lucy Caufield got caught. Her mom found a pair of men's briefs in her laundry," Grace said. 
 "She did? That's what she gets for winning at strip poker," Julia laughed. "It also explains why she disappeared for a couple of hours every Saturday morning during the following semester." 
 "Yea, I heard she spilled everything she did to her Mom and as punishment got the belt once a week until everything was amended for." 
 "Ouch! I didn't think we did that many naught things that weekend," 
 "Drinking, strip poker, truth or dare, skinny dipping, blow jobs, sex," Grace counted off. 
 "Wow, mine would've flipped out too," Marie gasped. 
 "You forgot the pine cone races," Julia said, smiling. 
 "Aaghhh, I don't know how you all got me to agree to that one," Gretchen squirmed a little. 
 "Tequila!" Julia pronounced. 
 "What are pine cone races?" Marie asked hesitantly. 
 "You don't want to know," Gretchen answered quickly. 
 "It's a relay like race. The guys run this obstacle course then fuck their girlfriend until they cum, slip a pine cone into her ass then she repeats the course without letting the pine cone come out." Julia explained, much to Gretchen's embarrassment. 
 "Ouch!" Marie said, covering her mouth in disbelief. 
 "Yea…we were dumb kids," Gretchen sucked gently on her left cheek. 
 "That's for sure," Marie nervously laughed. 
 "Oh come on, you didn't do anything wild and crazy in college?" Grace chided the younger women. 
 "No," Marie answered meekly. The blush gathering in her cheeks gave away the lie. 
 "Sure you didn't," Julia grinned. 
 "Noting really," Marie denied even as she felt her cheeks grow hot. 
 "Come on, tell us!" Julia eagerly pestered her friend. 
 "It couldn't be worst that what we did," Gretchen added her support of Julia. 
 "Kind of. Between my junior and senior year we bet the Nu Rho Delta girls we could get more pledge signups than them and we lost," Marie related. 
 "The Nu's got more pledge signups than you? They are still the nerds right?" Gretchen asked. 
 "Yea," Marie conceded. 
 "So what was the bet?" Grace asked. 
 "Hell week. All the Sigma officers spent orientation week under the same conditions as their pledges spend hell week," Marie said. 
 "So, I don't remember hell week being that bad when I pledged," Gretchen asked. "What? Bad food and a little paddling?" 
 "Nu girls are screwed up though. They basically lock their pledges in diapers for the week and spank them if they wet the diaper." Marie explained. 
 "Your kidding," Grace said. 
 "Unfortunately no," Marie admitted, to the chucking of the other ladies. "I think all five of us officers got spanked every day that week. The worst part was asking to be changed, especially when you knew it was wet." 
 "Why didn't you take it off when you were at the house?" Julia asked. 
 "They used these little luggage locks with a short metal chain around our waists. Tracey, one of the VPs tried to get out the first day and they found out. She squealed like a pig when they used that hairbrush on her. Then they didn't powder her when the diaper was replaced. She complained about diaper rash for two weeks." 
 "Yikes, I remember how much trouble Melissa was that one time she had diaper rash," Julia commented. 
 "I could imagine. Amber got it the first time I left her with her father unsupervised. Not a fun baby." Gretchen mentioned. 
 "Well we should probably get started on planning the alumni dinner," Grace refocused the group on the reason they were meeting. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 otkipling 
 Posted on 
 May 24, 2013 
 Posted under 
 College ,  Hairbrush ,  Oral ,  Over the Knee 
 Comments 
 1 Comment 
 Failing the Practice Exam has Consequences for Lauren 
 This is a continuation of the story The Perfect Tutor for Lauren . You should read it first. 
 "So did you ever sleep with that girl you mentioned last week?" Jimmy asked as he dealt out the first hand of the night. 
 I chuckled. Damn, they were starting in early tonight. I only had a single sip of my McCallan's and they already the dirty details. Well, I might as well start winning kitty again. "What girl?" 
 "You know what girl. That chick you mentioned last week. The one who gave you a blowjob after you spanked her. Did you get inside her?" Steve piped in. 
 I took another sip, looked at my pair of threes and thought, "I can make this work." 
 
 I finished the last problem of my last Fluid Dynamics homework when I noticed it was after 8:00pm. Didn't I have a tutoring session with Lauren at 8 today? A quick check of my Outlook calendar confirmed she was a couple of minutes late. No big deal. Maybe I could catch a few minutes of Chicago vs Minnesota before she got here. 
 It was almost half-time when I finally got a knock at the door. Lauren began apologizing before I even got the door fully open. She blabbered on about oversleeping or something as she walked in, holding her physics book tight against her chest. She was in her pink robe and matching bunny slippers again, which was odd, because except for the first session, she had wore blue jeans and a sweatshirt to every tutoring session. 
 "I am so sorry about being late. I was up late last night so I took a nap before coming over and forgot to set my alarm. Sorry for being late. I hope I wasn't interrupting anything." 
 "Not really," I replied after locking the door. "Just watching the Bears get lit up by the Vikings." I went over to get the instructors book for General Physics. Lauren stayed standing awkwardly in the middle of the room. Only when I turned around to actually face her did I notice she was still holding her things close to her chest and looking down at my rug while her left hand fiddled idly with her French Braid draped over the same shoulder. A slight frown and flush in her cheeks painted a picture of contrite. 
 "I'm really sorry. Please don't spank me." 
 She hadn't mentioned anything about being spanked since our first encounter. This is could be interesting, especially with how last time turned out. "Well, lets see how you did on the practice test. If you did well, I'll let it slide." 
 "Hmmmm…ok…." she mumbled as she dug out her practice test. 
 I sat down at my desk and took out the key. I quickly went checked through the 10 problems while she anxiously stood in the middle of my room playing with her braid. So damn cute yet so poorly performing. She got 3 of the 10 questions correct and half of them completely wrong. The practice exam was basically just a combination of the homeworks over the semester, most of which she'd aced. It was like she didn't even try. 
 "Three out of ten? Did you even try?" I asked. 
 "Not really. I ran out of time. I'm sorry. You going to spank me now?" she responded. Her hands instinctively shifted down her torso to her backside, trying to protect it from something she knew was going to happen. 
 "What do you think?" 
 "Hmm…yea…" she mumbled. 
 "Then get the hairbrush and get over my lap." I turned my desk chair towards the center of the room before sitting down. I didn't even bother to hide my erection this time. She fetched the hairbrush from the shower caddy and returned to my side offering the instrument of her doom. I took it then she lowered untied the robe sash and slid the pink Terra cloth offer her shoulders. She stood in a light purple camisole with seafom green cotton shorts. She arranged herself over my lap with her bottom pointed to the ceiling, just like the last time, except the green material stretched tightly across her bottom. 
 "Should these be here?" I asked snapping the back of her shorts waistband. 
 "No sir," she grumbled and reach up, pulling down her shorts and panties at the same time. I was hoping that would be the answer, but I would've let her keep them up so long as things kept progressing. She got them all the way across her bottom, but the front was caught between her hips and my lap. This stretched the elastic tightly from the crease of her bottom forwards to the top of her hips. It looked liked any moment the shorts would overcome the static friction and slip back over her bottom, interfering with my forthcoming task. 
 I cleared my throat to hint this was not acceptable and she got the hint. "Sorry sir," she mumbled as she sliding herself backwards off my lap until her fingers were free of the floor and the front of her shorts free of my thigh. She slide the shorts and panties down to mid thigh before sliding forwards and retaining her position over the knee. 
 I pulled my arm up beginning when she asked "How many sir?" I had completely forgot about the whole set thing that she was used to at home. Hmmm. If I gave her 1 set for each wrong answer that would be what, 7 times 18, which is 126. That is way too much. 18 seemed to be pushing it last time. What if I give her a set now then have her review and redo the practice test then give her another set for each new question she gets wrong. It'll make me seem like a good guy. 
 "I am going to give you 1 set of 18 now for not trying at your homework. We will then go over the practice exam and you will retake another one. I'll give you another set for each question you get wrong on the second one. Sound fair?" 
 "Yes yes, sir, thank you," she blurted out, and quite eagerly. She must've thought I was going to give her a lot more. Brownie points are always good with the fairer sex. 
 "Ready?" I asked. I looked over her shoulder to see her nod, swishing her braid over the top of her head. Well here I go again. I brought the hairbrush up and swept it downwards with medium force landing on her right cheek. 
 WACK! "Owww! one sir," she yelped. I repeated again with the left cheek then the lower center. She yelped for the first 5 before a low groan escaped her lips on the sixth. I could not tell if it was out of pain or pleasure. I started my tricycle again. 
 WACK! "Hmmmm pop! seven." she cried softly. I looked over her shoulder seeing her left thumb stuck in her mouth. Wow. She was sucking her thumb to prevent herself from yelping. It was oddly sexy. I think everything would be sexy at that moment. I continued on, drawing yelps from the individual cheek swats and moans when I swatted over her pussy. As I neared 18 a light musky aroma began emanating from her pink rose. At 15 I decided to shift to solely the lower center spots. 
 WACK! "hmmmgggppphh slurp! Haaaah 16!" she moaned, working her hips up and down rhythmically. 
 WACK! "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 17!" she moaned loader, not evening trying to muffle herself. Her hips were clearly grinding themselves into my thigh now. There was no doubt she was horny and wanted a release. 
 WACK! "Ahhhhhhhhh aighteen!" she moaned. She worked her hips back and forth a few times before she realized the spanking was over. 
 "Up you go," I said picking her up at the hips and setting her on her feet. The horniness must have abated enough because she became very aware of the throbbing that must be radiating from her bottom. I had spanked both cheeks a solid red color. She reached down, rubbing her bottom which dancing in place, not even noticing the view of she was providing me. Last time I may have touched it, but I never did get a good view of her pussy. It was tight and firm looking with pink glistening lips and shaved completely bare. It may have even been freshly shaved but I didn't get a long enough look. 
 When she finally realized she was bare on front as well as the back, her hands shot around front, cupping her sex. She turned towards the wall, before reaching down to pull up her shorts from around her ankles. She must not have realized the view she was providing from behind, because she was still cupping her sex from in front. I let her get them past her knees before I interrupted, "Uthm! Did I say you could pull those up?" 
 "No sir." She replied, her shoulders dropping, clearly dejected. She looked over her shoulder, "I just thought we were done with the spanking and were going to work on the exam." 
 "We are. Leave your shorts and panties around your thighs and kneel down on the floor." Her kneeling or sitting on the floor with papers scattering in front of her and I sitting on the futon was actually how most of the tutoring sessions progressed. She slipped down to the floor, keeping herself covered the whole time. I handed back her practice exam and folder, which she took with one hand. 
 I sat down to her left on the edge of the futon. She glanced over and stopped at my crotch. I looked down to see myself tenting my jeans. "I'm sorry," she whimpered, "can I take care of it?" 
 "That would be nice." 
 She reached forward and vainly tried to unzip my jeans with her left hand. After few feeble attempts she allowed her right hand to stray from her pussy and help out. My bugle pushed my boxer-briefs out of the new gap in denim. She saw this as clearly inadequate and reached up for my waist band, trying to pull the jeans down. I got the hit and stood up in front of her. My jeans dropped and she made sure the underwear followed suit. 
 She got up on her knees, but was still looking up at my member. I started to move back to the futon but she beat me there, scampering into a sitting-kneeling position on the futon. It alighted her mouth with my tip. I turned to give her full access and reached up to grasp the bunk bed over the futon. 
 She was not as apprehensive this time around. She gripped my shaft at the base then took a few long licks up it. A twirl around the tip then she looked up at me and engulfed the entire shaft. Damn, she was deep-throating me. Three seconds latter she relented and pulled all the way off with a slurp. 
 "aaah yeaaa" I groaned. Wow. She had went from the shy naive girl to a sex minx. 
 "thaatttsss ittt," I moaned when she licked from balls all the way up to the tip then swirled the tip of her tongue around the head. Electric shocks of pleasure were starting to overwhelm my mind. She bobbed up and down a few times while sucking all my energy through my dick. 
 "oooohhhhh." My knees were starting to go weak when she deep-throated me again. I had to hold myself up with the bunk bed as my legs gave out. She pulled up, leaving my head in her mouth. She got me locked and loaded but I didn't want to fire just yet. She had other things in mind as she took more in her mouth then sucked while polishing my head with her tongue. 
 "I'm goanna cummm," was all I could get out before shooting into her mouth. She did not relent like last time, and kept a firm hold of me with her mouth. This completely blew my mind. My arms, legs and every other muscle seemed just to give out. She didn't let go as I collapsed, pulling me on top of her on the futon. 
 The next thing I realized was laying on my side on the futon while she cleaned me up with her tongue. Damn this girl was good. It was the best one I had ever had. I laid there while she licked my shrinking member until she asked, "is that ok?" 
 "That was more than ok, that was fantastic." 
 "Thank you." She knelt back onto her legs, laying her hands across her crotch. "Should we get back to going over the practice exam? I really want to do better next time." She half smiled while reaching her right hand back to rub her bottom. 
 "Yea, why don't you get your stuff out on the floor while I get something to drink." I sat up, waiting for the blood to return to my brain before walking across the room to get something from the fridge. Rum, Vodka, Tequila and Coke. Coke seemed like the best choice. "You want one?" I asked looking at the blonde on all fours on my floor with shorts and panties still around her knees, getting out school work. 
 She looked up, "Ah yes please." I handed over the bottle I had just opened and grabbed another for myself. I scooped up my underwear and pulled them up before taking up position again on the edge of the futon. This time junior was taking a little rest. 
 Reviewing the material on the practice test went very smoothly. Lauren quickly corrected her fundamental errors, which lead to the wrong formulas and therefore wrong answers. The whole process went relatively quickly. 
 "Ok, it's about 9:30. I'll give you an hour and we can see if you improved? Sound good?" I asked, handing over the practice test from 2 years ago. 
 "Ok." she took the test and got straight to work. She looked a little awkward sitting in a seiza with her shorts and panties wrapped her knees while bending forward to work on the test. It was though quite sexy, with the pink tops visible visible when she leaned forward. 
 I sat back, watching my pupil at work when I suddenly remembered the late night campus takeout closed at 10:00 and I still had food points left. "I'm going to run over to Take-Out, are you hungry?" 
 "Oh, yea. Can you get me some chips or something. Doritos maybe?" She smiled up, just melting my heart. 
 "If they have them." I left the room as quickly as I could, keeping the door as closed as possible. I didn't want anyone to see Lauren right now. 
 
 "Full House boys! Read them and weep. I guess tonight just isn't your night." I chuckled laying out the Ace and Seven. I swept in the last of the chips, completing my sweep of the night. 
 "Oh come on, that's how the night ended? You going to get food and her redoing a practice test? BULLSHIT!" Steve said before downing the remnants of his drink. 
 "Of course it's not how the night ended, but we can get to that next week." I said smirking. I need to win back more money first, I thought to myself. My wife would be pissed if I didn't at least make some money while I this story. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Warning! 
 This blog contains adult content. If you are offended by such content, or not of legal age to view and/or consume such content please leave now. 
 All stories and content on this blog is related to adult spanking situations. All characters are at least the age of consent in their locality (18 in particular). 
 In no way should any of the content be taken as endorsing or condoning the spanking or corporal punishment of minors. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Long awaited update and 2 Questions 
 Ah, It's Halloween 
 Halloween Pranks 
 Collections - Conclusion 
 Love our Lurkers Day - 2014 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 60 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Story blogs 
 
 1001 Spanking Fantasies 
 Acknowledging Imperfection 
 Aunt Carla's Corner 
 Cane Me, Spank Me 
 Disciplinary Tales 
 Spanking Theatre 
 The Spank Shop 
 Voice In The Corner 
 
 General Interest Blogs 
 
 Chross 
 Hermione's Heart 
 My Bottom Smarts 
 The Spanking Blog 
 
 LifeStyle 
 
 Blossom and Thorn 
 Clear as Mud 
 Heart and Soul 
 
 Categories 
 
 Coffeemaker Conversations  (9) 
 College  (16) 
 Family  (43)
 
 Aunt & Niece  (2) 
 Fathers & Daughters  (13) 
 Married  (5) 
 Mothers & Daughters  (15) 
 Wives  (20) 
 
 
 General  (29)
 
 News  (3) 
 
 
 Implements  (55)
 
 Bare Hand  (10) 
 Bathbrush  (6) 
 Belt  (13) 
 Cane  (4) 
 Hairbrush  (11) 
 Paddle  (9) 
 Ruler  (3) 
 Slipper  (1) 
 Strap  (5) 
 Switch  (3) 
 Wooden Spoon  (4) 
 
 
 Positions  (41)
 
 Downward Dog  (2) 
 In Public  (6) 
 Over the Bed  (5) 
 Over the Chair  (3) 
 Over The Desk  (4) 
 Over the Knee  (16) 
 touching toes  (7) 
 
 
 Sexual  (17)
 
 Anal  (1) 
 Intercourse  (4) 
 Oral  (7) 
 Other  (8) 
 
 
 Uncategorized  (9) 
 Willow Groove  (11)
 
 Amber Shue  (7) 
 Sigma Epsilon Chi  (5) 
 
 
 Work Related  (5)
 
 Babysitting  (1) 
 
 
 
 
 19th Century   Adult Blog   Anticipation   Arrested   Asian   aunt   bachelorette   bare bottom   bathbrush   belt   bending over desk   bent over chair   Bent over table   blowjob   bride   bridesmaids   cane   Church   college girl   daughter   Desk   dorm   Embarrassment   Fairy-tales Spanking   Friends spanked together   girlfriend   group spanking   hairbrush   Hand Spanking   Hotel Spanking   Interupting a Spanking   Japanese   mother   mouthsoaping   niece   Non-Story   over the knee   paddle   parental spanking   Poem   Props   Reason for Spanking   resisting a spanking   restaurant   Ruler Spanking   school girl   Semi-public spanking   showing off spanking marks   Sisters Spanked Together   Sorority   sorority paddling   Spanked by Stranger   Spanked in front of others   Spanked on the Bed   Spanket   spanking   Spanking Games   Spanking implements   spanking leading to sex   spanking overheard   Stripping   swearing   switch   teaching assistant   Touching Toes   Vegas   Waitress   Wedding   Western   Wet Bottom Spanking   wife   Willow Groove   Witness a Spanking   Wooden Spoon   Work 
 Archives 
 
 February 2016  (1) 
 October 2015  (1) 
 November 2014  (5) 
 September 2014  (2) 
 June 2014  (1) 
 April 2014  (3) 
 March 2014  (9) 
 February 2014  (7) 
 January 2014  (5) 
 December 2013  (5) 
 November 2013  (8) 
 October 2013  (9) 
 September 2013  (13) 
 August 2013  (1) 
 July 2013  (10) 
 June 2013  (12) 
 May 2013  (18) 
 
  In Hushed Voices  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
