Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Weekday day positions Available! 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 WE’VE GOT A JOB FOR ALL TASTES 
 McDonald’s is recognized around the world as a leader in the quick-service food industry, not only for our delicious food but for our incredible people as well. 
 We are currently looking to build our Full Time Days and Afternoon teams at the 520 Oxford Street West location in London, Ontario. 
 Job Description 
 What’s in it for YOU 
 Access to our World-Class Training Programs & the potential to earn the equivalent of a first year degree in business. 
Competitive Starting Wages paired with regular Performance & Wage Reviews 
Paid vacation starting at 2 weeks per year. 
Access to benefits such as medical, dental and life insurance 
Platinum Card Program – including free meals when you are working 
Free uniform 
Free team outings and activities to attend 
Flexible scheduling that will allow for work-life balance 
 Qualifications 
 Job Requirements & Qualifications 
 Individuals that are Hospitality/Guest centric focused. Service is not about a transaction but it’s about making a connection and the difference in someone’s day. 
 Excellent verbal communication skills 
 Energetic and show a strong sense of work ethic and initiative 
 Ability to learn and thrive with new skills and opportunities 
 Ability to multitask and perform in a dynamic fast paced environment 
 Positive attitude and the ability to remain cool, calm and collective under pressure 
 Detail-Oriented individuals who pride themselves on accuracy 
 Desire to work within a team, working within a set of procedures and processes 
 Ability to deal with guest concerns and questions in a professional manner resulting in a positive resolution. 
 A SMILE that leaves a positive impression 
 Experience in the quick service industry and management are preferred 
 If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, then don’t delay – apply today! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
