
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Entry Level HR Assistant / Office Manager 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. And that philosophy has served us well in becoming Fortune Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
 Ninety percent of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions at Power, because we recruit, train, and retain talented people with a desire to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology and innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company that is dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 The Business Affairs Coordinator assists the Business Affairs Manager within a regional territory. The Business Affairs Coordinator is responsible for coordinating office operations and procedures, and championing organizational efficiency throughout their regional location. 
 CORE COMPETENCIES: 
 Must possess the ability to switch tasks with ease. Must be extremely organized, detail-oriented, and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Must be able to work well in a team environment, be self-motivated, and able to work with little direct supervision. Must have strong written, verbal, and quantitative skills. The BAM should demonstrate fervent communication skills and uphold a comfortable and professional atmosphere in the front office area. Must be self-motivated and have discipline. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Responsible for coordinating all office operations and procedures, and championing organizational efficiency throughout their regional location. 
 Serves as a strategic liaison between regional office and Headquarters. Including but not limited to HR, Special Events, Business Technologies, and Talent Acquisition. 
 Manages inventory of office supplies, paperwork, equipment, and apparel. 
 Responsible for pre employment communication, on boarding, and continued support for new hires within their territory. 
 Must be able to sit for up to eight hours per day, type on the computer for several hours a day, talk on the phone frequently throughout the day, stand for up to 8 hours at events or offsite venues. 
 Other as assigned by Management. 
 Some travel is required. 
 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree required. 
 
 WHAT WE OFFER: 
 
 $50,000 base salary 
 Medical 
 Dental 
 401(k)with a company match 
 Short term disability 
 Life Insurance 
 State-of-the-art training and support 
 Paid maternity and parental leave 
 Rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Free preventative health screenings 
 Opportunities to travel for leadership training and development 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
