  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Linux Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Linux Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/linux) 
 2 days ago 
 Desarrollo de app para Ios, Android, Mac, Windows y Linux 
 Published: 2 days ago  Deadline: 35 Bids: 8 
 Necesito una app de mensajería instantanea tipo whatsapp o telegram que pueda ser multiplataforma. 
 Tengo algunos archivos para revisón que son opersource. 
 Envía un mensaje para más información. 
 ================ 
 I need a messenger app like whatsapp or telegram, that can run in multiple platforms. 
 I have some files that are opensource that need to be checked. 
 Send a message for more information. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Social media 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  M. S. Last reply: 5 hours ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Linux system administrator 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Linux Centos VPS server: -To change and configure the current Master DNS in Centos -Implement sync/replication between master dns [new] and slave dns -SSL installation [Lets Encrypt] -Fix a document root missing problem -Fix SSL issue 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. O. Last reply: 2 months ago  Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 Senior Software Developer (Java/Python/Shell script/Django, Sql)  enterprise client 
 Published: 5 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 11 
 We're looking for a freelancer as follows to help in a project : 
~ Full-time position (work remotely) 
~ Expertise in designing, developing, testing, and deploying applications. 
~ Proficiency with application design and data modeling. 
~ Skills and Knowledge Required: Java/Python/Shell script/Django, SQL 
~ Have relevant experience of at least 5 years. 
 More details will be provided later. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  P. L. Malaysia 
 Open 
 5 months ago 
 Linux and dock expert with some database management knowledge 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 7 
 Hi freelancer, 
We are looking for Linux and Docker Expert with some database management knowledge. We prefer if you are located anywhere in Europe. Please bid a salary for 1 month and according to your expertise. 
 1. DevOps: Experience with Linux and Docker. Some database management knowledge. Backend: Requires up-to-date knowledge of Laravel and PHP 7.4+. 
Familiarity with SOLID programming principles. Database management experience, best practices, and normalization approaches. At least some knowledge of enterprise-level application architecture approaches and specifically Domain Driven Design, Repository pattern, Actions pattern. 
Experience with unit and feature testing using PHPUnit - Continuous Integration familiarity. 
 2. Frontend: Requires experience with Blade (html), scss and js. Specifically knowledge of Bootstrap style framework and Vue JS framework + some knowledge of jQuery. On the server-side requires experience with Linux and Docker. 
 Thank you 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. M. A. Last reply: 5 months ago  Cyprus 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 5 months ago 
 Server Based Block Grabber for an android program called Amazon Flex 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I am wanting a Server Based Block Grabber for an android program called Amazon Flex. Blocks are released by their server and I am trying to be able to grab them before they get out to other users. 
 You will need to install a proxy server onto a VPS. You will need to have this connect to the server to access the blocks for the Flex program/app. I need it to check for blocks between 10-20 times per second. 
Then when a block becomes available I would like it to be grabbed from the server to where an Android phone can then accept. 
 Ask me any questions that you might have. 
 https://uberpeople.net/threads/make-your-own-fast-amazon-flex-block-grabber-step-by-step.188718 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, Other, iPhone, iPad 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Utility - Utility application (flash, calculator, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  N. G. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 5 months ago 
 Web Ui app with integrated ffmpeg commands for transcoding live str... 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 14 Bids: 2 
 PHP/Python App need to be implemented with these specifications for Ubuntu Server 18.04: 
 1. web ui status page dashboard) 
- monitor for a number of total streams, active streams ( online, offline, kb/s bitrate ) 
- monitor for nvidia gpus status nvdec and nvenc load - exemple in  https://github.com/ngi644/datadog_nvml 
- Monotor for CPU, Ram and HDD load 
All Monitors need to have a history for load od last 24h 
 2. Streams page 
- Manage Streams: List all Streams, Transcoding Profile used in streams (info), Current and continious Transcoding Streams Output Bitrate ( kb/s), Bottons for Stream Start, Stop and Edit. 
 - Adding New Stream: Fill Name of stream, Fill Input source, Drop menu with choise for Transcoding Profile (already predefenied in Transcoding Profiles), Choise for Output Publish Stream ( hls or http, dependig the nginx settings ) 
 3. Transcoding Profiles 
- Manage Profiles: FIll Name, Edit, Delate Profile. 
- Add new profile: Fill Name of profile, Fill FFmpeg command (manualy addedd command for executing FFmpeng bin that will be worknig with the input and output provided in every single stream) 
Instalation of all dependeces and plugins will be manualy compiled, so just I need these commands to be executed from the App with input and output 
 
 Nginx 
- Server HTTP Port: Add port, change. 
- Security Whitelist: Add ip address; other ip address; .... (Add IPs that will be able to connect to output strems http port ) 
 
 5. Settings 
- Backup all settings 
- Restore all settings 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. B. Switzerland 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 months ago 
 4 assignments of programation & It Manager 
 Published: 6 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 0 
 4 Assingments [very Short] 
 Agent for Apache logs parsing 
NRPE server configuration file 
Frames Reconstruction 
Resource discovery using PCAP file 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Experience in this type of projects  : No (I haven’t managed this kind of project before) 
 Roles needed  : Other 
 Other roles needed  : 4 assignments 
 Published by:  P. J. Last reply: 6 months ago  Portugal 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
