Trend Personnel Services 
 ~ Setting the TREND in the Staffing Industry. ™ 
 Search: 
   
 Tag Archives:  job search 
 Preemployment inquiries under the FMLA and ADA: What's prohibited? 
 [ 
 20   Tuesday  Oct 2015 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2015/10/20/preemployment-inquiries-under-the-fmla-and-ada-whats-prohibited/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Hiring ,  Interviews 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 ada ,  Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) ,  applying for jobs in dallas ,  asking a job candidate ,  dallas temp jobs ,  discriminatory ,  employers prohibited from asking ,  Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) ,  fmla ,  FMLA and ADA ,  hiring process ,  job applicant ,  job search ,  leave rights ,  Preemployment inquiries ,  reasonable accommodation ,  rockwall jobs ,  trend personnel ,  What's prohibited 
 by BLR 
 What questions are employers prohibited from asking a job candidate under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)? 
 Preemployment inquiries and the ADA 
 Under the ADA, an employer may not ask about the existence, nature, or severity of a disability until the employer has made the applicant a conditional job offer. 
 However, an employer may describe to applicant what the hiring process involves (e.g., a written test) and ask him or her whether he or she will need a reasonable accommodation for the hiring process. 
 An employer may also ask a job applicant if he or she needs a reasonable accommodation, if the employer knows that this applicant has a disability—either because it is obvious or the applicant has voluntarily disclosed the information—and could reasonably believe that the applicant will need a reasonable accommodation. 
 Likewise, an employer may inquire about an applicant’s ability to perform job-related functions, with or without reasonable accommodation. This can be accomplished by describing a particular job duty (e.g., carrying 50-pound bags from a loading dock)—and then asking whether the applicant can perform that function or demonstrate how to perform it. 
 Preemployment inquiries and the FMLA 
 There are no specific FMLA statutory or regulatory requirements regarding preemployment inquiries. However, it is not advisable to ask about leave previously taken, because the question could indicate discriminatory intent or an intent to retaliate against the employee’s protected exercise of leave rights. 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/administrator/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&cid=153 
 The Cutting Edge of Employment Branding 
 [ 
 30   Wednesday  Sep 2015 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2015/09/30/the-cutting-edge-of-employment-branding/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Recruiting 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 employee performance ,  Employment Branding ,  high-performing ,  internal branding ,  job search ,  recruiting and retention strategy ,  staffing agency dfw ,  TPS ,  trend personnel dallas 
 _by Stephen Bruce & John Sullivan _ | BLR 
 During a recent webinar, BLR® asked Dr. John Sullivan, professor, author, corporate speaker, and advisor, a number of questions about employment branding. Today we present a portion of that interview. 
 Q: Would you help us understand the importance and impact of employment branding in today’s business environment? 
 A:  Employment branding is the only long-term recruiting and retention strategy, so you [should] use it to build what employees … and others say about you. Seventy-five percent of people in the U.S. would not take a job with a company with a bad employment brand even if they were unemployed, and 87 percent would consider leaving their current job if they were offered a job at a company with a strong brand. 
 Well-branded firms can improve applicant quality by 54 percent, quality of hire by 9 percent and, in some cases, the firms with a strong employment brand [see] their stock prices increase as much as 10 times more than the standard employer. You get higher offer acceptance rates, so when people know positive things about your company, they just say “Yes” to your offers more. 
 If you have a negative internal brand, it turns out your employees talk to your customers, and they don’t say nice things. Therefore, having a negative internal brand costs you money. In a highly competitive marketplace with so many firms competing for the same talent, your image is everything. 
 Without an image, or without managing that image, you’re certainly not going to have great results. Especially in recruiting, we target fully employed people—people that are doing really well—innovators. Well, those people are not attracted to job postings. The only way to get them is to write a branding message, or [to] have your company written up., Amazon [learned] how important a brand is. Well, they just went through a lot of turmoil because some employees said some negative things—[that’s] a current example of the impact on sales, on recruiting, [and] on retention. 
 Q: Maybe you could share some thoughts on what actions can help companies be successful with their internal branding? 
 A:  Well, the first thing you have to realize is that we’re in a very connected world. So when you have an employee who is unhappy, not only will they know, but every other employee will know—whether through mobile phone or text. They’ll also post it externally. So if you want to improve retention and certainly as I mentioned earlier, sales, if your customers are unhappy, and someone says, “Oh, tell me about that,” [your employees are] going to say negative things, and it’s going to hurt your sales. 
 The first thing you want to do is measure your…internal brand strength. What [things] do your employees say about you, both positive and negative? You want that ratio, obviously, to have more positives than negatives. Anonymous employee websites or surveys allow employees to have complaints [and] to say things without their name[s] coming up. That helps them vent, which means that they won’t say bad things to others and customers if they get a chance to vent—especially if someone answers their question or gives them information. 
 Spreading stories is one of the best ways to get referrals, but it also impacts retention. So, if you have what we call a “story inventory” of all the great things and practices your firm does and employees see it when they are in the process of making a referral, they build their pride, they build their knowledge, they build their understanding and say, “Hey, our firm is pretty good.” 
 Getting on lists of best places to work—LinkedIn, Fortune, those kinds of things—also builds image because everyone asks them “What’s it like to work there?” And, you know, people at Apple, for example, get hundreds of people asking, “What’s it like to work there?” Where, at a less-desirable firm, you wouldn’t get that. 
 The last thing you need to realize is that only 20 percent of the information that people get about a firm comes from the firm. The other 80 percent comes from some other place, and that other place is not owned or controlled by you. You can have an employee newsletter where you can say all these things that are great, but it’s getting 80 percent of its information from some other place, which might cite something [contrary]. 
 Q: To what extent do you recommend gearing programs toward high-performing employees, or do you recommend it at all? 
 A:  I definitely do—it’s critical. When you look at all employees, you know, Homer Simpson just doesn’t produce as much as a top performer. Apple found … that top performers produce between 10 and 25 times, not percent, but  times  more [than average employees]. So obviously, you want to focus your internal and external brand message on your top-performing employees. 
 It turns out that most of the people you want to attract are currently treated well [and] are currently employed. So an employer brand can bring people who work at another firm and get them to consider your firm. But top performers have different requirements, so they might want to create work, or they might want to innovate where Homer might want donuts or something. If you want to attract top performers it turns out there’s data that show they will bring 3 to 5 other people with them [to your firm]. When you count the ROI of branding [not only do] you get a top performer [and] an innovator but also 3 to 5 people. 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/en/news/item/151-the-cutting-edge-of-employment-branding 
 3 Tips for Keeping Your Spirits Up During a Lengthy Job Search 
 [ 
 18   Tuesday  Nov 2014 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2014/11/18/3-tips-for-keeping-your-spirits-up-during-a-lengthy-job-search/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Applying for a Job 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 dallas staffing ,  dallas temporary staffing ,  dfw area jobs ,  finding a new job ,  hiring process ,  hiring professionals ,  interviews ,  job search ,  rockwall jobs ,  trend personnel services 
 by Gina Belli 
 Looking for a work can be the hardest job you’ll ever have, and sometimes it can go on for quite a while. It can be a daunting, frustrating, humbling, and nerve-racking experience to search month after month for the right opportunity. New research suggests that having a positive attitude can have a profound impact on your job search. 
 You’ll be happier, more optimistic, and have more energy if you have a good attitude during this time. It will help you stay motivated and allow you to put your best foot forward during interviews and throughout the hiring process. 
 Here are a few tips. 
 1. Schedule your job search like it’s a job. 
 Set a schedule for yourself. Decide when you’ll look for work and where you’ll do it. This can be essential when you’re already working, in order to put in the necessary time at the end of the day and on weekends to pursue your search. But, even if you’re looking for work full-time, scheduling a time and place for your job hunt will help you stay on track. Some people find that spending time in a public place, like a library or cafe, can help them enjoy the process a little more, and it can also help with focus and motivation. 
 2. Allow yourself to take mental breaks for the process. 
 When you’re not looking for work, in the evenings for example, try to give yourself a rest from thinking about it. You know that you’re putting time and effort into it, and you know you’ll be back at it tomorrow, so spend some time thinking about other things and giving yourself a break intellectually and emotionally from the process. 
 3. Know that it could take awhile. 
 For professionals, finding a new job generally takes anywhere from six months to two years. Various factors contribute to the duration, but either way you cut it, this could take some time. Try not to get frustrated or discouraged if you don’t land on something great right away. You want to find a job that is the right fit for you, and that takes time. 
 Once you know that you’re putting the appropriate amount of time into your search, that you’re allowing yourself to take breaks, and that it could take a while, try to find a way to enjoy this time. There are probably opportunities available to you now, because of your flexibility, that won’t be there once you land that new and exciting position. Try to take advantage of those opportunities and enjoy this time. Keeping your spirits up during a job search isn’t easy, but it could be the key to finding and landing the job you’re looking for. 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/en/news/item/140-3-tips-for-keeping-your-spirits-up-during-a-lengthy-job-search 
 How to Rehearse for Your Next Job Interview 
 [ 
 29   Tuesday  Jul 2014 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2014/07/29/how-to-rehearse-for-your-next-job-interview/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Applying for a Job ,  Interviews 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 body language ,  elevator speech ,  getting the job ,  interview questions ,  Job Interview ,  job search ,  overview of your career ,  Would you hire you 
 By Caroline M.L. Potter | Monster 
 There are a lot of steps that usually happen before you get to the interview portion of your job search: writing a resume, networking, compiling your references. Most folks are able to put a lot of effort into getting the interview, but many fall apart during the actual interview. Why? Poor planning and a lack of practice. 
 Instead of winging it, or relying solely on your professional skill set, you should stage a rehearsal for your next job interview. 
 Not sure how to go about doing so? Start by enlisting a family member, friend or partner to play the role of interviewer, and ask that she stay in character from start to finish. Set up a space, such as a desk or table, where you can create a suitable setting. Then use these 10 tips to from corporate trainer Marlene Caroselli to make your interviews -- both mock and real -- successful. 
 Do Your Homework 
 "Learn all you can about the organization in advance," advises Caroselli. Share this information with your mock interviewer, perhaps in the form of crib notes. She can use this to grill you. 
 Tune In 
 "Watch people being interviewed on television and make note of what works," she advises. Look for traits that make people likable and competent. 
 State the Unobvious 
 "Create one really intriguing statement about yourself," she says. "For example, a woman I know, expecting to be told, 'Tell us a bit about yourself [the most popular interview question],' replied, 'I think I should tell you I'm a nonconforming conformist.' She explained what she meant and wound up getting the job." 
 Think Outside the Box 
 A little visualization can go a long way, according to Caroselli, author of Principled Persuasion. "Think about a visual that really represents what you can do," she says. "It can be a photo taken at an event you organized, for example. If you have nothing that symbolizes your capabilities, then look for a pattern not readily apparent in your resume and be prepared to talk about that particular interest or talent, apart from your official work history." 
 Know Your Lines 
 Actors do it, and you should, too. "Memorize a few short quotes and have them ready," Caroselli says. "They'll help you respond articulately to virtually any question." 
 Sum It Up 
 The very first request an interviewer may make is, "Tell me about yourself." In order to answer this interview question quickly and succinctly, she urges interviewees, "Have an elevator speech ready in case they want a brief overview of your career." 
 Be Tough on Yourself 
 Research tough interview questions and provide them to your helper. Also, point out gaps in your skills or holes in your resume and instruct her to grill you on those points. "By comparison, your own, actual interview will seem like a walk in the park, and that prospect will encourage you," Caroselli says. 
 Capture It on Camera 
 "If possible, have someone video you doing an interview rehearsal," she says. "Then study your body language to see if it reveals confidence, poise and enthusiasm." 
 Listen Up 
 Close your eyes and listen back to the recording of your replies to interview questions. "Play the tape back and analyze your responses," she says. "Ask yourself, 'Would you hire you?'" 
 Stay Calm 
 Work on being relaxed before your big meeting. "When you get to the interview site and are waiting to be called in to the interview room, work on a brainteaser," Caroselli advises candidates. "Research shows it calms the nerves and takes your mind off the challenge ahead." 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/en/news/item/129-how-to-rehearse-for-your-next-job-interview 
 What Interview Questions Reveal About the Interviewer 
 [ 
 30   Friday  May 2014 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2014/05/30/what-interview-questions-reveal-about-the-interviewer/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Uncategorized 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 analytical job ,  common interview questions ,  dfw jobs ,  Interview preparation ,  interview questions ,  job requirements ,  job search ,  locating professionals ,  placement agency in Dallas ,  Reveal About the Interviewer ,  rockwall careers ,  Tell me about a time ,  TPS ,  trend personnel 
 by Dona DeZube | Monster 
 Interview preparation most often focuses on the job requirements and the candidates. 
 Equally revealing are the interview questions that you choose to ask during the interview process. These questions often reveal something of your company culture, your management style and your perception of the job. 
 We asked interview experts to flip the most common interview questions and explain what they say to job seekers. 
 Consider these interview questions: 
 Tell me about a time in which you helped others to succeed at a project. 
 Tell me about a time when you innovated at work. 
 “The first question lets the applicant know that the company cares about collaboration and teamwork, the second that the company cares about creativity and motivation,” says Professor Angelo Kinicki, an expert in organizational culture at Arizona State University’s W.P. Carey School of Business. 
 Tell me about policies or standards you’ve developed. 
 This inquiry tells the candidate your company is inclusive and is interested in the value the candidate can add, Barry Drexler of Drexler Coaching, New York. 
 What procedures do you follow in your current position? Tell me about a time when you didn’t follow policy. What happened? How structured is your current workplace? 
 These types of interview questions tell the job candidate that you’re keen on structure, procedures and standards, Drexel says. They say you need someone who can follow instructions and comply with rules. 
 What’s your vision? Where do you think our company should go in the future? How would you shape this role? 
 These types of interview questions signal that the job is strategic and likely high-level. “They show your company is interested in organic growth,” Drexler says. 
 How many ping pong balls would it take to fill a 747 Jet? 
 If you’re conducting an interview for an analytical job, you’ll likely include this type of question. 
 If you want to show that you respect careful thinking and analysis, say nothing to fill the silence that often follows analytical interview questions. “You’re demonstrating you’re comfortable in your own element and you need someone who can think through an issue before jumping in,” Peterson says. 
 Are you willing to work overtime? Are you okay with being contacted in off hours? 
 This interview question alerts candidates to the fact that this isn’t a 9 to 5 position. “It’s a good question if the job requires extensive overtime,” Drexler says. But, this question can also be a turn off, so don’t ask about overtime unless the job requires it. 
 Tell me about ideas that you’ve generated and how you shared them. What do you contribute to your current team that’s added value? 
 This question says your company culture is collaborative -- people are willing to share ideas -- and the job requires teamwork, Drexler says. 
 What’s the biggest misconception that people have about you and why? 
 This is a “zinger” question that can throw people off, Peterson says. They show you’re looking for people who don’t mind being uncomfortable -- and that you value the ability to think on the fly. 
 What’s the takeaway from all this analysis? 
 When conducting an interview, think about your interview questions from the job seeker's viewpoint. 
 By considering your choice of interview questions before you conduct an interview, you'll be certain that your final list of questions accurately reflects the job opening, your company and your own management style. 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/en/news/item/121-what-interview-questions-reveal-about-the-interviewer 
 10 Outrageous Things Applicants Have Done that Did & Didn’t Work 
 [ 
 25   Tuesday  Feb 2014 
 ](https://trendpersonnel.wordpress.com/2014/02/25/10-outrageous-things-applicants-have-done-that-did-didnt-work/) 
 Posted  by  trendhr  in  Applying for a Job ,  Hiring ,  Interviews 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 apply now ,  dallas staffing ,  dfw area jobs ,  interview tips ,  job search ,  north texas jobs ,  temporary jobs ,  work today dallas 
 by Elaine Quayle 
 Candidates want to stand out from the crowd and be memorable. However, sometimes their outside-the-box methods work, and sometimes they just bomb. 
 “Employers typically aren’t looking for the most outrageous candidate, they’re looking for the best fit,” said Rosemary Haefner, vice president of human resources at CareerBuilder. “Thinking outside the box is great, but the stunts that work best are the ones that showcase your relevant skills and abilities. The focus of the interview should be why you would be a great addition to the team, and not what you’re willing to do to get noticed.” 
 10 most outrageous things that worked: 
 
 Candidate contracted a billboard outside of the employer’s office. 
 Candidate gave a résumé on a chocolate bar. 
 Candidate showed up in a suit with a red T-shirt underneath a white shirt. The red T-shirt had a message—“Hire me, I work hard.” 
 Candidate asked to be interviewed in Spanish to showcase his skills. 
 Candidate crafted the cover letter like an invitation (similar to a wedding invitation) to hire her. 
 Candidate climbed on a roof the employer was repairing and asked for a job. 
 Candidate performed a musical number on the guitar about why he was the best candidate. 
 Candidate volunteered to help out with making copies when he saw interviewer’s assistant was getting frazzled. 
 Candidate repaired a piece of the company’s equipment during the first interview. 
 Candidate sent a message in a bottle. 
 
 10 Most outrageous things that  didn’t  work: 
 
 Candidate backflipped into the room. 
 Candidate brought items from the interviewer’s online shopping wish list. 
 Candidate sent a fruit basket to interviewer’s home address (which the interviewer had not given her). 
 Candidate did a tarot reading for the interviewer. 
 Candidate dressed as a clown. 
 Candidate sent the interviewer some beef stew with a note saying, “Eat hearty and hire me—J.” 
 Candidate placed a timer on the interviewer’s desk, started it, and told the interviewer he would explain in 3 minutes why he was the perfect candidate. 
 Candidate sent the interviewer a lotto ticket. 
 Candidate wore a fluorescent suit. 
 Candidate sent in a shoe to “get his foot in the door.” 
 
 http://trendpersonnel.com/index.php/en/news/item/109-10-outrageous-things-applicants-have-done-that-did-didn-t-work 
 Recent Posts 
 
 KEY TRENDS IN RECRUITING TO IDENTIFY, ENGAGE, AND HIRE TOP TALENT 
 Preemployment inquiries under the FMLA and ADA: What's prohibited? 
 Look Behind the Credentials: Find Candidates with Multiple Skillsets 
 The Cutting Edge of Employment Branding 
 Why Conduct Background Checks on Potential Employees? 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 KEY TRENDS IN RECRUITING TO IDENTIFY, ENGAGE, AND HIRE TOP TALENT 
 Preemployment inquiries under the FMLA and ADA: What's prohibited? 
 Look Behind the Credentials: Find Candidates with Multiple Skillsets 
 The Cutting Edge of Employment Branding 
 Why Conduct Background Checks on Potential Employees? 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
