Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Succeed: Listen More 
 Mike Martin    19th November    Communication   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Succeed%3A%20Listen%20More%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fhow-to-listen%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Far too many of us talk a lot but  listen very little . 
 That probably means that we aren’t hearing all of the information that people are trying to provide to us. 
 It might mean that we are actually missing quite a lot. 
 Active  listening  can help us to both hear and learn more. It doesn’t mean that we can’t speak, but almost all can profit from listening to what others — especially our work colleagues — are trying to  communicate  to us. 
 The fact is that listening is one of the most important and under-rated skills you can have. How well you listen has a major impact on your job effectiveness and on the quality of your  relationships  with others. 
 We listen to  music  for pleasure, but we also listen to get information and to understand. We listen to learn, and while many of us think that learning stops when we leave school, the reality is that this is a  life-long  process, and the smart ones have figured that out. 
 Some studies have suggested that we only take in and remember between 25 and 50 percent of the information that we hear every day. That means that we lose up to 75 percent of what is presented to us. 
 While some of that lost  information  might be trivial or unimportant, at work, this could be costing you and your company time,  money  or both. 
 If you weren’t listening at the sales meeting when they announced the featured items for the month, you cannot pass this information (which you didn’t hear) on to your clients. 
 You will not garner the extra  sales , and you might not make your sales targets or get your bonus at the end of the month. Everyone involved is not happy with the situation — especially you. 
 The elements of better listening are simple and include: 
 Attending 
 This has to with the physical aspect of listening. In active listening, you begin by facing the person who is talking, opening yourself and your  posture  to listen. You should also lean towards the speaker while maintaining eye contact. 
 Most importantly, consider  relaxing  your body — particularly your shoulders — to show the other person that you are ready to listen and receive the information he or she is beginning to provide. 
 Paraphrasing 
 This is a technique that allows you to  focus  in on what the other person is saying and to show him or her that you are paying attention. You can do this by repeating in your own words what you think the speaker has just said. 
 This is not about agreeing or disagreeing with the individual. It is simply re-stating what you have heard, demonstrating to the speaker that you were  listening . 
 Perception Checking 
 In order to be sure that you are picking up the right information, it is often useful to ask  questions  of the other person. This can help to clarify what he or she said, or to try to understand the feelings contained in what the other person is saying. 
 This element can help add another layer of understanding to the basic facts or information being shared. 
 Summarizing 
 Good listeners will often use their own  words  to summarize what the other person is saying and clarify perceptions of what he or she is trying to get across. This might also be particularly useful when you are listening to a lengthy or complex  presentation . 
 Empathizing 
 This part of listening shows the person you understand and can relate to his or her  experience . Empathizing is helpful when dealing with personal issues — colleagues bring their personal lives with them to work more than they may realize. 
 It can allow you to separate out the feelings from the information and often will let the other person share valuable  insights  that can assist you in your work. 
 -- 
 Becoming a better listener at work can help to improve your  productivity  as well as your ability to influence, persuade and negotiate. Improving your listening can lead you to even greater workplace success. 
 (   Photo   by Melvin Gaal /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 active listening (1) 
 
 
 Communication (89) 
 
 
 how to listen (1) 
 
 
 listening (4) 
 
 
 success (24) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     The Benefits of Working With Inspired People  
  _ _     How to Improve Your Writing: 6 Tips from a Freelance Writer  
  _ _     7 Job Search Tips for Introverts  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 StartupCatchup  on the 22nd November 
 
 Reply   
 Perfect example of 'If you weren't there, you can't talk about it'. So often people skip sales or marketing meetings because it doesn't seem to directly link in to their role. But no matter what role you have, you're a rep of that company, and anyone can come up to you and ask what the latest updates are or your opinion on them, and if you haven't got a clue what they're talking about - it's not exactly ideal! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
