Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Kitchen Designer 
 Global Alliance Home Improvement Products Inc. 
 __Wasaga Beach, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Global Alliance is a growing outlet for home improvement products, serving the communities of southern Ontario. Our stores offer a wide variety of materials, including floors and trims, paint, light fixtures, kitchens and baths. Though we operate out of three locations - Toronto, Glencairn (Barrie) and Wasaga Beach - the organization works closely together with a strong family culture. 
 We are excited to continue expanding our team, and are currently looking for a Kitchen Designer to join our Wasaga Beach store. The focus of this position will be to help roll out our new line of kitchens and cabinets, helping with the designs and layouts using our 2020 Kitchen Software. Designers will lead the conversations with our clients and come up with solutions based on their budget, layout and needs. This immersive role will also have exposure to all faucets of our business, with responsibilities ranging from merchandising, selling, accounting and administrative tasks. 
 Our organization works in a fast paced environment, where things are always changing. To succeed in this position you must be able to multitask, change tasks rapidly and deal with unpredictable obstacles, all while maintaining a polite and professional demeanor with our clientele. Furthermore, the culture of our organization also offers the opportunity for your opinions to sway our business decisions, as each employee's input is highly valued. 
 Job Requirements: 
 Successful candidates will possess the following: 
 
 Excellent communications skills (fluent in English) 
 Ability to work as a team and independently 
 An eye for design and aesthetics 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 
 Experience in any of the following will be beneficial for the role: 
 
 Interior design/home renovations 
 Retail/customer service 
 Bookkeeping, admin work 
 
 Candidate must also have transportation to get to work everyday. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $20.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Kitchen Design: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
