Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 School Bus Driver 
 Sparksman Transportation Ltd. 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 We need you to make the wheels on the bus go 'round and 'round! 
 Take your own children, or maybe your grand-children, to work with you. Yes, we'll pay you to drive them to school! No children of your own, but great with kids; you're invited to apply as well! We have lots of children who need to be safely transported to and from school every day. 
 Become a role model and integral part of a child's education! 
 We guarantee a minimum of 4 hours work on every school day, and we welcome individuals who only want to work when their children are in school. 
 Want to work more than 4 hours per day; want to work when schools are not in? We may have opportunities for you as well. Though we do not guarantee how much work will be available, those who want the potential to earn more can also drive our charter buses on trips around the community, to Edmonton, and beyond. 
 Regular hours will start and end between the hours of 6:00 am - 9:00 am and 2:30 pm - 6:00 pm on school days; meaning you will be home when your children are not in school. 
 For our successful applicant, we will provide all of the training you need.  Plus you can earn up to a $500 training bonus!  (ask for details) 
 Come join the Sparksman family today! 
 We welcome applicants looking for a permanent route, as well as those looking only for casual work (e.g. substitute drivers). 
 Please apply by responding to this ad with your resume, or complete our online application form which can be found on our website. 
 NOTES  : 
 1. Applicants must have a valid Alberta licence (No GDL licence). 
 2. Successful applicants will undergo security screening and will need to produce a satisfactory: 
 
 Criminal Record Check; 
 Child Intervention Record Check; and 
 Driver's Abstract 
 
 3. Applicants will be required to undergo Drug and Alcohol Testing. 
 4. The following are considered assets: 
 
 Drivers holding a valid Class 1 or 2 licence 
 Drivers with the ‘S’ Endorsement 
 Applicants with current Standard First Aid and CPR ‘C’ 
 
 5. Driver training for a Class 2S MELT licence is provided to our successful applicants at one of our two training schools, located in Athabasca & Fort McMurray. 
 Job Types: Temporary, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $21.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Life insurance 
 RRSP match 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 No weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our drivers and passengers as safe as possible, our buses are cleaned and sanitized regularly, and we provide our drivers with masks, sanitizer and gloves. 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
