
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Culture Biosciences (W18) 
 We grow cells for biotech companies. 
 Senior Cell Culture Engineer 
 
 Location 
 South San Francisco 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Culture Biosciences 
 Culture Biosciences grows organisms for biotech companies. We've built the first cloud bioreactor facility. Here’s how it works: 
 
 Our customers are experts in DNA design -- they send us their genetically engineered organisms for testing. 
 We grow their cells in our bioreactors to examine the efficacy of different protocols and their effect on yield and productivity. 
 Our customers monitor the state of things live via our website. At the end we send them some samples for storage or more custom analysis. 
 
 Our customers genetically modify organisms to produce new therapeutics, materials, fuels and foods. We help them quickly run experiments and develop manufacturing processes so they can get their products to market faster. We've built proprietary software and automation systems to make operating our bioreactors more efficient than existing systems. We also provide customers with new software tools that help them analyze and contextualize their data. We are currently serving a number of biotech customers and scaling out our infrastructure. 
 We are a Bay Area company backed by leading venture funds including YCombinator and Verily Life Sciences. We are made up of mechanical, software, biomedical and chemical engineers who worked previously at Google X, Facebook, MIT, CalTech, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs. Our team is passionate about enabling high-throughput, reproducible science. We value curiosity, clear communication, kindness, and collaboration. We're also committed to building a diverse team. 
 About the role 
 Culture Biosciences grows organisms for biotech companies. We've built the first cloud bioreactor facility. Here’s how it works: 
 
 
 Our customers, biotechnology companies, design organisms (bacteria, yeast, mammalian cells) to produce products (materials, therapeutics, food). 
 
 
 We grow their cells in our bioreactors to optimize the yield of their products. Ultimately, we help our customers get their products to market faster. 
 
 
 Our customers receive their experimental results live on our website. 
 
 
 Our cloud bioreactor facility is made possible by custom software and automation technology that our team develops. The automated infrastructure is also more efficient to operate than traditional equipment. Our software also provides quick and simple data analysis, enabling customers to analyze reams of data quickly. 
 The Role 
 Culture Biosciences is looking for a Senior Cell Culture Engineer who is excited to help us develop and launch our mammalian cell culture offering. 
 Our customers develop transformative bioproducts and we develop technology that helps them accelerate the manufacturing and scale-up of those products. Our first product offering is a cloud bioreactor facility that allows biotechnology companies to run high-throughput upstream process development experiments in 250mL bioreactors. We developed the facility for microbial fermentation and we’re now extending it to mammalian cell culture. Your job will be to lead the development of our new mammalian cell culture offering and onboard customers to using it. It’s an entrepreneurial opportunity to spearhead an important initiative and collaborate with teams across the company. 
 What you'll do: 
 
 
 Spearhead the launch of our mammalian cell culture offering. 
 
 
 Collaborate with our hardware team to expand our reactor infrastructure for mammalian cell culture, including the buildout of new analytical tools for product analysis. 
 
 
 Develop mammalian cell culture operating procedures for seed trains, bioreactor processes, sampling, and sample processing and train our staff. 
 
 
 Plan and execute internal projects to gather data on scalability and reproducibility and then partner with marketing to write white papers and blog posts. 
 
 
 Onboard new mammalian cell culture customers and lead tech-transfers projects with customers. 
 
 
 Manage customers’ mammalian cell culture projects 
 
 
 Define and implement improvements to our operating procedures and writing new protocols when necessary 
 
 
 About you: 
 
 
 You have 6+ years experience working in upstream process development at a biopharmaceutical company or CDMO 
 
 
 You’re excited to be at the forefront of developing new automation, hardware, and software technologies for upstream process development. 
 
 
 You have experience working with mammalian cell lines to express protein therapeutics 
 
 
 You’ve scaled-up an upstream mammalian cell culture process from benchtop to pilot or production-scale manufacturing. 
 
 
 You have experience with project management and feel comfortable leading projects from start to finish. 
 
 
 You consider yourself detail oriented, organized, proactive. 
 
 
 Ideally, you’re also interested in software development and data science and would be excited to contribute towards these efforts. 
 
 
 Ideally, you have some experience with perfusion processes. 
 
 
 You have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in biology, chemical engineering or a related field. A PhD is preferred but not required for the role. 
 
 
 About Culture 
 
 
 Competitive salary and equity compensation. 
 
 
 Health insurance (PPO), Dental, Vision, and Life. 
 
 
 PTO: 3 weeks and 10 days of company holidays. 
 
 
 Parental leave policy: 12 weeks. Full salary paid. 
 
 
 We offer free, onsite breakfast, lunch, snacks, coffee as well as a gym with showers and classes. 
 
 
 We seek to build a company that promotes inclusion and improves the diversity of our industry as a whole. We look forward to working with scientists and engineers from all walks of life. Culture Biosciences provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants. 
 Technology 
 Our tech stack: 
 
 Typescript / React / GraphQL 
 Python backend services, control systems, state estimation, statistical analyses 
 C++ embedded systems 
 AWS, Docker, Github 
 Fusion360, Altium 
 
 Interesting problems we're tackling: 
 
 Flexible and interactive protocol development 
 High fidelity, accelerated simulation of biological systems 
 Robotic execution of wetlab assays 
 
 Other jobs at Culture Biosciences 
 Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 269 E. Grand Ave, South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Full Stack 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 3+ years 
 Mechanical Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco 
 Robotics 
 6+ years 
 Senior Cell Culture Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco 
 6+ years 
 Frontend Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco, CA, USA / Remote 
 Frontend 
 6+ years 
 Summer Software Engineer Intern 
 intern 
 South San Francisco / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 Junior and above 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
