Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Academic Writing 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (531) 
 IT & Programming  (203) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (64) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (134) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (36) 
 Sales & Marketing  (46) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (27) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (531) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (163) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (135) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (63) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Not Sure  (107) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (531) 
 Featured  (30) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Academic Writing Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 5 of 5 results ) 
 Academic Writing 
 Budget : Not Sure 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Document alignment 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Reports  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  5 Proposals 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM... 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM, Nursing, General Operations, HR, Hospital Engineering Services and Biomedical Team etc. Proofreading and corrections have been done to meet the international language standards. This project would be for the next 2 months minimum and further extended basis the deliverables that span out from the project. The task is to align all the documents with reference to the guidelines and SOP format which will be shared. The document has already been vetted, alignment also to an extend has been done. We would want you to review the documents /files that will come in the form of Word Document/ Excel File / Project Report etc to be fine tune and aligned. Do let me know if this excites you and if you would be willing for this assignment. We would prefer to have someone who would be able to churn the documents in a quick turnaround time. Please share your profile and the work engagement model how we could take this forward. 
 Skills:  Medical Writing ,  English ,  Editing ,  Academic Writing ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  sid.maths 
 Looking for a Dedicated Worker (Long-term) - Almost No Experience Needed 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 13th Jan 2021 Ends: 27th Feb 2021  52 Proposals 
 Hello friends, I am looking for a freelancer/ assistant to help me with my work. Just you should have good knowledge of English. Knowledge in article writing is a plus (Not mandatory). Your work: Generate various ty... 
 Hello friends, I am looking for a freelancer/ assistant to help me with my work. Just you should have good knowledge of English. Knowledge in article writing is a plus (Not mandatory). Your work: Generate various types of articles, with a tool/ website. After generating the article, you'll have to review/ check the paragraphs, article to make it usable. Work time- 3-4 hours a day or less, as per your expertise. You need not write anything manually. The software will do everything. You can work at any time during the day. It is completely online and works from home based. I'll guide you all the way, how to do it. (Maximum 10 min training would be okay). It is long-term work, and we are looking for a dedicated freelancer, to work with us and earn 4000-6000 rupees every month, it is almost stable work. Looking for your quote and reply. Best regards 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Copywriting ,  Creative Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Academic Writing 
 Client:  akr007  ,  India 
 Experience Content Writer  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 27th Dec 2020 Ends: 10th Feb 2021  43 Proposals 
 Hello, We need experienced writers for our and client websites. Please share an original sample of your writing and your price per 500 words. You should have a good command of grammar. Kindly apply because this would... 
 Hello, We need experienced writers for our and client websites. Please share an original sample of your writing and your price per 500 words. You should have a good command of grammar. Kindly apply because this would be long-term association for good and economical writers. Thanks Regards, Harry 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  Creative Writing 
 Client:  polc  ,  India 
 Content Writer Needed 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 17th Dec 2020 Ends: 31st Jan 2021  24 Proposals 
 I am in a need of an expert content writer with sound knowledge of Writing. The writer must have the SEO, product descriptions, and Content Writing experience. This is a long-term project. with a fixed price of 0.12... 
 I am in a need of an expert content writer with sound knowledge of Writing. The writer must have the SEO, product descriptions, and Content Writing experience. This is a long-term project. with a fixed price of 0.12 paisa per word. ( No negotiation, only apply if you agree with rates ) 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  Creative Writing 
 Client:  eshikajain08  ,  India 
 NEED ACADEMIC WRITTER URGENTLY 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 07th Dec 2020 Ends: 59 min  11 Proposals 
 I am looking for freelance academic writers having expertise in management, HRM, and also all types of referencing styles. You must have the capability of meeting deadlines. Payment of 20ppw will be given initially on... 
 I am looking for freelance academic writers having expertise in management, HRM, and also all types of referencing styles. You must have the capability of meeting deadlines. Payment of 20ppw will be given initially on monthly basis and it will be increased after a few months based on the efficiency. Apply only if you are agreed with the terms. Please write "I Agree" at the top of your proposal so that I can understand that you have read the project description. THANK YOU. 
 Skills:  Academic Writing 
 Client:  sougatasc  ,  India 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
