Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Personal Support Worker provides personal care and other services to residents in a safe efficient manner, according to the policies and procedures of the retirement residence. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Assists and attends to residents’ special needs as required; 
Provides food preparation, dining room service, busing and dishwashing services in accordance with established work routines; 
Provides personal laundry services for residents in accordance with established work routines; 
Maintains work and storage areas in a clean, safe and sanitary manner; 
Operates and cleans equipment, furniture and cleans and maintains all resident areas as per work routines; 
Provides medications to residents according to the residence’s policies and procedures for medication administration; 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Previous work experience in providing laundry, food or personal care services; 
Successful completion of secondary school or equivalent; 
Post secondary education in related care fields [e.g. Personal Support Worker (PSW), Health Care Aide (HCA) or Developmental Services Worker (DSW) certification] is preferred; 
Ability to read and communicate effectively; 
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions; 
Demonstrated empathy and understanding of the needs of seniors; 
Effective interpersonal relationship and conflict resolution skills; 
Ability to organize work and work under strict time constraints; 
Must have a high standard of hygiene and cleanliness; 
Must be able to operate related equipment. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings, nights and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
