Go to main content  Go to main navigation 
  workingatcygnific.com   
 
  Vacancies  
  Job areas  
 
  Operations  
  Business support  
 
 
  About us  
 
  A sky-high culture  
  Hiring process  
  Why work at Cygnific  
 
 
  Contact  
 
  Frequently asked questions  
 
 
 
 en 
 
 Dutch 
 English 
 
 Menu 
 Operations 
 Operations is the beating heart of Cygnific and it pumps blue blood through the veins of all of our 1,500-plus employees. For 20 years now, we have proudly assisted travellers in resolving their questions and problems on behalf of KLM. Do you want to work where the sun always shines? After a comprehensive course, you can get started in one of the following disciplines: 
 Business to Consumer (B2C) 
 What is the maximum weight for hand luggage? Can I change my seat on row 13? I want a Go Round the World ticket but I can’t choose...You always have the answer, ready to assist customers of KLM, Air France and Delta by phone or email. 
 Business to Trade (B2T) 
 Your customer-base consists of travel agencies who contact you by telephone, email and live chat with all kinds of questions that may be quite complex in nature. From making a reservation to changing a flight or taking care of an important transfer: you are these travel experts’ knight in shining armour. 
 Business to groups (B2G   ) 
 Can we get a discount for our bachelor’s weekend? How does one get 1,500 tickets for an international congress? And how do you get thousands of Ajax fans to the next European away game? You like to think big and take care of everything for groups of 10 travellers or more. 
 
 
 
 Social Media (SCM) 
 #daretoask, that is the core of your job. You use WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to help passengers find an answer in the quickest and most personal way possible and send them off with a smile. 
 **Flying Blue (FB)  ** 
 Of course, members of the Air France-KLM loyalty programme, Flying Blue, deserve some extra attention. You address their needs using phone, email and sometimes even video chat. Don't forget to brush your hair! 
 Customer Care 
 Not every trip is without its problems, and when they do occur it is nice when someone is there to listen. As a Customer Care representative, you are that person, helping people with complaints or negative travel experiences. Your job is not only to make sure their claim is properly processed, but also to offer a personal gesture: a blue stuffed animal for a family with young kids or a dinner coupon for someone who missed a dinner appointment because of a delay. 
 
 
 
 Find your destination 
 
 
  Senior Business Analyst  
 
 
 Senior Business AnalystWe are looking for an experienced Senior Business Analyst to join our dynamic team of business analysts. The Senior Business Analyst improves (strategic) data-driven decision making, by creating customer, operational and market... 
 * Amsterdam 
* 40 
* EUR4200 – EUR5500 
 
  See all our jobs   
 
 
  facebook   
 
 
  linkedin   
 
 
  instagram   
 
 
 (C) 2021 workingatcygnific.com 
 
 
  Legal notice  
 
 
  Cookie policy  
 
 
  Privacy policy  
 
 
  Cygnific  
 
 
