Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Home Support Worker, Kitchener/Waterloo/Cambridge 
 CBI Home Health 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Do your life’s best work with us! 
 CBI Health is dedicated to improving the lives of both our clients and our health care team members. As you care for others, CBI Health will care for you by providing the Personal Protective Equipment, training and resources that you need to feel confident every day. 
 We’re committed to making a difference in people’s lives – and that starts with yours. You’ll enjoy a flexible schedule that allows you to achieve your goals at work and at home, with a balance of teamwork and independence. We have a team of Supervisors and motivated colleagues who are excited to meet and support you! 
 Multiple options to apply with your cover letter and resume! 
 Online at www.cbi.ca/careers 
Email SWRecruiter@cbi.ca with "HSW Waterloo" in the subject line 
 Call Recruitment Hotline Number:  289-716-9551 and we will call you back 
 Here’s a look at our total rewards: 
Full-time, part-time and casual positions 
Competitive wages and benefits packages including travel pay 
Paid orientation and ongoing training 
Career development and progression opportunities 
Reward and recognition programs 
 Your role with clients 
 As a caring, responsible health care team member, you will support clients to be as safe and independent in their homes as possible, helping them to live their best lives. You will provide personal care to clients in their home, and may assist them to mobilize and perform light exercises. You will act at all times with the client and their family at the heart of all you do, observing, documenting, and reporting any changes in their condition to your Manager/Supervisor. You may be required to perform light housekeeping tasks as indicated in client care plans. 
 What you will need to be successful 
 Your Personal Support Worker (or HCA) Certificate or Equivalent 
A clear Criminal Record Check with Vulnerable Sector Screening within the last 12 months 
Proof of a negative TB test within the last 12 months and an up-to-date immunization record 
Ability to travel from home to home within the community 
CPR and First Aid Certification an asset 
Commitment to work every other weekend 
Strong verbal and written English communication skills required; the ability to communicate in French or other languages is considered an asset 
Reliability and strong organization skills 
Ability to safely lift up to 35 lbs. (16 kg) 
Considering a career as a Personal Support Worker? Need a PSW certificate? Give us a call to learn how we can help you begin a career in Home Health Care! 
 When you join our team as a Home Support Worker, you’ll belong to one of Canada’s leaders in the healthcare industry with 250 locations across the country. As one of the largest healthcare networks in Canada, we’re proud to be named one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies, Platinum Member and Canada’s 10 Most Admired Company Cultures. 
 Join us at CBI Health - where we work together to make great things happen. 
 Multiple options to apply with your cover letter and resume! 
 Online at www.cbi.ca/careers 
Email SWRecruiter@cbi.ca with "HSW Waterloo" in the subject line 
 Call Recruitment Hotline Number:  289-716-9551 and we will call you back 
 #HHSCSON 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
