Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant III 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING #866283 
 Position:  Administrative Assistant III 
 Site:  University Centre, Toronto Rehab 
 Department:  Toronto Rehab Executive Office 
 Reports to:  Clinical Director, MSK, Geriatrics and Cardiac Rehab and the Director of Professional Practice, Toronto Rehab 
 Scale:  A0:07 
 Salary:  $25.38 - $31.72 per hour 
 Hours:  Days, 37.5 hours per week 
 Status:  Permanent Full-Time 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Administrative Assistant III in our Toronto Rehab Executive Office. 
 The Energy of the City. The Rewards of a Great Career. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, Toronto Rehabilitation Institute and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 Supporting the Clinical Director, MSK, Geriatrics and Cardiac Rehab and the Director of Professional Practice, Toronto Rehab, who both travel to multi-sites, you will be exercising judgement and have independence to provide complex administrative support services, including: coordinating and managing an ever changing and complex electronic calendar/schedule working, drafting documents, completing HR and other administrative tasks, etc. You will be utilizing advanced Microsoft systems to produce complex documents of highly professional quality materials; coordinating, organizing or planning meetings/events; ensuring efficient operation of the office; developing, organizing and maintaining electronic and paper information filing/retrieval methods, systems or formats. The individual should be mature, tactful, highly organized, have experience working with senior leadership, in a fast paced energetic environment with the ability to take initiative, anticipate needs and prioritize. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Completion of Grade XII or recognized equivalent 
 Completion of a recognized business or medical post-secondary administrative program at the diploma level 
 Four (4) years related administrative assistant experience at a senior level required 
 Extensive on-the-job computer/word-processing, database and spreadsheet software experience required; experiences in a Microsoft Office environment required 
 Previous supervisory experience preferred 
 Experience working in a health care environment an asset 
 Excellent organizational and time management skills required 
 Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills required 
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills required 
 Comprehensive knowledge of health care, organizational/office practices, procedures and standards 
 Ability to produce high quality work in accordance with Hospital standards 
 Ability to maintain confidentiality 
 Ability to work well under pressure and use good judgment in assessing difficult situations 
 Knowledge of medical terminology an asset. 
 
 RE-POSTED DATE:  January 7, 2021 CLOSING DATE: until filled 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 UHN thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
