Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Office Administrator/Receptionist 
 Cantega Technologies Inc. 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Be part of growing team that values customers, innovation,   empowerment, integrity and collaboration! 
 Work for a growing company and an industry leader in innovation located in Edmonton. Cantega Technologies provides custom solutions to the electrical utility sector to improve power system reliability. This includes designing and manufacturing precise-fit covers to prevent bird and animal contacts from occurring on high voltage electrical equipment. 
 We have an opportunity for an  Office   Administrator   .  The successful candidate will provide administrative support across our organization including but not limited to reception, general office administration, event planning and marketing. The ideal candidate has 1-3 years of Administration experience, is highly professional and lives our core values every day  . 
 KEY ACCOUNTABTILITIES 
 Reception 
 
 Respond to visitors in a timely and courteous manner 
 Sort and distribute incoming and outgoing post and couriers 
 Sign off on deliveries 
 Keep front Reception professional and tidy 
 
 General Office Administration 
 
 Order all office supplies (includes Business Cards, lunchroom, & copy room supplies) 
 Coordinate/update contracts for building maintenance (snow removal, yard maintenance) 
 Manage company mobility account 
 Manage office phone, copier, teleconferencing vendors 
 Coordinate office cleaners 
 Update Staff Directories 
 Support for office expansion 
 
 Event Planning 
 
 Ordering food for monthly Safety Lunches 
 Logistics coordination of Annual Sales Strategy Meeting 
 Logistics coordination for Annual Christmas Party 
 Executive Meeting support as required (i.e. room set up, ordering meals etc). 
 
 Marketing & Tradeshows Coordination 
 
 Select swag for upcoming tradeshow season, present to Executive for approval 
 Communicate with the vendor regarding quantities, approval of proofs/mock-ups 
 Arranging pick-up of materials / distribution to appropriate locations 
 Distribution of print material / replenishment of trade show crates 
 Ensure all tradeshow participants have their standard trade show shirts 
 Register participants for various tradeshows throughout the year 
 Select booth space (based on executive feedback) and book space with show organizers 
 Rent furnishings for booth/table space including lead retrieval systems where available 
 Communication of show details to participants 
 Tracking show costs 
 Organizing and filing show documentation and communication 
 
 Other Administration Support 
 
 Photocopying and filling for Finance team as needed 
 Back up to Accounts Payable data entry as needed 
 Back up to Projects Administrator as needed 
 Back up to Data Administrator as needed 
 
 Other duties as required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Behavioral: 
 
 Highly professional 
 Superior English communications skills both written and verbal 
 Ability to prioritize work from multiple stakeholders 
 Excellent time management and organization skills 
 High attention to detail 
 Willingness and ability to take charge of responsibilities 
 A solid team player capable of building effective and positive relationships 
 Able to work effectively in a dynamic and fast paced environment 
 
 Technical: 
 
 Strong MS Excel Skills 
 Accurate and quick data entry 
 Adobe Pro experience is an asset 
 Sage experience is an asset 
 
 Education: 
 
 Office Administration Certificate or Diploma an asset 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 administrative: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Edmonton, AB (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
