[+30 2106109119](tel:+30 2106109119)  contact@workathlon.com 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Get Started 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English 
 
 
 Ελληνικα (Greek) 
 
 
   
 
 About Us 
 For Employers 
 Career Days 
 Blog 
 Academy 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Upload your resume 
 Workathlon  >  Expert's Viewpoint  > How to Create the perfect Job Advertisement 
 How to Create the perfect Job Advertisement 
 06/05/2019  wmsadmin   Expert's Viewpoint 
 
 by Aias Katsaros, HR Account Manager & Recruiter | Workathlon 
 Employers are always searching for quality candidates to join their organization. The best way to achieve this is to write an outstanding Job Advertisement (Job Ad). 
 Attracting talented individuals starts with communicating that there is challenging and interesting work for them to be done. Extraordinary people will not settle for ordinary jobs. 
 By creating an interesting job description, you will set a precedent applicants, increase the likelihood that the job will be shared, and extend your reach to a greater number of potential candidates. Remember the following as you create your next job listing. 
 **RELATED ARTICLE 
** Are your Employees your Hotel’s Ambassadors? 
 Before posting the Job Ad, 
 it is a good idea to have a discussion with its direct supervisor about on the work conditions, qualifications required, daily duties, and the type of person that would be a good fit for the position. 
 Have a clear picture of the position’s budget and benefits  , 
 making sure to keep its average market wage or salary in mind. That way, the job opportunity will appear more attractive to potential talents. 
 After preparation is complete, 
 it is time to decide on a title for your ad. This must be clear and easy to comprehend. By assuring that you may avoid accidental applications. Additionally, you must decide on the language the Job Ad will be written in. Keep in mind your target employees. For example, if English is mandatory for the position, it would make sense to write the Job Ad in English. However, candidates for assistant positions in which a foreign language is not a priority would respond better to a Job Ad written in the native language of the country you are looking to hire from. 
 Write a small introductory paragraph outlining 
 the location, facilities, and aspects of your company such as the number of rooms, outlets, awards, and prestige. 
 **RELATED ARTICLE 
** I want you in my team! Do you want me as your employer? 
 Following this  , 
 add a brief synopsis of the position and its 4-5 major duties. For managerial positions the size of the team should also be mentioned. 
 Add the benefits  , 
 accommodations, and other perks that a candidate will enjoy as an employee of your company. 
 Now,  you may add 
 a detailed list of the responsibilities and duties of the position. Keep it to the point and be concise, since a long list with every little possible task is difficult to read. An average of the top 8-12 responsibilities should be enough for candidates to understand the requirements of the position. Include any duties that might be considered out of ordinary for such a position since this will save time for both you and the candidate at the interview stage. 
 Only include 
 the required qualifications that a candidate MUST possess in order to carry out the job efficiently. Often times, employers will ask for overqualified candidates, mistakenly thinking that by increasing the requirements they will get a superstar candidate. This usually has an adverse effect since qualified individuals might be discouraged to apply, as they did not meet one of the overqualified criteria. 
 Last but not least, 
 you should mention the soft skills that are key for a candidate to not only fit the role but that will also help him / her feel at home in your team. Since there are a seemingly endless number of soft skills, take some time to determine the most important ones for an ideal colleague. A good number of soft skills is around 4-7 depending on the position and company. 
 +1 Tip 
 When creating a job listing try not to make it disheartening for candidates who might come from different types of job experience and backgrounds outside of the “norm” of the position. An unexpected candidate might pleasantly surprise you and be an exceptional match for your company and position. 
 To summarize, keep always in mind that there is no actual standard for job descriptions. All you have to do is to create a coherent Job Ad that is not too text heavy, but which also relays the required information to candidates. 
 I hope that I gave you some useful insights on important aspects that must be present in your (ultimate) job ad! 
 
 Tags: employer   job description 
  __Share on Facebook     __Share on Twitter  
 You may also like 
 
 01/12/2020   Expert's Viewpoint 
 Individual hotel feedback culture in the Covid-19 era 
 Read more 
 
 23/05/2020   Expert's Viewpoint 
 Weddings during Force Majeure Period 
 Read more 
 
 23/03/2020   Expert's Viewpoint 
 Don't put on hold the interviews. Finalise your teams NOW! 
 Read more 
 About 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 See how it works 
 Services 
 Pricing 
 My Blog 
 Workathlon x Pacha Collaboration 
 
 Latest Posts 
 
 Individual hotel feedback culture in the Covid-19 era 
 New entry in the Greek market: Meet Pacha Group! 
 Employers: Communication, Trust & Coronavirus 
 6 Books for Self-Improvement & Development 
 Stress Management & Coronavirus: Self - Care Chapter 
 
 Additional links 
 
 Terms and conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Help 
 Contact us 
 
 Workathlon 
 The award winning hospitality recruiting software. Better talents, better opportunities with one click. 
 Follow us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Workathlon 2020. All rights reserved. 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 See how it works 
 Services 
 Pricing 
 My Blog 
 Workathlon x Pacha Collaboration 
 
 __ 
 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.AcceptDecline 
   
