
 405.942.8551 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Job Opportunities 
 Employers 
 News 
 Blog 
 Resources 
 Contact Us 
 
 405.942.8551 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Job Opportunities 
 Employers 
 News 
 Blog 
 Resources 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Choosing A Career: LPN Vs. Medical Assistant 
 by  admin  | Sep 15, 2020 |  Careers ,  Medical ,  Staffing Firm 
 Living in the age of a pandemic has forced many of us to sit down and wonder what the future holds. Maybe you’re thinking about changing the direction of your continued education, maybe your place of work has closed indefinitely, or maybe you’re burnt out and in need of a career change. One of the best fields you can work in is within the medical field. No matter the direction technology takes or the climate of your country, medical positions will always be available. Clinics and hospitals are almost always hiring for two positions: LPN’s and Medical Assistants. What’s the difference? What are the perks? What are the qualifications? We answer all of these questions and more below. 
 
 What is an LPN? 
 
 LPN is short for a licensed practical nurse, an incredibly important cog in the healthcare system. LPNs work hand in hand with registered nurses (RNs) and physicians to ensure nothing falls through the cracks. As an LPN, you help keep the channels of communication clear between the medical team and the patient’s family. You also help bathe, dress, feed, and care for the patients. Some other responsibilities may be: 
 
 Inserting and maintaining urinary catheters 
 Measuring vitals 
 Monitoring IV sites 
 Carrying out physical assessments 
 Collecting blood, stool, and urinary samples 
 
 
 What Is A Medical Assistant? 
 
 As a Medical Assistant, you work under the direct instructions of a physician. Your efforts help keep everything in motion. You can find yourself helping with various tasks, such as: 
 
 Drawing blood 
 Preparing patients for appointment 
 Helping with administrative duties 
 Assisting physicians with appointments 
 Helping patients understand prescriptions and or needed dietary changes 
 
 This is only a small glimpse of the tasks of a medical assistant. The exact job duties vary based on the state, the size of the practice, and the field of specialization. 
 What Are The Qualifications? 
 
 LPN Qualifications 
 
 Once you have completed a state-approved and accredited practical nursing program. You will also need to pass your National Council Licensure Examination for Practical Nursing, also known as the NCLEX-PN. 
 
 Medical Assistant Qualifications 
 
 In many states, your employer will expect you to hold some form of higher education in medical assisting, such as some form of certificate/diploma and/or an associate’s degree. These can be obtained by attending your local community college, Votech, and/or by attending a university. No matter the route you choose, you should be done by two years at the latest. National certification is not required within all states, including Oklahoma, but many find that having such a certification can open up more opportunities and increase pay. 
 
 What Are The Perks? 
 
 These careers both share the same perks; even during a pandemic, hospitals are always hiring. Both positions provide security, have a competitive starting salary, provide healthcare and benefits, and open doors for further education. You can continue to advance and grow within the field. 
 
 Get Set Up With The Perfect Job! 
 
 No matter your age or circumstance, it is never too late to change careers or go back to school. Budgets may have to be redone, or systems may have to be put in place to help with children or your current place of employment, but options exist. Neese Personnel has become the most recognized  full-service staffing agency in Oklahoma City . The two positions we have dissected are great jobs that will always be in demand. If you are interested in applying, there are several companies in the OKC area currently hiring. Visit us online to  view open positions  and learn how  Neese Personnel  can help you land your dream job. 
 Medical Secretary 
 Major OKC physicians' group seeking several experienced Medical Receptionist for full-time positions. 
 read more 
 Office Administrative Assistant 
 Must have previous Office Assistant/Receptionist (Professional Office) experience! Responsibilities: 1st point of contact for clients and prospective clients Answering Phones Clerical filing and scheduling Manage incoming and outgoing mail Accurate data entry and... 
 read more 
 Litigation Legal Secretary 
 We have a full-time opening for a Legal Secretary in OKC! 
 read more 
 Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) 
 OKC Metro locations seeking qualified Licensed Practical Nurses for a variety of physician's offices. 
 read more 
 Medical Assistant 
 Esteemed Oklahoma City medical system is looking for expert medical assistants and nurses. RMAs, CMAs, and LPNs 
 read more 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A New Normal In The Workplace 
 Choosing A Career: LPN Vs. Medical Assistant 
 How Ed Long & The Employment and Training Alliance are Changing Oklahoma 
 Inclusion & Diversity In The Workplace 
 4 Benefits of Hiring an Assistant 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 November 2020 
 September 2020 
 June 2020 
 March 2020 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 September 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 June 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Careers 
 Company News 
 Diversity 
 Inclusion 
 Interviews 
 Job Fairs 
 Leadership 
 Medical 
 Staffing Firm 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 © 2021 Neese Personnel. All rights reserved |  Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use 
