Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Top 4 Healthcare Careers Require Minimal Schooling 
 Divana    5th January    General   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Top%204%20Healthcare%20Careers%20Require%20Minimal%20Schooling%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fgeneral%2Ftop-4-healthcare-careers-require-minimal-schooling%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anyone who understands the job market these days might be  looking for the next career  to put a paycheck in their pocket and also take care of the bills. However, if you need to go out and work in order to pay the bills, the last thing you can afford to do is to invest a handful of years (not to mention significant out of pocket costs) to get a degree. 
 An alternative option is to look into a program that can lead you to a better career with minimal schooling required. The good news is that the healthcare field is blossoming, and you could make the jump in a short amount of time. 
 Athletic Training 
 Not many people think about the field of sports medicine as a truly intensive healthcare career, and that’s because it really isn’t. There is obviously some major need in this field and there will continue to be a  need for professionals  as long as people (especially students and younger children) continue to play sports and participate in athletics. 
 However, there are also the rehabilitation services that work together with this side of medicine as well. Even if someone hasn’t participated in sports for years or decades, they could still need to go through rehab in order to get back to regular physical shape. You won’t need to go through a decade of med school, but you can still get people up and running (or walking) in no time. 
 Medical Coding 
 As the healthcare industry continues to change almost daily, there is a greater emphasis that is being placed on billing, medical coding and data entry. With networks, plans and individual treatments being changed all of the time, people who are able to find efficiency in the area of billing and coding could find themselves with a strong sense of  job security and a very good starting salary . 
 It might not seem like a major part of the medical process, but getting training in the coding field could help a number of hospitals, insurance companies or even independent agencies to keep track of the medical claim process. 
 By taking a few minutes to learn the certifications required, you could enroll in a program such as the many  Allied Health Careers with Arizona College  or various other institutions, and be able to get the training you need in an efficient amount of time. After all, the quicker you can get high quality training, the quicker you can get out into the workforce and start bringing in the salary you need while continuing to gain valuable experience. 
 Dental Hygienist 
 As long as people have teeth, they will need to have cleanings and preventative services to take care of those teeth. While this may not necessarily be the fast paced world of being a nurse or another hospital professional, you can expect the career to be relatively simple and stress free. 
 Plus, depending upon the practice you find yourself in, you could have great hours and job security. Everyone in every city needs a dentist and that won’t change for the foreseeable future. Just be sure you can deal with someone’s breath and potentially disturbing teeth decay and other than that you have a career that leaves smiles on the faces of others. 
 Massage Therapist 
 Another form of medical help that many people may not classify into the medical services field is becoming a massage therapist. Besides the fact that you get to network with high-powered clients (or anyone who has dealt with a lot of stress), you can also be the person that everyone loves to see. 
 While most medical procedures involve getting work done in a stressful way or can involve work (rehab, tests, physicals, etc.), coming to a massage therapist means an individual is able to get muscle pains out as well as some posture and alignment conditions as well. 
 As you continue to learn more and grow in this field about all of the new procedures, techniques and technology, you will see exactly how much comfort you can bring to people of all ages and for all walks of life. Massage and even chiropractic services don’t face the same levels of stress as most medical procedures, but they can be the difference when it comes to ongoing quality of life for many patients considering the current status of the industry and the  long term outlook  as well. 
 Regardless of what route you choose to take in your future, you need to find the route that best matches your needs. From the type of patients you deal with to the specific procedures done, and even the anticipated stress levels, workload, and scheduling – your new career can potentially fit right into the lifestyle you’re dreaming of. By taking the time to research the career that matches your expectations, you can step into a role that will last a lifetime. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 sponsored (2) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Awesome Links #38: Focus, Forming Habits and Decision Making  
  _ _     Awesome Links #30: Winter Running, Breaking Bad Habits, Finance Apps  
  _ _     The Netsetter: Web Pages vs. Web Sites  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
