  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Kensington and Chelsea, England 
 Rate:  £28 - £36 per hour + Ltd. DOE 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Mental Health Social Worker, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Mental Health Social Worker, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Service Care Solutions are currently recruiting for an Experienced Mental Health Social Worker in Kensington and Chelsea, West London. 
 This is in the Rough Sleepers Team. 
 The post is initially for 4 months but may be extended. 
 It is to help out with various cases within the team. 
 Due to Covid 19 you will be expected to operate from home with IT equipment provided by the employer 
 About you: 
, We are looking for an experienced mental health social worker who has experience of working with service users with mental ill health and a combination of other complex needs such as drug/alcohol addiction. 
 , An experience of working with rough sleepers is beneficial, as is the experience of working with people who are resistance to accepting help 
 About the role: 
, This is an exciting opportunity for a qualified social worker/nurse to join a small, friendly and supportive team to help rough sleepers in Kensington and Chelsea to stay off the streets, and link them into treatment options and into accommodation. 
 , We are seeking an enthusiastic and motivated individual to work with this client group to undertake this interesting and rewarding role within the Homeless Intervention Team. 
 , You will assist in undertaking holistic assessments of rough sleepers to identify those with a Mental health diagnosis. 
 Once identified you will support engagement with community services such as drug and alcohol services, as well as mental health services. 
 This will involve supporting individuals to identify personal goals and support them in their recovery. 
 , A part of your role will be to promote mental health knowledge and wellbeing amongst colleagues, and service users. 
 Some benefits of working through us for this role are: 
, £150 Registration Bonus (paid after 4 weeks in the role) 
, Free Umbrella service through Arch Umbrella 
, £250 a year towards any work related training you would like to undertake 
, Costs covered for your SW England registration renewal (50% paid at time of renewal and remaining 50% paid the following year when due for renewal again, you must be working for us to claim this benefit) 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Nosheen at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 964 or email Nosheen.Hussain@servicecare.org.uk 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know of anyone who would be perfect for this position and they are placed into work, you will receive £250 for the referral once their probationary period has been completed! 
 Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for regular Job Alerts and advice. 
https://www.facebook.com/servicecaresolutionssocialwork 
https://twitter.com/ServiceCareSW 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  4 months+ 
 
 
 Rate:  £28 - £36 per hour + Ltd. DOE 
 
 
 Location:  Kensington and Chelsea, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-25 11:22:16 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
