  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Sales Executive 
 at NearSt 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤25000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤25000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 About NearSt 
 We're a retail technology company getting people back into high street shops. Our platform drives in-store footfall by connecting the products currently hidden on shop shelves to the millions of local shoppers searching for them nearby. Companies like Google and Facebook use our technology to show live in-store inventory on their platforms to millions of shoppers searching nearby. 
 We believe the future of the high street is one where every product in every shop is connected directly to the web, making it genuinely faster and easier to get something from a real shop nearby than ordering it for delivery online. The high street has incredible value that's currently hidden from the internet on the shelves of local shops, and we see it as our job to unlock it. 
 You can hear our CEO talk about why we're so excited about the future of the high street, and our plans for making NearSt a central part of it, in our  Next Web keynote . 
 The Role 
 We're looking for entrepreneurial, driven Sales Executives to join our Sales & Partnerships team and play an integral role in helping us hit our serious growth goals in 2021. You'll be working at the very front of the business, taking ownership of building our client base in specific sectors and markets. This might be 'fashion retailers in the UK', 'convenience stores in North America', or 'inventory management providers' across multiple markets. While we've got playbooks to get you started, you'll be using plenty of your own creativity and tenacity to find the best way to open up new clients and markets. 
 We're looking for someone with some sales experience who's keen to take the next step in their career. This is a period of massive growth for NearSt and you'll have loads of opportunities to take on responsibility and rapidly develop your career. As a fast growing startup we're constantly learning and evolving ourselves, and will look to you to do the same. 
 If this all sounds like you, get in touch and we'd love to have a chat.  Please submit your CV along with a covering letter briefly introducing yourself, and why you think NearSt would be a great fit for your talents. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Own your retail category, and develop a deep understanding of the organisations and people within 
 Be entrepreneurial in your approach to business development and identify smart channels to market 
 Work your prospect base,, build your own pipeline and close business 
 Build partnerships in the retail technology ecosystem 
 Educate the market, generate awareness, challenge perceptions 
 Be an enthusiastic expert on NearSt and turn your prospects into evangelising customers 
 Manage your own sales pipeline, and the best in class CRM tools that we provide 
 Report KPIs and exceed your targets 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Some sales experience  - you'll learn on the job, but some prior experience will get you off to a flying start 
 Strong desire to learn  - both for yourself, and to help us develop as a team and company 
 Results-oriented  - you're highly driven and regularly set yourself personal goals 
 Great writer  - you can craft concise, compelling messages that drive people to act 
 Excellent phone manner  - you're calm and confident at fielding both inbound client enquiries and carrying out cold outreach to new prospects, and you're just as good listening as you are at talking 
 Confident selling  - you're totally at ease selling, and are ok with sometimes being rejected (no matter how good you are!) 
 Tech savvy  - you pick up new tools quickly and are happy finding your way around them 
 Entrepreneurial  - you're always looking for new opportunities, within your role and beyond it 
 Highly organised  - staying on top of multiple actions and follow-ups comes naturally to you 
 Adaptable  - you're excited about working in a startup, wearing different hats and getting stuck-in when needed 
 Impact driven  - you're motivated to make a real difference in the world 
 
 Benefits 
 We're a fast-growing tight-knit team of almost 20 people who all share a common vision that what we're building will define the future of how everyone shops. Startup life is always a lot of work and a ton of fun, so we've focussed hard on putting a great framework in place that lets people do their best work. 10 reasons we think you'll love it here: 
 
 ETHOS  - We believe team health and culture are at the centre of a successful business and care passionately about fostering this at NearSt 
 ENVIRONMENT  - We work as a semi-remote team, where our Hoxton Square office is a hub for collaboration and team-oriented work and home is a place for deep focussed work 
 TECH  - Whether you're working at home or HQ, you'll benefit from the latest tech (we use Mac) so you can focus on doing your best work 
 COLLABORATION  - Benefit from the latest software that helps you spend more time doing great work with your team-mates and less time updating unwieldy old spreadsheets 
 MINDSET  - We cultivate an entrepreneurial can-do mindset; brilliant ideas can and must come from everywhere in the business 
 OWNERSHIP  - Receive stock options in the business, so you own a stake in your own success 
 WELLNESS  - Stay at your best with a flexible monthly wellness budget to spend as you please on things to keep you happy, healthy and well 
 MENTAL HEALTH  - Professional and confidential support from Spill to help keep your mental health just as well as your physical health 
 GROW  - Develop personally and professionally with an annual budget for you to upskill in ways that suit your own learning style 
 PURPOSE  - Work among a team who genuinely want to make a massive positive difference in the world 
 
 We think a great workplace is filled with all the diversity the world has to offer. This means we make no judgment about the things that make you, you - whether that be gender, religion, sexuality, race, or a secret love for 80s action films. If you're excited by our mission, we're excited to meet you! 
 Published at 8 Dec 2020 - Expires on 31 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  NearSt 
 fulltime  Product Manager  at NearSt in London 
 __05-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
