[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work at home Jobs & Freebies 
 Published by  aw1219  on December 8, 2017 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Today, I will be sharing with you the latest work at home jobs from companies hiring remote workers to complete various tasks right from your home computer, smartphone or tablet. If you don't have either of these items, you can still get a work at home job. How? Believe it or not, there are a few companies that will give you a computer and/or provide you with equipment in the form of a keyboard, mouse, USB headset and will even pay for your internet charges. If you are curious to know which companies will do this, please read this post  here . 
 Please be sure to check the  weekly job section  for even more work at home jobs that I posted yesterday. There is a huge archive of jobs posted on the  Friday freebie page  also. You can also watch and subscribe to my YouTube channel for more ways to earn at home and work at home job opportunities that I may not share on this blog. 
 Work at home Jobs & Freebies for 12/8/2017  -  Enjoy! 
 Online Tutors 
 VIP Kid is is need of teachers to work from home to teach young students in China via video-conferencing. Teachers will earn on average between $14-$22 per hour. This opportunity is ideal for teachers looking to supplement their income. 
 Reservations Support Agent 
 Princess Cruises is currently looking to hire reservations agents to develop ongoing relationships with travel consultants and guests to assist them with their vacations. You must have 1 year customer service or sales experience, have excellent communication skills and live in the Arizona area. Paid training. Pays $12 per hour. 
 Call Center Reps 
 Windy City Call Center is currently hiring dependable individuals to make and take calls from students who have applied online to receive information on furthering their education. You will have strong listening skills, be able to multitask and type at least 35 wpm. You must live in Texas, Florida, Georgia or Illinois. Company will provide headset. Pays $9 per hour. 
 Home Improvement 
 Windy City Call Center is also hiring individuals to set up appointments for their clients with well known national home improvement companies. A script will be provided. Pays $9 per hour for the first 90 days. 
 Phone Customer Service Rep 
 
 CDS Global is is seeking reps to receive inbound calls and provide service to customers in the magazine and products industry. You must be passionate about helping others, can type 25 wpm, speak in a pleasant tone and can read, write and speak the English language. Pays $12 up to $13.50 per hour. Paid training. Iowa residents only. 
 Multimedia Judge 
 Lionbridge is seeking those who use the Internet daily and have strong communication skills to review, evaluate and provide feedback of online images and videos based on a set of guidelines using their online tools. You will need a PC with Windows software installed. Part time. 
 Call Reviewers 
 Humanatic is looking for people to listen to recorded calls and answer one question. No experience is required. You will not have to speak with anyone. Weekly pay via PayPal. Open worldwide. 
 English Transcription 
 Pactera Technologies is looking for remote workers to listen to audio files and write what you hear. You will need high speed Internet. 
 Crowdsourcing 
 
 Appen is seeking individuals to complete a variety of tasks at your own pace in transcription, online user experience and website evaluation. You will need good English spelling skills. 
 Hotel Booking Customer Service Agent 
 Working Solutions is seeking agents to take inbound calls to book reservations for leisure travelers. You must be comfortable upselling and closing the reservation sale. Background check required. 
 Opinion Square/Free Prizes and Cash 
 OpinionSquare members can earn points redeemable for exciting prizes through our OpinionRewards program. Complete an eligible survey or other offer from OpinionSquare, to receive points. With continued participation, you’ll be able to redeem your points for valuable rewards like gift cards, electronics, and home appliances. 
 Perk 
 
 Earn 250 points when you clip and print coupons, play Roblox, watch video trailers, download apps, search the web and more. Points can be redeemed for free gift cards, Perk plastic or PayPal cash. You can even install Perk on your phone and earn. 
 Qmee 
 Get free money to search the web and visit websites. You will also earn for taking surveys. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  new work at home job leads work at home jobs and freebies 
 Tags:  work at home companies hiring work at home job leads work at home job listings work from home jobs 
           
 
 1 Comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 brand new work from home jobs 
  Brand New Work at Home Job Listings  
 Do you want to work from home? Have you been told that you couldn't (for whatever reason)? Well, do not dismay because there are several companies hiring people to work from home right now that you can apply to online. 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
