the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job' Category 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job! 
 
 Remember a few weeks back when we ran the story of  Sheri Caine , an  unemployed , widowed mother of five young boys living in the Washington, D.C., metro area, who wrote to Ellen DeGeneres asking if she could help her  find a job ? The next thing she knew, a brand new Buick Regal was waiting at her curb to take the whole family to Los Angeles to appear on Ellen's show. 
 Not only did Ellen put out a call for someone to give Sheri a job, but she highlighted her skills and experience as a  human resources  specialist, and then gave the family all 12 Days of Christmas gifts that she hands out annually -- in addition to the car that was waiting for them back home. 
 A time of hope 
 A week later Caine was back East, the boys were back at school, and they all were braving the chilling weather but happy and full of hope. Then, interview opportunities and  resume  requests started pouring in. 
 "The show staff screened the e-mails that came through and forwarded the legitimate prospects to me," Sheri recalled. "I went on many interviews, and that process had been actually a fear of mine. This time around, however, I actually looked forward to and enjoyed going on these interviews. With all the things the show had done for me, I guess you can say they also helped me face and overcome one of my biggest fears." 
 Sheri went on numerous interviews and actually got several offers, but was hesitant to accept any of them. "I secretly wished  IMRG  (Integrated Management Resource Group) would find me a good fit and hoped they would present me with an offer as well," Sheri related. "I was instantly drawn to IMRG, a company that provides strategic and innovative management solutions through integration outsourcing for government and private sectors. The company is woman-owned, and the majority of its employees are women. They understand the needs of the working woman and the flexibility that is needed at times." 
 #mini_module_blank { width: 269px; height: 206px; border: medium none; float: right; margin: 10px; font-size: 12px; }#mini_module_blank img { width: 265px; height: 131px; border: medium none; margin: 0px; }#mini_module_blank .mini_main { margin: 0px; padding: 0px; width: 269px; height: 206px; background: url(" http://www.aolcdn.com/travel/zing-background-no-photo&#8221 ;) repeat scroll 0% 0% transparent; }#mini_module_blank .mini_item_header { padding: 12px 0px; margin: 0px 20px; font-size: 16px; }#mini_module_blank .mini_item { padding: 8px 0px; margin: 0px 20px; border-bottom: 1px dotted rgb(204, 204, 204); }#mini_module_blank a { color: rgb(73, 163, 202); text-decoration: none; }#mini_module_blank a:hover { color: rgb(249, 132, 25); text-decoration: underline; } 
 An instant connection 
 Sheri also made a connection with the owner, Myrna Cooks. "I have never experienced that with any employer I have ever had. Although we had never met before, it felt like I had known her all my life. She is a no-nonsense employer who is committed to excellence but who also genuinely cares for her employees." 
 Cooks felt the same way about Sheri. She had been  working from home  one day and was watching Ellen's show when she saw Sheri for the first time. "I just knew she would be a good fit for our organization," she said. She went on the show's website immediately, and wrote that she would like to talk to Sheri about an old position that had been vacated and needed to be revitalized. 
 They needed an  employee  care rep that would work with nearly 250 people, acting as a liaison between their corporate offices and management. "Within five minutes of meeting her, I knew she would click with everyone," Cooks said. "Sheri has a firmness and a genuineness that I know the employees will relate to. And I could tell that this woman really wanted to get back to work." 
 Sheri was unaware of the positive response, and was waiting to hear from IMRG when the producers of Ellen called her again. They told her they wanted to check in with her, and asked her if she would be willing to make another quick trip out to Los Angeles. Sheri wasn't about to turn them down -- especially in this wild winter weather. 
 Earlier this week, viewers saw a newly energized Sheri bounce up on stage to great Ellen, who had become both a friend and advocate. This time, however, Ellen meant to do more than merely check in. There was a phone call from Myrna of IMRG waiting on the line. Myrna publicly offered Sheri the job! 
 A dream come true 
 Sheri didn't have to think twice before accepting it was the call she had been waiting for, dreaming about, hoping she would get. But there was still another surprise in the works. Ellen presented Sheri with a $10,000 gift certificate to Neiman Marcus, so she could get her professional wardrobe in shape. That was beyond anything she dared hope for. 
 "The store is providing me with a personal shopper, something I have never had or ever dreamed possible," Sheri said. "I would like to get  business attire  with at least one great hand bag and a nice pair of shoes I would otherwise have never been able to afford." With the gift certificate, she can now afford several. 
 "'The Ellen DeGeneres Show' changed my life, which is now headed in such a positive direction," she said. "In the year and a half since losing my husband and the two since losing my job, I had faith something better was in store for me. I had no idea that Ellen would be that catalyst, but I am so happy I sat down in front of my computer that day and told my story. I know there are many people in similar situations and my hope is that they never give up. There is no way to predict which road life is going to lead us down; but we can control the attitude we take toward adversity and know there is another road up ahead." 
 
 By  Lisa Johnson Mandell 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
