
 __ 
  __    __ 
 __ 
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 __ 
 Search 
 Thursday, January 21, 2021 
 
 Contact 
 
  __    __ 
 __ 
      World ABC News  
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 
 Home  __ Lifestyle  __ Health & Fitness  __ Love Island stars that have returned to normal jobs including Anna Vakili... 
 
 Lifestyle 
 Health & Fitness 
 
 Love Island stars that have returned to normal jobs including Anna Vakili and Harley Judge 
 By 
 worldabcnews 
 - 
 December 15, 2020 
 __0 
 __26 
 __Share on Facebook   __Tweet on Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 While an appearance on  Love Island  can catapult you into instant fame and fortune, the experience for some contestants has been more temporary than others. 
 In fact, some Islanders quickly found themselves back in their day job. 
 Take a look at some of the reality show stars whose lives returned to normality following their stints on the show. 
 Rachel Fenton was in Series 2 of Love Island 
(Image: Rachel Fenton/ Instagram) 
 Get exclusive celebrity stories and fabulous photoshoots straight to your inbox with OK 's   daily newsletter   . You can sign up at the top of the page. 
 Rachel Fenton (Series 2) 
 Rachel  lasted just eight days in the villa. Following her departure, Ryckard Jenkins left the show to be with her. 
 Rachel returned to her job as a clinical orthopedic nurse 
(Image: Rachel Fenton/ Instagram) 
 The pair split after 18 months together and Rachel has returned to her role as an orthopaedic nurse. 
 While she enjoys life as an influencer on Instagram, the 28 year old still chose to go back to the NHS frontline. 
 Read More 
 Related Articles 
 Read More 
 Related Articles 
 Dr Alex George (Series 4) 
 Dr Alex George has announced he is leaving his job in A&E to train as a GP 
(Image: Instagram/Dr Alex George) 
 While Dr  Alex George  does still appear on our screens as Good Morning Britain's health reporter, he also went back to working full time for the NHS. 
 The A&E doctor is currently retraining as a GP. 
 Grace Wardle (Series 4) 
 Grace  was one of three girls planted in Casa Amor to catch the attention of the coupled up boys. 
 Following a brief fling with Dr Alex, Grace was voted off the show after ten days. 
 Grace Wardle returned to her job as a hairdresser 
(Image: ITV2) 
 She quickly returned to her job as a hairdresser at the salon she owns in South London. 
 Malin Anderson (Series 2) 
 Malin went back to work as a carer during the pandemic. 
 Malin Anderson returned to her job as a carer 
(Image: ITV2) 
 A contestant on the 2016 series, Malin ditched her new lifestyle to care for the elderly and terminally ill during the first lockdown. 
 Speaking to The Sun about returning to the care sector amid the COVID-19 crisis, the 28 year old explained: 
 "Going back into care now has been really good for me mentally. Sometimes I can have my down days, like we all do, and I can overthink." 
 She says the experience "humbled her greatly". 
 Harley Judge (Series 3) 
 Harley Judge  was the ‘Ken doll’ sent in to turn Amber Davies' head during the 2017 series. 
 Harley Judge was the resident 'Ken doll' of series 3 
(Image: ITV) 
 Since leaving the villa, Harley has returned to his job as an estate agent but has also taken up bodybuilding and now participates in competitions. 
 Harley Judge is now a body builder 
(Image: Instagram) 
 Anna Vakili (Series 5) 
 Anna  shot to fame during Love Island Series 5 after which she absolutely gave up the day job. 
 Anna returned to her job as a pharmacist during the pandemic to help in the fight against COVID-19. 
 Anna is now back working in a pharmacy 
(Image: Instagram/Anna Vakili) 
 The star is now campaigning for pharmacy staff to receive better protective equipment after being left shock by the realisation some branches only have "a quarter of what they were promised". 
 Anna took to Instagram to address Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak in front of her 1.2million followers. 
 Read More 
 Related Articles 
 Read More 
 Related Articles 
 Marvin Brooks (Series 5) 
 Marvin Brooks often posts about his work outs 
(Image: ITV) 
 Love Island 2020: After The Villa 
 Marvin was sent into Casa Amor to shake things up during Series 5. 
 Ex-Navy Marvin was a fitness instructor pre villa, and he’s kept up his training ever since, regularly posting workouts to his Instagram. 
 Adam Jukes (Series 2) 
 Adam is now a recruitment consultant 
(Image: ITV) 
 Adam appeared on the second series of Love Island, coupled up with Lauren. 
 However, his reality stardom was short-lived, and he left the spotlight and returned to his job as a recruitment consultant. 
 Lauren Richardson (Series 1) 
 Lauren made headlines even before she turned up on Love Island, after sparking something of a social media storm when she shared a snap of herself chilling with Zayn Malik. 
 Lauren Richardson is no longer in the public eye 
(Image: ITV) 
 Surprisingly, she's stepped away from the limelight since the show and has set her social media channels to private. 
 
 Source link  
 
 TAGS 
 Anna 
 Harley 
 including 
 island 
 jobs 
 judge 
 love 
 normal 
 Returned 
 Stars 
 Vakili 
 
 SHARE 
 __Facebook   __Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 
 
 tweet 
 
 
 
 Previous article What channel is Arsenal vs Southampton on? TV, live stream, kick off time | Football | Sport 
 Next article Apple App Store privacy screens about Facebook: extensive, alarming 
 
 worldabcnews 
 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 
 
 Health & Fitness 
 Best supplements for sleep: Studies and experts advise taking melatonin for better sleep 
 
 Commercial Design 
 Buildings for medical research - DesignCurial 
 
 Lifestyle 
 Easy Decor Refresh Ideas - Decor Tricks from Design Pros 
 
 LEAVE A REPLY  Cancel reply 
 Please enter your comment! 
 Please enter your name here 
 You have entered an incorrect email address! 
 Please enter your email address here 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 LATEST NEWS 
 
 Arthur.ai snags $15M Series A to grow machine learning monitoring tool – TechCrunch 
 worldabcnews  - December 9, 2020 
 0 
 
 Inside Chloe Sims' close bond with her 15-year-old daughter Madison after becoming a single mum at 18 
 December 16, 2020 
 
 Russia's Sputnik V vaccination program has started, but it's facing resistance 
 December 9, 2020 
 MUST READ 
 RISE Design Studio designs family home in Mill Hill 
 worldabcnews  - December 23, 2020 
 0 
 Amazon Echo prices drop again as more things to ask Alexa revealed 
 worldabcnews  - December 13, 2020 
 0 
 Alienware M15 R3 Review | NDTV Gadgets 360 
 worldabcnews  - January 18, 2021 
 0 
 Load more __ 
 
 Get the latest news stories and headlines from around the world. We provide you with the latest breaking news, stories and videos. 
 Contact us:  info@worldabcnews.com 
  __    __ 
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
 George Russell breaks silence after Mercedes confirm Lewis Hamilton Abu Dhabi... 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 No one has lost quite like Donald Trump in nearly 150... 
 December 15, 2020 
 
 Rishi Sunak wants savings to be spent post lockdown - savers... 
 January 2, 2021 
 POPULAR CATEGORY 
 
 
 Entertainment1289 
 
 
 Lifestyle1268 
 
 
 Technology1214 
 
 
 Football858 
 
 
 English Premier League817 
 
 
 Gaming779 
 
 
 World734 
 
 
 Finance715 
 
 
 Computers & Softwares445 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 (C) Copyright 2017 worldabcnews 
 __ MORE STORIES 
 
 High blood pressure: Causes can include fruity yoghurt - how to... 
 December 16, 2020 
 
 Eating disorders among teens and adults surge during pandemic 
 December 15, 2020 
 This site uses cookies:  Find out more. Accep All 
 Edit with Live CSS 
 Save 
 Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. 
