Women In 
 
   
 Skip to content 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Women In Web 
 About the Founders 
 In the News 
 Advocates 
 Contact Us 
 
 career 
 Post navigation 
 Women of Influence call for co-gender CEOs 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 1 
 
 Carolyn Lawrence, President & CEO of Women of Influence 
 _Women of Influence, an organisation that provides best solutions to women 's advancement has recently released an interesting white paper called  'Women Leaders Breaking Through in their Careers.'  The North American based organisation is offering a new outlook on a critical issue for women and the future success and profitability of corporate America: the need for more women in the C-suite. According to a group of experts on the topic, one way to do so is to bring together the ultimate “power couple” in the form of co-gender CEOs, CFOs, CIOs, etc. Is corporate Canada and North America ready for this revolutionary and pioneering move? We spoke to the group's President and CEO, Carolyn Lawrence to find out more. _ 
 What are you hoping to achieve with this groundbreaking white paper? 
 I believe that the world needs the right solutions to women’s advancement around the world, and we can drive that conversation. 
 This concept struck me in the wake of reading the Harvard Business Review’s article, years ago, that said “the women’s market is larger than China and India combined, and that it would be foolish for companies to ignore them, but they are doing just that”. What I realized was that we, the corporate world, and the media, were talking about the gender GAP, and the continued UNDERrepresentation of women in the C-Suite, but not HOW we were going to change it. Which made me wonder, how DO WE change the game, does anybody know? 
 It turns out, that no, not a lot of people do know the answers. So we partnered with the best – Thomson Reuters, who have been equally driven to find the answers to the diversity and inclusion mandate that so many global companies understand is not just a women’s issue, but a business issue. And we partnered with Barbara Annis & Associates, whose world renowned research and solutions on gender intelligence are showing the best results we’ve seen. 
 We want to change the conversation, and find the answers and the solutions to women’s advancement. 
 Were you surprised by any of the findings? 
 The one finding that we weren’t necessarily looking for, but was an incredible outcome was learning that there are no victims in this group. We survey senior executive women in the Women of Influence community, and it was so uplifting to learn that none of them felt that the barriers and road blocks and challenges – that we all face – were in any way going to get in their way. It is a very positive mindset that I believe has been critical to their success. 
 Why should companies consider co-gender leadership and how can it be used to help women gain a competitive advantage? 
 What we’re hoping is that companies talk about the possibility of co-gender leadership; and at the very least change the conversation and take us past the stagnant growth in women’s representation in the workforce. 
 There is tremendous value in having the ultimate power couple at the helm of a company which creates a fully integrated and diversified approach to leadership that will allow companies to approach business from a more effective and successful position. By tapping into the innate skillset of both genders, their unique management styles, and differing insights and perspectives, companies can only benefit from this approach. 
 How can companies establish a stronger and long-lasting culture of diversity? 
 To sum it up, be gender intelligent. But our survey has 9 solutions for corporations to solve women’s advancement, and they are all steps that can be taken immediately. They’re also steps that if not taken, we believe corporations will be at a real disadvantage in the next 10 years when competing against companies who do get it. 
 Being gender intelligent means leading with the mindset of understanding, appreciating and leveraging the unique strengths of men and women at the table. It’s simple, but it’s a game changer and it’s had proven results around the world so far. For example, one of the largest management consulting firms in the US has been able to report saving hundreds of millions in annual turnover costs as a result of implementing gender intelligence practices. And on average companies who are gender intelligence report 34% higher profit margins. You can’t, or shouldn’t, ignore the compelling business case, one of your competitors will inevitably tap into this. 
 How can women advance their own careers and overcome some of the challenges that have been highlighted by this research? 
 
 Don’t fall prey to the victim mentality. 
 Be aware of the business environment. 
 Become skilled at recognizing the unwritten rules to navigate the system and network strategically. 
 Recognize there are blind spots in the recruiting and interview process; be aware, and be comfortable self-promoting. 
 
 How will Women of Influence act upon this white paper and actively address its findings? 
 On May 12th we are launching a series of new courses and workshops specifically designed tackle the 7 pitfalls for women in business, that we share in the report. So we can tailor executive education to the most strategic places where it’s needed most. And, we offer full scale gender intelligence training through diagnostic analysis, workshops, speakers, and even train the trainer courses for large Human Resource departments ready to see their initiatives work. 
 For more on Women of Influence click here.  
 Posted in  Research ,  Women in Business ,  Women In Web 
 Tagged  career ,  Carolyn Lawrence ,  gender gap ,  leadership ,  research ,  women in business ,  Women of Influence 
 May*09 
 Know Your Value Conference- Get your tickets! 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 2 
 The book ‘  Know Your Value  ’ by Mika Brzezinski is one of the most inspirational and practical books that I’ve read, and I’m so excited to share with you details about the first Annual  ‘Know Your Value’  conference for women! 
 The conference will be taking place on  Friday May 16 th  from  11am-4pm  at the  Marriott Downtown, Hartford, CT,  and will feature its brainchild,  Mika Brzezinski  and  Gayle King  , host of  CBS This Morning . These two amazing women will be ‘back home’ in Hartford to share their experiences with success and lead a conversation for audience members to change their own lives. 
 One lucky woman will win ten thousand dollars as a bonus to start a business, get back into the work force, or just reward herself for doing a great job at work. Four others will win two thousand dollars. 
 There will be a chance to network with over 500 of the region’s most influential and interesting women, and hear from some fantastic panelists. Those confirmed include: 
 
 Lucy Danziger  , well-being life expert and former editor-in-chief of  SELF  magazine 
 Lisa Hughes  , vice president and publisher of  The New Yorke  r 
 Melody Barnes  , CEO of  Melody Barnes Solutions LLC  , and former Assistant to the President and Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council. 
 
 
 Lisa Hughes, Lucy Danziger and Melody Barnes 
 
 Mika Brzezinski and Gayle King 
 The conference will feature presentations by  Mika Brzezinski  and  Gayle King  , two panel discussions with high-profile executives and experts, moderated by  Diane Smith  and  Duby McDowell,  lunch and networking opportunities. 
 Registration  is $160 per individual and there are sponsorship opportunities available.  Click here for further details. 
 This is a fantastic opportunity to hear from and meet with some of the country’s most accomplished and groundbreaking women, and to really make a difference in knowing your value and implementing it! Don’t miss out! 
 Follow Know Your Value CT on  Twitter  and  Facebook! 
 Posted in  Event 
 Tagged  career ,  conference ,  Diane Smith ,  event ,  Gayle King ,  Know Your Value ,  Know Your Value CT ,  Lisa Hughes ,  Lucy Danziger ,  Melody Barnes ,  Mika Brzezinski 
 May*02 
 Post navigation 
 Follow Women In Web via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 73 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Advice Post 
 Event 
 Guest Post 
 Research 
 STEM 
 Uncategorized 
 Women in Business 
 Women in Digital Media 
 Women in Fashion 
 Women in Finance 
 Women in Health 
 Women in Journalism 
 Women in Non Profit 
 Women in Technology 
 Women in the Third Sector 
 Women In Web 
 Women In Web Weekly Round-Up 
 Women in Writing 
 
 Tags 
 AAUW   Advice Post   Aimee Bateman   Antoinette van Heugten   Arianna Huffington   Armanino   BBC   BBC World News America   Broadcast Ready   career   Careercake.com   careers   Carladenise Edwards   Carole Laurin   Christina Chaplin   Chwarae Teg   coding   Dayle Haddon   Diane Smith   empowerment   equality   event   Gayle King   Gina Bianchini   Guest Post   Hillary Clinton   International Women's Day   Joanie Courtney   Joy Kent   Kate Farrar   Kerry Hopkins   Kim Love   Know Your Value   Know Your Value CT   Laura McAllister   Laura Trevelyan   Laurie Burns. Darden Restaurants   leadership   Lean In   Lisa Hughes   Louise Czekaj   Lucy Danziger   Melody Barnes   mentoring   Mightybell   Mika Brzezinski   Monster   Natalie Ekberg   non-profit   Pinterest   Professor Donna Mead   Q&A   raise   Rathna Sharad   Rebecca Morris   runway2street   Sheryl Sandberg   STEM   stroke   Susanna Puisto   Theresa Brown   Theresa Zagnoli   The Third Metric   Third Metric   Third Sector   Thrive   Tiffany Dufu   United Nations   Valerie Jarrett   Weekly Round-Up   Womenalia   women in business   Women in Journalism   Women in Non Profit   Women In Web 
 Q&A Cafe with Carol Ross Joynt 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Women In 
 
 Women In 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
