Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Industrial Maintenance Mechanic – Plant Maintenance 
 Owens-Illinois 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
 Remember the last time you opened a bottle of champagne? A cold beer after a hard day’s work or a bottle of sparkling mineral water to quench your thirst? Well, it was probably made by us. We are O-I and we love that we make more glass containers than anyone in the world. 
 O-I has more than a century of experience crafting pure, sustainable, brand-building glass packaging for many of the world’s best-known food and beverage brands. We are proud to provide high quality glass packaging for beer, wine, spirits, food, non-alcoholic beverages, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 
 With nearly 27,000 employees and an unparalleled footprint spanning almost 80 plants in 23 countries, O-I is a truly global maker of glass packaging. 
 From engineering and manufacturing to brand development, design and innovation, we are dedicated to providing unique solutions to exceed our customers’ expectations and fuel consumers’ desire for glass. 
 Your Role: 
 You must Install, repair, erect, dismantle, assemble and maintain all types of plant machinery, equipment and structures. This position includes such skills as: mechanical maintenance, plumbing, welding, small machine tool operation, sheet metal work, masonry work, etc. 
 Your Responsibilities: 
 
 Works from complex blueprints, shop handbooks, layouts and other specifications (written or verbal) to determine the materials and working procedures needed in the maintenance of plant machinery, equipment, and structures. 
 Installs, maintains, repairs, dismantle, overhauls reassembles, adjusts and tests various types of plant machinery and equipment structures. 
 Welds, brazes, scrapes, solders, cuts, etc. various types of metals necessary for maintenance repairs and fabrication of new components and equipment. 
 Involved in rigging and scaffolding; moves heavy machinery and equipment; lubricates greases, oils, etc., plant machinery and equipment. 
 
 Reporting Relationships: 
 You will report to the Foreman. 
Position Requirements: 
About You: 
 
 
 Must possess Industrial Maintenance Mechanic/ Millwright - Ontario Provincial Certification / License. 
 
 
 Preferably about 5 years related work experience in a heavy industrial environment. 
 
 
 Must have experience using hand tools and power tools. 
 
 
 Must have experience and basic knowledge of computers and be able to enter PM activities. 
 
 
 Must hold an Ontario (equivalent) all position welding ticket or be willing to acquire. Experience with Mig/Stick Welding and Fabricating parts. 
 
 
 Prefers someone with strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to read blueprints, diagrams and drawings. 
 
 
 Must have strong maintenance, troubleshooting and hands on repair skills and knowledge in all or most of the below area: 
 
 
 
 Material handling and processing equipment like belt conveyors, bucket elevators, mixers, crushers, drives, transmission components etc. 
 
 
 
 
 Cooling fans, pumps, compressors, ovens, surface treatment and combustion equipment 
 
 
 
 Must be able to lift 50 lbs. on a regular basis. 
 
 
 Must be able to read, write, and communicate using English language 
 
 
 Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodations. 
 
 
 Must be authorized to work in Canada on a full-time basis 
 
 
 What We Offer: 
 
 Opportunity for future growth and advancement 
 Comprehensive benefits package 
 Relaxed and contemporary dress code 
 and much more… 
 
 If you are smart, passionate, innovative, culturally open, curious and collaborative, we’d like to hear from you. 
 O-I is committed to fostering an inclusive environment that attracts and embraces the brightest minds and creates a culture that welcomes a diversity of ideas and perspectives while encouraging growth and rewarding performance. 
 Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodations. 
Must be authorized to work in Canada on a full-time basis. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Licence/Certification: 
 
 Do you have a valid Mechanic/Millwright Ontario Provincial (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
