Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Director, Finance 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Reports to:  Senior Vice President, Finance Operations 
 This position plays a key role providing financial support to the business in 3 main areas: Process & Efficiencies, Business Enablement and Enterprise Procurement Shrink. The successful candidate will contribute to the Finance team’s ability to provide Data Driven Insights to the business and aid with the achievement of financial targets. 
 Accountabilities: 
Finance lead for the P&E Transformation - Drive SG&A savings by ensuring that capital investment is prioritized in the areas which yield the largest savings while improving or minimizing customer impact. 
Monitor and report results to Management Board every period. 
Develop and report on KPIs to ensure that leading indicators are on track to achieve financial targets. 
Develop 3 year plan for SG&A savings while ensuring that the program is within the capital budget for each year. 
Develop IMC business cases for Management Board approval. 
Lead shrink related projects for the Grocery Retail Finance team as well as provide the lead financial support to the Process and Efficiency shrink workstream. 
Ensuring program planning, forecast and actuals for shrink, capital, depreciation and cost to achieve are complete; as per program requirements 
Participate and help lead the development of new shrink initiatives; including process and system reviews 
Lead data modeling and analytics to understand, define and develop new shrink initiatives 
Manage a team of colleagues to ensure the team is effective through identifying and helping to remove barriers, identifying risks and solutions and is effectively driving initiative completion 
Must be able to build and maintain relationships with business partners throughout the 
organization including Senior Management 
Provide direction, management and coaching to employees, providing them with challenges & giving them the opportunity to learn and to be successful 
Provide ad hoc financial support for key enterprise wide strategic projects. 
 Role Requirements: 
Completion of CA/CMA/CGA and/or MBA designation is an asset 
Minimum of 8 years of relevant work experience or a similar combination of education and relevant work experience in an analytical / business planning role 
Strong leadership and project management skills with proven ability to lead a team and 
deliver objectives on time and within budget 
Strong communication skills with an emphasis on verbal reasoning, conflict resolution and listening skills 
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills 
Superior time management and organizational skills 
Strong technical skills (accounting practices/standards, computer skills, etc.) 
Proactive individual, able to effectively manage multiple priorities simultaneously 
Demonstrated ability to interact with people at various levels of an organization 
Results oriented – consistently delivers on time and drives for results 
Management experience with knowledge of developing staff skills and abilities 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
