Work-At-Home School 
 Latest episode 
 Your browser does not support the audio element. 
 
 New? Start Here 
 Get My Book 
 Blog 
 
 Build Your Skills 
 How To / Tips 
 Success Stories 
 WAH Lifestyle 
 
 
 Resources 
 Podcast 
 Contact 
 
 Guest Contact 
 
 
 
 I Quit My Job! How Aiden Went from Stressed Out to Creatively Fulfilled 
 Success Stories 
 17 Mar 
 This content may contain affiliate links which may result in my being financially compensated for purchases site visitors make through said links. 
 
  Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Do you love your current day job? 
 Like, really love everything about it? 
 Maybe you enjoy the work, but it’s physically draining. 
 Maybe you have great colleagues, but your long commute means you don’t get to spend much time with your family and you have zero time for hobbies. 
 Or maybe you’re really good at your job, but there’s no room for progression there. 
 Sometimes our jobs sound great in theory, but in practice, they’re not ticking all the boxes. We’re left feeling unfulfilled and unhappy. 
 Maybe it’s time to change that! 
 Have you thought about starting a side hustle? A side hustle can change your life. You can spend time doing activities you love -- your hobbies -- and make money from them! And what starts as a side hustle can lead to a part- or full-time business. 
 That’s what happened for Aiden. He earns more from his part-time side hustle as a coach and social media community manager than he did from his full-time job! 
 Keep reading to hear more about Aiden’s story! 
 Q: Hi, Aiden! Tell us a little about your background. What did your life look like before Work-At-Home School? 
 Before Work-At-Home School, I was struggling to get my side hustle off the ground. I was still working full-time and was stressed out at a job that I loved, in theory, but the reality of it was that it was emotionally and physically draining. I was constantly exhausted and felt like I was spinning my wheels without moving. 
 Q: So many people feel like that with their day jobs. What action(s) did you take as a result of being in Work-At-Home School? 
 As a result of Work-At-Home School,  I was able to go full time as a virtual assistant  and quit my job.  I now work part-time from home as a coach and community manager for more than I made working full-time, and I still have time to work on my sewing business and help my husband with his art business. 
 Q: That’s awesome that you’ve gotten so much time back in your life without sacrificing your income. What was your favorite course or resource from Work-At-Home School and why? 
 It’s so hard to pick just one. Everything that touched on mindset was so important because that started the shift that allowed the rest of the momentum. If I’m picking one, it was  Demir & Carey Bentley’s Focus & Time Mastery course . I was able to see where I was losing time on busywork and how I could better manage the time I had to get more done, so I made massive shifts forward in my side hustle (so it could become my main gig). 
 Note from Caitlin: The courses included in Work-At-Home School may change from year to year.  See what courses are included this year here! 
 RELATED:  Grow Your Online Business: Saying Yes Led to Success for Drew](https://workathomeschool.com/grow-your-online-business/) 
 Q: Time management can be a huge stumbling block for many people. So glad you made use of resources to help you overcome it. What was the most challenging part of getting started? 
 The most challenging part was choosing where to start; I wanted to do everything at once! In the end, I prioritized the course that sounded most interesting/valuable to me, and then literally just started one. When I finished, I’d start the next, etc. 
 Q: That’s shiny object syndrome for you! You had the right idea by taking them one at a time. What is the most valuable thing you learned from taking Work-At-Home School? 
 The most valuable thing I learned was how much more I am capable of than I thought. With a few courses, I thought, “This isn’t something I can learn,” and yet I did! I learned so many new skills that I’ve been able to put into practice. 
 Q: How long did it take you to find your first client? And how many clients do you have now? 
 I had my first client within three months of starting WAHS. By early this year, I was up to seven clients, but I recently CHOSE to reduce down to four in my VA/community management work so I had more room to take on coaching and work on sewing. 
 Q: You’re the boss now, Aiden! You can choose how many clients you want to work with. How long did it take you to recoup the cost of the course? 
 I had made back the cost of the course from my clients by month six. So while I was still actively enrolled. 
 Here 's what one of Aiden's happy clients has to say! 
 Q: Would you recommend Work-At-Home School? Is it worth the money? 
 Absolutely, it has more than paid for itself over and over again! 
 Q: What does your life look like now? 
 Amazing! I'm in control of my time, and  my stress and anxiety are drastically reduced ! We live where we want to live, I am able to choose my clients and keep a flexible schedule, and I can focus on building a life of experiences with my husband as we pursue our creative endeavors. 
 Q: Is there anything else you 'd like to tell us? 
 I love Work-At-Home School! It literally started me on a path that has completely changed my life for the better. 
 Our Take 
 I love how working on his mindset first helped Aiden overcome his stumbling blocks and gain momentum in his business! Way to go, Aiden! 
 Your Turn 
 Love your job but sick of being overworked and stressed out? I hear you!  Work-At-Home School  open for enrollment RIGHT NOW! This time next year, it could be you saying “I quit my job!” 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Leave a Comment 
 Previous Post: « 31 Work-from-Home Tips to Help You Thrive! Part 2 
 Next Post: How a Pandemic Can Springboard Your Work-at-Home Career » 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Primary Sidebar 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Guest Post Inquiries 
 WAH Lifestyle 
 Proofread Anywhere 
 Work-At-Home School 
 Work-At-Home Heroes Podcast 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Caitlin Pyle ·  Terms & Conditions  ·  Privacy Policy  ·  Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Scroll Up 
 We use cookies for various purposes including analytics and personalized marketing. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. -  Cookie Policy 
 I agree 
