Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Contact 
 Children's Literature 
 
 Bilingual Book Set (Spanish/English) Culturally Appropriate & Link to Scholastics Warehouse Sale to save even more money. 
 
 
 Educational Resources and Tools 
 
 My Secret Teaching/Learning During Quarantine Tool + Angelman Syndrome 
 Educational Tools! + Teacher Budget Friendly! 
 Teacher Tired:​ A level of tiredness I did not know existed! + FREE SUPPLIES 
 Unique Ways to Use Recordable Answer Buzzers! 
 Bilingual Book Set (Spanish/English) Culturally Appropriate & Link to Scholastics Warehouse Sale to save even more money. 
 
 
 Journaling with me! 
 
 Feeling Conflicted About December Holidays + A Teacher's Diary .. Send Help.. 
 C h a n g e s . . . 
 My Life : Race against time.. 
 Note from a friend. 
 Finding "THE" balance between my career and my personal life. 
 Teacher-Proof Makeup / What’s in my makeup bag @ school / Whyyy ? ! 
 Things I wish I would have UNDERSTOOD When I was YOUNGER… Dear Me, 
 Orientation Update! Wooot Wooot! 
 Starting from scratch! (Sort of) 
 My First Year Teaching = Mid Year Teaching 
 
 
 Shopping With Joy 
 
 Amazon Shop 
 Teachers Pay Teachers 
 Classroom Essentials from Amazon! + Teacher Edition! 
 Shopping with joy! + Newest Amazon Fav. 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 "Do something wonderful, people may imitate it" -Albert Schweitzer 
 Posted in  First Year Teacher ,  journaling ,  Latina en educación ,  Maestra ,  Maestra De Primaria ,  Personal thoughts ,  Uncategorized 
 Finding "THE" balance between my career and my personal life. 
 Posted on  September 3, 2019September 3, 2019  by  Teaching With Joy 
 Where can I begin? 
 Welcome BACK! 
 If you are new, hi! 
 To be honest I don't even know where to start. Finding a healthy balance between my career and my personal life has not been easy at all. My main goal by December is to have it worked out to a point that I don't feel guilty for spending less time with my amores. 
 Why change?  I personally am in a place where I love my career. I honestly love what I do. However, I feel the need to start setting boundaries between both to prevent me from "burning out" and start on building a stronger life I'll be proud of. I realized that I've distanced myself from my extended family. I'm in a very long healing pathway right now. 
 _Things that I 've changed so far: _ 
 
 I've been trying to  leave  my  classroom  at a decent time. With meetings taking up most of my afternoons, I'm trying my best to leave as  soon  as I possibly can to spend the rest of the afternoon at home. (Even if that means working on school work at home.) 
 Stopped  comparing my life to others. It's super easy to get  sidetracked  by what others are doing. For example, watching someone else balance their life so easily. I constantly remind myself that everyone has a different story and  priorities . My life is a little complex but I wouldn't change it for the world. I have two amazing teachers I admire and aspire to be like. Their priorities are in order and they do an extraordinary job teaching! 
 Learning to  say, "No."  I hate not being able to help others at times but I've learned that my time is valuable and there are going to be times when I have to pick myself over others. Nothing personal, it's impossible to make everyone happy. 
 Having an agenda. That's right! I've invested in a  small calendar  , I have it color-coded with important dates connected with my career and personal events. I've also merged it with the calendar on my cellphone. 
 Confirming appointments! Time is very valuable, so I've been confirming plans with my family members/ friends  24 hours in advance . 
 Being open to evolving. Evolving is not something that happens overnight and it's an ongoing process. It can also look very messy before it gets better so I'm learning to be even more patient. 
 
 That's all I have, for now, thank you! 
 Thank you for joining me on my new journey as an educator. I can't wait to continue to grow! Don't forget to be kind and love one another. & always lead by example! 
 ✐ 𝙼 𝚒 𝚜 𝚜 𝙻 𝙼 ♡ 
 Spread love & kindness 
 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author:  Teaching With Joy 
 Follow my journey:   View All Posts  
 Tagged:  First year teaching ,  My Thoughts ,  Personal Journal ,  TeacherHacks ,  thoughts 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Teacher Tired:​ A level of tiredness I did not know existed! + FREE SUPPLIES 
 Next Post My Life : Race against time.. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search & Find | Buscar & Encontrar 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 September 2019 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 
 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 
 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 
 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 
 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug   Oct » 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow my journey! 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Translate! 
 Follow my journey! Sigue mi aventura! 
 
  YouTube  
  Instagram  
  Pinterest  
  Amazon  
  Goodreads  
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
