  
 
 Home 
 Services 
 Job Openings 
 Careers 
 Job Expo 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 Sales Executive 
 Sales Executive 
 
 __Posted 11 months ago 
 Position Identification: 
Job Title: Sales Executive Reports to: Branch Manager 
Department: Sales Up-Country Section: Band: Grade: 
 Terms of Reference: 
Education & Skills • OND, HND, BS.C. 
• Relevant Functional Skills & Expertise. 
• Problem Solving. 
• Interpersonal Skills and Man Management. 
• Process & Procedure Implementation Skills. 
• Good Communication & Presentation Skills. 
• Team Spirit. 
• Stress Management. 
• Computer literacy and IT Skills. 
Experience • Around 3-4 years’ experience in the Sales function, in a FMCG environment, with demonstrable successes in the various areas of Sales Management. 
• Experience of dealing with varieties of product portfolio in a big Company 
Job Specification: 
Scope • Improve Retail Redistribution Efficiency, Goals/Targets Delivery, Process Controls, and Customer Retention etc. 
• Periodic verification and update of customer database, journey plans and route plan for Retail Redistribution Sales Force. 
Job Specific Comments 
• Improve Retail Redistribution Efficiency. 
• Carry out regular verification and update of customer database, journey plans and route plan for Retail Redistribution Sales Force. 
• Carry out field work and regular retail audit to ensure the perfect execution and implementation of Retail Redistribution Standards by field sales force across all channels. 
• Drive prompt compilation, analysis and preparation of Sales Performance Reports. 
• Monitor and ensure excellent execution of promotions to achieve market share growth. 
• Continually improve Retail Efficiency by minimizing cost (Fuel) and maximizing Sales, through effective monitoring and tracking of Fuel Purchase and vehicle usage. 
• Continually source for additional retail outlets and assign newly enlisted outlets to appropriate Sales Executive for effective coverage. 
• Ensure adherence strictly to Permanent Journey Plan (PJP), visit 35 outlets per day, 210 outlets per week, achieve not less than 80% strike rate by each VSR /OSR 
• To ensure the DSR –daily sales report is filled while in trade and submitted daily 
 STOCK MANAGEMENT 
• Keep up to date with products and competitors activities and report same to Route to Market Manager promptly 
 Target Companies: Unilever, NBC, NBL, Nestle, Unilever, P&G, Freisland, Flour Mills, WAMCO (indicative but not exhaustive). 
 Apply Online 
 First Name* 
 Last Name* 
 Email Address*A valid email address is required. 
 Phone Number* 
 Alternate Number 
 Sex* 
 Female  Male 
 Attach Resume* 
 Submit 
 
 Workmen & Talents Is A Nigerian Company That Has Grown From Just A Training And Development Organization In 1996 To A Full-Fledged Human Resource Management Solutions Company Today. We Are Business Partners With Our Clients To Provide Bespoke Human Resource Management Services Required By Their Businesses. 
 SOCIAL US 
 CONTACT INFORMATION 
 
 __ 
 
 Suite 005 AHCN Towers, CIPM Avenue Alausa, Ikeja, Lagos. 
 
 __ 
 
 08180000548 
 Workmen And Talents 
 
 Home 
 Services 
 Job Openings 
 Careers 
 Job Expo 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 © Copyright -  | All Rights Reserved   theme-tf 
