Go to main content  Go to main navigation 
  workingatcygnific.com   
 
  Vacancies  
  Job areas  
 
  Operations  
  Business support  
 
 
  About us  
 
  A sky-high culture  
  Hiring process  
  Why work at Cygnific  
 
 
  Contact  
 
  Frequently asked questions  
 
 
 
 en 
 
 Dutch 
 English 
 
 Menu 
 Business 
 support 
 An airplane needs more than a pilot alone in order to fly. You fulfil an important supporting role in our business support team in order to help your colleagues over at Operations to achieve the highest service level on a daily basis.Join our team of HR professionals, recruiters, IT specialists, financial staff, coaches and planners and let your career soar. 
 
 
 
 Human Resources 
 Our HR department advises and coaches management and employees in all HR-related matters. We are also responsible for recruiting new troubleshooters for Cygnific. 
 Knowledge Management & Training 
 Our department is responsible for maintaining, processing, publishing and transferring information, knowledge and skills within the entire Cygnific organisation. With respect to Air France/KLM we are the largest knowledge centre in the world! 
 Business Development 
 Our team is involved in implementation projects for new activities, tools and services within Cygnific, both by request and proactively. In addition, we are responsible for the continuous improvement of our operations through Lean Six Sigma methodology. 
 
 
 
 General Affairs 
 An inspiring office environment, the right branding and communication resources or organising our annual Christmas party; General Affairs is all about making it as pleasant as possible for our employees so they can perform day in day out. 
 Finance & Control 
 Our department is responsible for financial and management accounting and operational reports for internal and external clients. We are also responsible for salary administration, financial forecasting and automatic processing of declarations within Cygnific. 
 ICT 
 Cygnific cannot operate without a properly functioning IT infrastructure. We take care of everything technical and functional and are the driving force behind innovation, ensuring that IT remains a key element in achieving our business objectives. 
 Find your destination 
 
 
  Senior Business Analyst  
 
 
 Senior Business AnalystWe are looking for an experienced Senior Business Analyst to join our dynamic team of business analysts. The Senior Business Analyst improves (strategic) data-driven decision making, by creating customer, operational and market... 
 * Amsterdam 
* 40 
* EUR4200 – EUR5500 
 
  See all our jobs   
 
 
  facebook   
 
 
  linkedin   
 
 
  instagram   
 
 
 (C) 2021 workingatcygnific.com 
 
 
  Legal notice  
 
 
  Cookie policy  
 
 
  Privacy policy  
 
 
  Cygnific  
 
 
