Skip to content 
     
 Sports Radio Service 
 Menu 
 
 About Sports Radio Service 
 Meet Our Staff 
 Radio Show Archives 
 Sponsors 
 Advertising 
 Contact Us 
 General Archives 
 Photo Galleries 
 
 Stephen Curry's Career Night Burns Suns in 115-86 Warriors Win 
 Published on  December 28, 2013  by  Sports Radio Service Staff 
 By Matthew Harrington 
 The Golden State Warriors burned the Phoenix Suns 115-86 Friday night at Oracle Arena, torching the visitors from the desert to their largest margin of defeat this season. Red-hot Warriors point guard Stephen Curry established career-highs in rebounds (13) and assists (16) against Phoenix (17-11) en route to his third career triple-double and Klay Thompson notched a game-high 21 points for Golden State (18-13) on the heels of a 105-103 Christmas Day victory over the Clippers, the Dubs’ fourth consecutive win. 
 Warriors forward David Lee ended the night with seven baskets on ten attempts for 17 points while Thompson was nine of eleven from the field including a pair of threes for his 21-point contribution. Curry’s 14 points in 33:33 of playing time capped the career night for the guard, who became the seventh player in team history with at least three triple-double performances. His 13 rebounds were also a game-best, with the Warriors winning the battle of the boards 56-41. Suns guard P.J. Tucker’s 11 points and 12 rebounds made him the only player on the visiting side finishing in the double-digits in either scoring or boards. The Suns made a dismal 36% of shots attempted. 
 The lead changed four times in the game, but every change occurred during the first 3:33 of play. Ultimately, The Warriors ended the first quarter leading 28-22 before outscoring the Suns 31-18 for a 59-40 lead at the half. Golden State coasted to the win by outscoring Phoenix 26-24 in the third and capping off the contest with a 30-22 final frame for the final 115-86 margin. 
 Golden State seeks to move to a season-high five-straight wins when they travel to Cleveland to face the Cavaliers Sunday afternoon for a 3:00 pm showdown. It's the first meeting between these two squads this season. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories  Golden State Warriors •Tags  David Lee ,  Golden State Warriors ,  Klay Thompson ,  NBA ,  P.J. Tucker ,  Phoenix Suns ,  Stephen Curry 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Kings Surprise Heat in OT 108-103 
 Next BYU's rough night at AT&T Park a microcosm of the challenges facing the school as a big-time independent 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Browse our Coverage 
 Browse our Coverage Select Category AHL Boxing Cal Bears FIFA Golden State Warriors He Was a Giant? By Tony The Tiger Hayes Headline Sports Charlie O podcast Headline Sports podcast with David Zizmor Headline Sports podcast with Jessica Kwong Headline Sports podcast with Len Shapiro Headline Sports podcast with Mary Lisa Walsh Headline Sports podcast with Tony Renteria Headline Sports with Barbara Mason Headline Sports with Daniel Dullum Headline Sports with Jeremiah Salmonson Headline Sports with Jerry Feitelberg Headline Sports with Joe Lami Headline Sports with London Marq Headline Sports with Marko Ukalovic Headline Sports with Matt Harrington Headline Sports with Michael Duca Headline Sports with Morris Phillips Horse Racing International Champions Las Vegas Aces Las Vegas Raiders LPGA Miscellaneous MLB MLS NASCAR NBA NCAA NFL NHL Oakland Athletics Oakland Raiders Olympics PGA Golf Photos by Shawn McCullough Pro Tennis Radio Show Archives Sacramento Kings San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants San Jose Barracuda San Jose Earthquakes San Jose Sharks San Jose State Spartans sponsor Stanford Cardinal That's Amaury's News and Commentary Uncategorized US Womens soccer USGA WNBA World Cup Soccer Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Sacramento Kings game wrap: Clippers Kawhi and George get the jump on Kings 138-100 
 Cal Bears podcast with Michael Duca: Cal buried in baskets by Colorado 89-60; Walker leads Buffaloes with 23 points 
 That's Amaury's News and Commentary: Yadier Molina to the Gigantes, in Puerto Rico 
 Jokic paces Nuggets to victory over Warriors 114-104 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter! 
 
 Sacramento Kings game wrap: Clippers Kawhi and George get the jump on Kings 138-100   sportsradioservice2013.wordpress.com/2021/01/15/sac…  via @ SportsRadioSrvc   11 hours ago 
 
 Follow @SportsRadioSrvc 
 Site Views 
 
 401,897 Views 
 
 Follow Sports Radio Service on WordPress.com  Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
