
 mbbs guide 
 Mbbs admission in India, top private medical college in India, top private medical college in delhi, santosh medical college Ghaziabad, sharda medical college greater noida, Saraswati medical college Ghaziabad, best consultancy for Mbbs in Delhi ncr, admission consultancy in Delhi ncr, best 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Current Affairs 
 Direct Admissions Services 
 Entrance Exam 
 
 AFMC-PMT 
 AFMS-PG 
 AIIMS MBBS 2016 
 AIIMS PG 2016 
 AIIMS-Nursing 
 AIPGDEE 2016 
 AIPGMEE 2016 
 AIPMT 2016 
 AIPSSCET 2016 
 Assam CEE 2016 
 ASSO CET 2016 
 BVP CET MBBS (Bharati Vidyapeeth) 2016 
 COMEDK PGET 
 COMEDK UGET 
 DNB CET 2016 
 FMGE 
 
 
 MD,MS,MBBS Colleges 
 MDS/BDS Colleges 
 News 
 PG Diploma Colleges 
 PG(MD,MS) Courses Admissions 2016 
 
 MD Anaesthesiology Admissions 2016 
 MD Dermatology, Venereology & Leprosy Admissions 2016 
 MD General Medicine Admissions 
 MS ophthalmology Admissions 2016 
 
 
 
 Tag Archive | career consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA medical college 
 Yenepoya University Direct Admission 2015-2016 – MBBSadmission15 
 Sep  22 
 Welcome to the First deemed University in D.K 
 We invite you to enjoy world class university experience in a nested town in southern Karnataka, enjoying the pristine ambience and halcyon surroundings of a natural beauty unparalleled among Universities in India, while imbibing the best health care education, in the true spirit of global learning. 
 About University 
 Emboldened by the overwhelming positive response of the community and the students, the management perceived a need to develop into a University, where autonomy and self reliance would place the institutions on the global map and would internally motivate them to higher levels of excellence. The IAE sponsored the formation of a new trust, the Yenepoya University, which after due process of inspection by the University Grants Commission (UGC), was recognized by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India on 27 February 2008, vide their notification No. F.9-11/2007-U.3(A). The Yenepoya University is the first private University in the District of Dakshin Kannada (South Canara). 
The University maintains its social commitment through conducting free medical, eye & dental camps, in the community. It has also adopted 2 nearby villages for comprehensive and total health care and prevention (Kotepura & Balepuni). Special attention is being given to identify and treat HIV patients. We offer total health care support to a local HIV/AIDS Care and Support Centre. The YMC also runs Prevention of Parent to Child Transmission (PPTCT) & Integrated Counseling and Testing Centre (ICTC) programmes. 
 The logo of the University 
 The Yenepoya University emblem reflects the rich ideals and the core values upon which the very foundations have been built. The colours on the shield are a salutation to the three key facets of the University – the mentor, the materials and the medium – through which this increase takes place, and are also representative of them. 
Green embodies life and the giver thereof. Green is the color of paradise, the ultimate destination for all knowledge seekers. Just as the azure sky, wraps the Earth, blue symbolizes protection. Blue is synonymous with scholastic achievements and the success the institution has to its credit. 
And last but not the least, grey symbolizes stability and dependability. It stands for the staunch guiding (governing) principles and discipline that our students and hence our institutions are known for. 
The Shield, symbolic of a reputed seat of learning is adorned with (emblazoned with) the motto “Rabbi Zidni ‘Ilma” on the ribbon below. The words in Arabic, taken from the Holy Quran, literally translate into the meaningful phrase – “Lord, increase me in knowledge” – indeed the very frame, the life plasma and the purpose of the institution, all its faculties and facilities. 
 Students who wish to apply for courses can obtain the application form or CD from the University, on payment of Rs.250. Applications can also be downloaded from the website and printed and sent along with a demand draft for a sum of Rs.500 towards registration enclosing the receipt of purchase of CD. 
 In case the applications are obtained without payment for CD, the application should be sent along with a demand draft for a sum of Rs. 750. All D.D’s should be drawn in favour of the college payable at Mangalore. In case of B.Sc. Nursing, BPT and CNM courses, the amount will be Rs. 200 towards CD and Rs.100 towards registration. Every student is required to be reguIar and punctuaI in attending classes. No student shall absent himself/herself without satisfactory explanation. 80% attendance is a prerequisite, as per University Regulations, to enable the student to attend the University Examinations. 
 Eligibility for Admission to M.B.B.S & B.D.S. 
 
 The applicant should have passed the two-year Pre-University Examination in Karnataka or its equivalent examination. 
 The candidate should have completed seventeen years of age as on 31st December of the academic year of admission. 
 The candidate shouId have studied Physics,Chemistry and BioIogy in the qualifying examination conducted by any recognized Indian Higher Secondary Board or equivalent qualification 
 Candidates who have passed B.Sc.examinations are also eligible for admission subject to the subjects grouping as approved by the University. 
 The candidate should have secured not less than 50% aggregate in the Science subjects in the qualifying examination and a pass in English for admission to MBBS and BDS. However, for candidates belonging to scheduied caste and scheduled tribe categories, the minimum aggregate is 40%. 
 The candidate should be medically fit. 
 Any other conditions laid down by the University from time to time. 
 Admission shall be subject to the approval of Yenepoya University. 
 The candidate has to submit, in original, the following documents : a] SSLC Certificate b] PUC 2 Certificate c) Transfer Certificate. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to M.S /M.D/M.D.S. 
 
 The applicant should have passed MBBS/BDS Course from a recognized institution. 
 The applicant will adhere to new conditions and requirements that may be laid down by the Yenepoya University, from time to time. 
 Admission shall: be subject to the approval of the Yenepoya University. 
 In addition to the above certificates, the candidate has to submit the Migration Certificate, if required. 
 
 *** Revised Admission Notification PG(Medical / Dental) Courses 2013-14 posted here(Noticeboard on the home page) 
 Eligibility for Masters in Hospital Administration. 
 
 MBBS, BDS, B.Sc Nursing, B.Pharmacy, B.Sc. in Allied Health Sciences from recognized University with minimum of 50% marks and 45% for SC/ST. 
 The applicant will adhere to new conditions and requirements that may be laid down by the Yenepoya University, from time to time. 
 Admission shall: be subject to the approval of the Yenepoya University. 
 In addition to the above certificates, the candidate has to submit the Migration Certificate, if required. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission BPT Course 
 
 Must have completed 17 years of age the time of admission or will complete this age on or before 31st December of the year of admission. 
 Two-year pre-university examination from a recognized university/Board or any other equivalent intermediate Science Examination [12th/HSC/PUC) recognized by the University with atleast 40% of the total marks in aggregate in Physics, Chemistry and Biology (for SC/ST 35%). 
 Admission to the course is given to foreign national possessing an equivalent educational qualification. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to Basic B.Sc. [Nursing) Course 
 
 (The duration of certified study for the B.Sc. Degree course in Nursing (Basic) shall extend over a period of four academic years including internship.) 
 
 
 The minimum age for admission shall be 17 years on or before 31st Dec. of the year of admission. 
 10+2 class pass with 45% aggregate in PCBE or its equivalent for general merit category and 40% for SC/ST candidates. 
 Candidates shall be medically fit. 
 
 
 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to Post Basic B.Sc. [Nursing) Course 
 (The duration of certified study for the Post Basic B.Sc. Degree course in Nursing shall extend over a period of two academic years.) 
 
 Hold a diploma in General Nursing & Midwifery (GNM) from any board approved by the INC or any State Nursing Council. 
 Have passed pre-university examination in arts/science/commerce conducted by department of Pre- University Education, Karnataka State or its equivalent recognized by Yenepoya University. 
 Should have registered with any State Nursing Council. 
 Be medically fit. 
 Should not be above 48 years of age on December 31st in the year of admission. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to M.Sc. [Nursing) Course 
 (The duration for the M.Sc Nursing degree is two academic years.) 
 
 The candidate should be a Registered Nurse and Registered midwife or equivalent with any State Nursing Registration Council. 
 The minimum educational requirements shall be: 
A pass in B.Sc. Nursing from any recognized university with minimum 55% marks. 
 Minimum one year of work experience prior or after Post Basic B.Sc Nursing. 
 Candidate shall be medically fit. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission G.N.M. Course 
 
 Male/ Female candidates are eligible to apply 
 Should have completed the age of 17 years on or before 31st August of the year of admission to the programme. The Upper age limit for admission is 25 years. 
 Should have passed the pre-university examination (10+2) of recognized Board / University, preference will be given to the students with English, Physics, Chemistry, Biology as subjected of studies. 
 Should have passed the qualifying examination in not more than two attempts. 
 Should be physically fit – supported by a latest physical fitness certificate. 
 The candidate should ensure whether he/she posses the required qualification for 
admission. 
 The candidate is expected to ascertain his/her eligibility for KMC, Bangalore, before joining the course, especially if he/she has obtained the qualifying examination certificate from outside India. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to Certificate Course in Clinical Ethics Consultation 
 
 Master’s in any disciplines relating to Health, Law, Philosophy, Religion, Ethics and Humanities 
 Bachelor’s in the above with five years work experience in a health care setting 
 For more information please click this  link to Centre for Ethics  and check the Notice Board tab. 
 
 Eligibility for Admission to Postgraduate Diploma in Bioethics & Medical Ethics 
 
 Masters in any disciplines relating to Health, Law, Philosophy, Ethics and Humanities 
 For more information please click this  link to Centre for Ethics  and check the Notice Board tab. 
 
 If You are Looking For a Management Quota Seats In MBBS / BDS / MD / MS Courses 
 Contact Below Provided Mobile No. 
 MR. AMIT KUMAR : 08587926148 
 Timings To Call 10 AM to 1 PM & 3 PM to 6 PM. 
 No Phone Calls Please On Sunday. 
 Send Your Query To mbbsadmission15@gmail.com 
 Send Your Query To mbbsinfo2013@gmail.com 
 Our Offices Locations : We are based In PUNE / NAGPUR / INDORE / NOIDA & BANGALORE. 
 Note :  **  We are receiving a lot of queries regarding medical & dental admission. If we couldn’t answer your call you are requested to mail your detailed requirement in the above given e-mail id. ** 
 Name(required) 
 Mobile No.(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 This entry was posted on September 22, 2014, in  Uncategorized  and tagged  admission 2015 in mbbs in YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ,  Admission Agent for D Y Medical College Medical College ,  admission agent for mbbs in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  admission agent for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  admission agent for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  admission agent for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  admission agent for mbbs in Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  admission agent in Mangalore ,  admission agent in Mangalore Karnataka ,  admission consultant in Mangalore ,  admission consultant in Mangalore Karnataka ,  Admission Forms For YENEPOYA Medical College ,  admission in Mangalore ,  admission in Mangalore Karnataka ,  admission in mbbs in YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ,  Admission In YENEPOYA Medical College ,  admission in YENEPOYA medical college in mbbs ,  admission YENEPOYA medical college ,  admission YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ,  Admissions in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  Admissions in YENEPOYA Medical college ,  Admissions in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  Admissions in Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  Application Forms For MBBS YENEPOYA Medical College 2015 ,  authorized career consultant in Mangalore ,  authorized consultant for YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  authorized consultant for YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  authorized consultant for YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  authorized consultant for YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  authorized consultant for Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  authorized YENEPOYA consultant in Mangalore Karnataka ,  authorized YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  authorized YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  authorized YENEPOYA Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  authorized Yenepoya medical college Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  BDS admission in Mangalore ,  BDS admission in Mangalore Karnataka ,  book seat for 2015 batch in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college for mbbs ,  book seat for 2015 batch in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college for mbbs ,  book seat for 2015 batch in YENEPOYA Medical college for mbbs ,  book seat for 2015 batch in Yenepoya medical college Medical college for mbbs ,  book seat for2015 batch in YENEPOYA medical college for mbbs ,  career consultancy firm in Mangalore ,  career consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA medical college ,  career consultant in Mangalore ,  cheapest admissions in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  cheapest admissions in YENEPOYA Medical college ,  cheapest admissions in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  cheapest admissions in Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  d y patil university nerul ,  direct admission in MBBS in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  direct admission in mbbs in YENEPOYA medical college ,  direct admission in MBBS in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  direct admission in mbbs in yenepoya medical college mangalore ,  direct admission in MBBS in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  direct admission in MBBS in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka 2015 ,  direct admission in MBBS in Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  Direct Admission in Medical Colleges of Mangalore ,  direct admission in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  Direct admission In YENEPOYA Medical College ,  direct admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  direct admission in YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  direct admission in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  direct admission in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka 9918883315 ,  direct admission in Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  direct contact person for admission in mbbs YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  direct contact person for admission in mbbs YENEPOYA Medical college ,  direct contact person for admission in mbbs YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  direct contact person for admission in mbbs Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  dy patil ,  Education Consultant for YENEPOYA Medical College . Get Direct admission in MBBS in YENEPOYA Medical College ,  genuine admission agent for YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  genuine admission agent for YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  genuine admission agent for YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  genuine admission agent for YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  genuine admission agent for Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  guaranteed mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  guaranteed mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  guaranteed mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  guaranteed mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  guaranteed mbbs admission in Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  is one of the largest organizations in the field of education in the state of Karnataka . YENEPOYA Medical College Hospital and Research ,  low budget mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  low budget mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Medical college ,  low budget mbbs admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  low budget mbbs admission in Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  managed by YENEPOYA Education Society ,  MANGALORE ,  Mangalore medical college mci recognized medical college in Mangalore ,  MBBS ADMISSION 2013 IN YENEPOYA MEDICAL COLLEGE MANGALORE ,  MBBS ADMISSION 2015 IN YENEPOYA MEDICAL COLLEGE MANGALORE ,  mbbs admission agent in Mangalore ,  mbbs admission agent in Mangalore Karnataka ,  mbbs admission in Mangalore ,  mbbs admission in Mangalore Karnataka ,  Mbbs Admission In YENEPOYA Medical College ,  MBBS In Mangalore ,  mci recognized college in uttar pradesh ,  MEDICAL COLLEGE ADMISSION ,  MEDICAL EDUCATION IN MANGALORE ,  on spot admission in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  on spot admission in YENEPOYA Medical college ,  on spot admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  on spot admission in Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  Online Form For Admission in Ruhelkhand Medical College ,  Online Form For Admission in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical College ,  Online Form For Admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ,  Online Form For Admission in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore ) Medical College ,  Online Form For Admission in YENEPOYA Medical College 2015 ,  Online Form For Admission in YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore ,  Online Form For Admission in Yenepoya medical college Medical College ,  ranking of YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ,  reliable admission agent for mbbs YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  reliable admission agent for mbbs YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  reliable admission agent for mbbs YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  reliable admission agent for mbbs YENEPOYA Medical College Mangalore Karnataka ,  reliable admission agent for mbbs Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  reliable consultant for mbbs YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  reliable consultant for mbbs YENEPOYA Medical college ,  reliable consultant for mbbs YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  reliable consultant for mbbs Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  Searches related to YENEPOYA medical college ,  Searches related to YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Admissions in MBBS ,  YENEPOYA college ,  YENEPOYA college code ,  YENEPOYA college full form ,  YENEPOYA college full name ,  YENEPOYA college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA college Mangalore 1995 ,  YENEPOYA college Mangalore fee structure ,  YENEPOYA college Mangalore mba ,  YENEPOYA college of management Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA college of medicine Mangalore Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA college of nursing ,  YENEPOYA college of nursing Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA college of pharmacy ,  YENEPOYA college of technology and research ,  YENEPOYA college pharmacy Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA consultancy firm in Mangalore Karnataka ,  YENEPOYA consultant ,  YENEPOYA consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical College ,  YENEPOYA consultant in Mangalore Karnataka ,  YENEPOYA dental college ,  YENEPOYA dental college & research centre ,  YENEPOYA dental college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA dental college Mangalore Karnataka ,  YENEPOYA engineering college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS ,  YENEPOYA homeopathic medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA hospital Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Karnataka ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college consultancy firm in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Mangalore Medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA mbbs admission ,  YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college consultancy firm in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college ,  YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Medical College ( Mangalore )Medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA medical college admission ,  YENEPOYA Medical College Admission 2015 ,  YENEPOYA Medical college consultancy firm in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA Medical college consultant for mbbs in YENEPOYA Medical college ,  YENEPOYA Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA medical college entrance exam ,  YENEPOYA medical college entrance exam 2015 ,  YENEPOYA medical college fee structure ,  YENEPOYA MEDICAL COLLEGE HOSPITAL AND RESEARCH CENTER ,  YENEPOYA medical college kolapur ,  YENEPOYA Medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore adess ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore admission ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore admission 2015 ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore aicet result ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore application form ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore contact number ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore entrance exam ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore entrance exam 2015 ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore fee structure ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore fee structure for mbbs ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore fees ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore hostel ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore Karnataka ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore official website ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore ranking ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore results ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore reviews ,  YENEPOYA medical college Mangalore website ,  Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  Yenepoya medical college Medical college consultancy firm in Mangalore ,  Yenepoya medical college Medical college consultant for mbbs in Yenepoya medical college Medical college ,  Yenepoya medical college Medical college consultant in Mangalore ,  Yenepoya medical college Medical college Mangalore ,  YENEPOYA medical college nerul ,  YENEPOYA medical college nerul YENEPOYA medical college fee structure ,  YENEPOYA medical college results ,  Yenepoya Medical College. ,  Yenepoya University ,  YENEPOYA university medical college ,  YENEPOYA university nerul ,  YENEPOYA Vidyapeeth. .  Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Search for: 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 MD Obstetrics & Gynaecology (OBG) Admission in Mahadevappa Rampure Medical College, Karnataka 2016 
 MD Obstetrics & Gynaecology (OBG) Admission in K V G Medical College, Karnataka 2016 
 Admission Consultant for Santosh Medical College & Hospital Ghaziabad 
 Lord Buddha Koshi Medical College Hospital Saharsa Bihar 
 Armed Forces Medical College, Pune 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 March 2014 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Rathore on  Lord Buddha Koshi Medical Coll… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Amit  on  MD Obstetrics & Gynaecolog… 
 
 
 munmun chakrabort t… on  MBBS Admission in ACPM Medical… 
 
 
 
 anu on  MBBS DIRECT ADMISSION IN SRI D… 
 
 
 
 
 Mass Communication I…  on  Admission in Galgotias Univers… 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 career counselling 
 Delhi 
 Karnataka 
 Madhya pradesh 
 Maharashtra 
 Medical Colleges 
 Tamilnadu 
 Uncategorized 
 Uttar pradesh 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
