  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 Rate:  £23607 - £25803 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Port Health Support Assistant 
 We are recruiting on behalf of a local Authority in the Kent area who are looking to recruit a Port Health Support Assistant on a permanent basis. 
 This to work on a new Border Control Facility at their Sevington site, near junction 10A of the M20. 
 This site will provide the customs and transit checks required for hauliers with a start date of March 2021. 
 Job duties 
 , To undertake a range of statutory duties to safeguard public health. 
, To conduct official controls including carrying out checks on imports of products of animal origin and high risk food not of animal origin in order to ensure that only products that are safe to eat enter the food chain. 
, To undertake checks of organic food, illegal unreported and unregulated fishing, animal composites and other relevant controlled goods. 
 , To work independently or when legislatively required under the supervision of Official Veterinarians / Port Health Officers. 
To make an effective contribution to the development and achievement of the Border protection and business objectives. 
 Job Requirements 
 , A relevant Level 4 qualification/certificate e.g. 
 Level 4 Ordinary Certificate in Food Control or equivalent relevant experience. 
 For example, trained and authorised to undertake specific extended role functions 
, Experience in food control work 
, Enforcement experience relevant to food control work 
, Experience using databases 
, Able to demonstrate skills and knowledge relevant to food control, health and safety and public health 
functions 
, Able exercise a greater use of initiative and decision making, only referring more significant problems for advice/guidance 
, Able to use analytical and judgemental skills to interpret complex information or situations 
and to solve difficult problems 
, Able to interpret and analyse food safety, health & safety and public health legislation, statutory guidance, technical updates and good practice 
 If you are interested in this role and would like further information, please ask for Paul on 01772 208 967 or email your CV to paul.armson@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  March 2021 
 
 
 Rate:  £23607 - £25803 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Public_Sector 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 16:20:09 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
