Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 New Truck Sales Manager 
 Altruck International Truck Centres 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 New Truck Sales Account Manager 
 Reports To 
 Vice President Sales 
 Summary 
 The New Truck Sales Account Manager will be responsible for all aspects of selling trucks and delivering exceptional customer service to Altruck International Truck Centres customers. 
 * Total earning opportunity: $150,000 + based on salary and commission 
 * Position available in Hamilton, Ontario 
 Job Duties 
 
 Responsible for medium to heavy duty truck sales within a specific region of Ontario, and consistently meeting and exceeding sales targets. 
 Provide account management services and develop new business with existing and new clients. 
 Respond to new sales opportunities, including requests for proposals and prospect for new business. 
 Participate in developing new marketing and sales strategies. 
 Present solutions and services to clients through direct communication in face to face meetings, video or web meetings, telephone calls and emails. 
 Responsible for own lead generation and appointment setting, as well as working with internal resources to generate business opportunities. 
 Manage and maintain a pipeline and ensure all sales information is current using Salesforce CRM software. 
 Spend a large amount of time (up to 50%) travelling within Ontario in order to interact with buyers. 
 Manage multiple sales engagements at a given time. 
 Learn and maintain solid product knowledge on manufacturer-specific trucks and software. 
 Monitor truck order from start to delivery and update customer on truck status and progress of their vehicle’s delivery. 
 Attend dealer-specified and/or factory-sponsored training courses, and complete “e-learn” courses as scheduled by management. 
 Other related duties as assigned. 
 
 Requirements 
 · Degree or certification preferred 
 · Minimum of 5 years’ demonstrated sales experience; preferably in the transportation or construction industry. 
 · Self-motivated and resourceful with strong business acumen and critical thinking skills. 
 
 Strong project management skills with the ability to balance multiple projects and deadlines. 
 Excellent interpersonal skills, communication and presentation skills – both written and verbal - with an ability to influence and motivate others and present to prospective clients. 
 Ability to work independently, and as part of a team in a fast paced, deadline driven environment. 
 Must possess superior problem-solving skills to achieve win-win solutions. 
 
 · Proficiency with Microsoft Office products. 
 · Holds a valid G class license. 
 · OMVIC Sales License and DZ license is an asset. 
 Work Conditions 
 The New Truck Sales Account Manager will alternate between sitting and standing for eight hours per day. He or she will be required to use office equipment, such as a computer, fax machine and telephone. He or she will work mainly in an indoor, temperature moderated, well-lit environment, but will be required to show customers vehicles that are in the outside lot, where temperatures may fluctuate depending on the season. The New Truck Sales Account Manager will be required to accompany customers on test drives of the vehicle. 
 Altruck is committed to complying with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and its regulations, and the Ontario Human Rights Code throughout the entire employment cycle. If you require an accommodation, please inform us in advance and we will work with you to meet those needs. Any accommodation requests can be made by contacting 519-821-0070. At Altruck, we welcome differences. We do that because we know it is good for our employees, our products, our company and our community. Altruck is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. 
 We thank all applicants for expressing their interest, however, only those qualifying for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: Up to $150,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 Work from home 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 5 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 OMVIC (Preferred) 
 DZ (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
