Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 WANTED NOW - Reline Merchandisers!!! 
 Counter Intelligence Merchandising Inc. 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Canadian-owned and operated company, Counter Intelligence Merchandising Inc.  is one of Canada’s leading retail merchandising consulting companies. Our team contracts with over 1,000 merchandising specialists, who provide services to thousands of Canadian retailers each and every month. Our country-wide presence and years of experience allow us to partner with our clients to meet and exceed their merchandising expectations. 
 We are always seeking to contract with talented, energetic people who are able to provide services to our expanding client base **  . ** We have exciting contract opportunities available for Merchandisers and/or their team! 
 We are currently looking to contract with Merchandisers for  project part-time opportunities  with a minimum of (3) business days per week in the Saskatoon, SK area and surrounding areas. 
 Why contract with Counter Intelligence Merchandising Inc.? 
 Benefits of contracting with Counter Intelligence include: 
 
 Ability to schedule flexible working hours; 
 Opportunity to select merchandising contracts that are close to home; 
 Merchandising opportunities in multiple commodities with major retailers and department stores including major jewelry and accessory lines, as well as clothing lines; 
 Competitive fees for service; and, 
 Consistent access to contracts 
 
 Merchandiser Responsibilities include: 
 
 Performing set-ups, displaying and arranging products in a manner that is consistent with Planograms; 
 Maintaining organization of displays in retail stores; 
 Stocking merchandise on shelves; 
 Ensuring displays look neat and tidy. 
 
 Merchandisers should be proficient in: 
 
 Communication & Organizational Skills 
 Good planning skills; 
 Good Decision-Making Skills 
 Multi-tasking & work independently; 
 Previous retail and/or merchandising experience is considered an asset; and, 
 An eye for visual presentation and strong attention to detail. 
 
 Merchandisers will be required to travel to various jobsites across the  Saskatoon area  as needed and to have the tools necessary for each job. Required tools include access to a computer and the internet. 
 We are looking for merchandisers who are available to contract with us immediately. Interested Merchandisers should apply by filling out an online application at: www.counterintelligenceinc.net. Preference will go to merchandisers who apply through our website. 
 We encourage all qualified merchandisers to apply; however, only those who are selected for interviews will be contacted . 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Contract 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 No weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Merchandising: 2 years (Required) 
 Cosmetic Reline: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Retailing: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
