
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 Insurance companies are increasingly outsourcing their incoming phone calls to contact centers, which then have to hire or contract with licensed insurance reps “because state laws mandate that only licensed agents can ‘sell’ policies,” says Rat Race Rebellion’s Durst. So, if you see an ad on TV for a life insurance company and call the number on your screen, there’s a good chance you’re talking to someone who is working from home. 
Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Some employers are looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. For example, the telemedicine nurse practitioner position with Forward requires a license in California, New York or Washington, D.C. (Bonus points for applicants licensed to practice in more than one of those places.)  Work At Home 
But hope remains. As shelter-in-place restrictions keep most nonessential workers home, opportunities for remote work have been growing. Brie Reynolds, career development manager for FlexJobs — an online job market specializing in flexible and remote work — says the site saw a 4 percent increase in remote job listings in March, compared with February. Plus, with so many jobs shifting home, any stigma against employing remote workers is easing. “Overall, companies seem to be pleasantly surprised at how well remote work is working for them,” Reynolds says. “So that's great. It is providing good solutions right now.”  Work At Home 
The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule.  Work From Home 
Kelly Services is one of the most popular employment agencies in the US. Best known for temporary jobs, the company began operations in 1946, and now offers positions in more than 30 countries around the world. It has more than 500,000 workers around the globe. Ranked Number 8 on the FlexJobs 2019 list, Kelly Services has moved up two notches for 2020.  Work From Home 
Scottsdale, Arizona-based Liveops refers to itself as ”The modern call center that isn’t a call center”. This should give you a strong indication of what they do, and how and where it takes place. The company doesn't have call centers in the usual sense, but instead employs over 20,000 independent agents, working remotely. As such, it also describes itself as the world’s largest cloud contact center.  Work At Home 
 Many businesses are in need of someone to design their logos, websites or visual ads. If you have a degree or certification in this area, you can make a comfortable salary annually (reportedly $45,000 and up). The more skilled you are, the more clients you'll likely get through word of mouth. Here's a guide on how to build a website that can help you get started. 
The company attempts to match individuals with companies based on specific experience and skills. Some of the industries you may find yourself working in include direct response, financial services, healthcare, insurance, retail, technology, telecommunications, utilities, and travel and hospitality. Along the way, the company offers community support, career development, flexible vacation time, and even healthcare. However, some positions are independent contractors. 
 Believe it or not, you don’t have to be a CPA to start bookkeeping. Just sign up for a bookkeeping course at a community college or even online (such as this course from The Accounting Coach). Once you complete a course, you can start earning, and the median salary is reportedly $34,000. (Some stay-at-home bookkeepers I've spoken with personally make more than $70,000.)
 
 In a real way, Kelly Services practically pioneered jobs from home, since it began primarily as a temporary job service. It now works regularly with some of the very largest employers in the country, providing staffing needs at all levels. They specialize in accounting and finance, administrative, automotive, engineering, information technology, life sciences, and call centers, but actually cover a multitude of industries and job classifications.  Work At Home Jobs 
Though it’s based in Waltham, Massachusetts, Lionbridge offers positions in 26 countries, and provides the option to either work from home, or at one of their 47 offices around the world. Positions are available for both full- and part-time work. You can also work as a freelancer through the company, depending on the specific service you can provide.  Work From Home 
_Owning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 To qualify, you’re required to have a bachelor’s degree. You can live just about anywhere you want, as long as you have a stable Internet connection, though they are currently excluding new teachers based in California (no explanation for this is given). If you’re accepted, you’ll be required to provide a minimum six-month commitment. You’ll also be required to have an HD external or integrated camera with a headset and microphone. [Work From Home Jobs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 **Bankrate has put together a list of 20 legitimate work-at-home jobs. Wage and job-growth data comes from the 2018 edition of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Occupational Outlook Handbook. The BLS lists “median” wages rather than “average” wages. The median wage is in the middle of the data set, with half of the jobs paying less and half paying more. BLS job-growth projections are for 2018 to 2028. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
 The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted.  Work From Home Jobs 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. 
 
 The job: Would you like the freedom to work at home while helping others succeed? Those are the perks of working as a bookkeeper, says Ben Robinson, a certified public accountant and business owner who teaches others to become virtual bookkeepers through his online course, Bookkeeper Business Launch. We asked him for advice for making this career track work for you. You can read the full interview here. 
 
 Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees. [Work At Home](http://youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM?version=3) 
**The company offers placements with many of the biggest employers in the US and globally. Many of the positions are in accounting and finance, administrative positions, the automotive field, engineering, information technology and call centers. But as such a large and well-established employment firm, you can expect to find just about any type of position that fits your skill set. Work From Home  ** 
 Concentrix was also #9 on the 2019 list and has retained that position despite changes in the bottom half of the top 10. It’s a technology enabled global business services company specializing in customer engagement and improving business performance. The company operates in 40 countries to help client companies establish better connections with their customers. 
 Current positions available include business sales representatives, customer service representatives, and bilingual customer service representatives. Positions are available in the US and Canada. You'll be provided with proprietary technology that enables you to securely access applications, so you will be able to support and assist customers with a variety of services and technical needs. You must be at least 17 years of age, have a high school diploma or general equivalency diploma, and have wire connected Internet access. [Work From Home Jobs](https://www.youtube.com/embed/I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 The company offers placements with many of the biggest employers in the US and globally. Many of the positions are in accounting and finance, administrative positions, the automotive field, engineering, information technology and call centers. But as such a large and well-established employment firm, you can expect to find just about any type of position that fits your skill set.  Work From Home 
 _If you have experience and knowledge in a specific area, then consider sharing it with others. For example, if you’re an accountant or lawyer, then you can provide advice to small businesses for a pretty penny. You could also consult businesses on how to use a new software program or how to become more environmentally friendly. (If you're interested, my company offers a consulting guide to get started.) Work At Home Jobs  _ 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work At Home Jobs  ~~ 
**Many businesses are in need of someone to design their logos, websites or visual ads. If you have a degree or certification in this area, you can make a comfortable salary annually (reportedly $45,000 and up). The more skilled you are, the more clients you'll likely get through word of mouth. Here's a guide on how to build a website that can help you get started. Work At Home Jobs  ** 
 Bankrate has put together a list of 20 legitimate work-at-home jobs. Wage and job-growth data comes from the 2018 edition of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Occupational Outlook Handbook. The BLS lists “median” wages rather than “average” wages. The median wage is in the middle of the data set, with half of the jobs paying less and half paying more. BLS job-growth projections are for 2018 to 2028. [Work At Home](https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=I7voRJkBsnM&u=watch?v=XXXXXX&feature=share) 
Finally, you can get paid for your love of true-crime stories. Mock jurors assist lawyers (and their clients) by reviewing legal cases and offering their feedback on how they'd rule. Like participating in focus groups, you can't exactly make a career of this. Some mock jurors report getting just one case every six months, if that, according to SideHusl. Still, it's an interesting opportunity to earn extra cash from home with zero prior experience. (And it pays more than you'd get watching another Law and Order marathon.) 
~~Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world. Work At Home   
**Concentrix was also #9 on the 2019 list and has retained that position despite changes in the bottom half of the top 10. It’s a technology enabled global business services company specializing in customer engagement and improving business performance. The company operates in 40 countries to help client companies establish better connections with their customers. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
**Put your sleuthing skills to work. Claims investigators perform in-depth online and database research to assess the legitimacy of an individual's unemployment or insurance claim. The level of education and experience required varies by position, with senior roles possibly requiring specialized degrees. For example, applicants for Anthem's senior clinical fraud investigator must have an associate degree in nursing, current certification as a certified professional coder or both. Work At Home Jobs  ** 
_“I think the most important factor in successfully working from home is setting a boundary between work and personal time,” warns Russ Thornton, who runs Wealthcare for Women from his home. “Many jobs can suck up all your available time if you let them. When I “shut down” for the day, I shut off my computer, leave my office, and only very rarely do I set foot back in my office before I start work the next morning.” Work At Home Jobs  _ 
_Concentrix was also #9 on the 2019 list and has retained that position despite changes in the bottom half of the top 10. It’s a technology enabled global business services company specializing in customer engagement and improving business performance. The company operates in 40 countries to help client companies establish better connections with their customers. Work From Home  _ 
 Pay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale. [Work From Home Jobs](https://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM) 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
