Crimepays 
 Oregon is now a barrio of Mexico & the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 <- Meet Gang Member Pablo Ricardo Rodriguez Colorado Felon Busted Marion County 
 Everify Rules! HR. 2164 Has SIX AGGRESSIVE TOOLS To End ‘Grandfather-Amnesty Loophole’ for Existing Illegal-Alien Workers -> 
 Illegal Mexicans Sent $ 21 Billion dollars Home in 2009 alone Remittances from Job Theft & Stolen Fake Social Security Cards 
 Posted on  June 23, 2011  by  occupationoforegon 
 Billions of dollars are drained out of the US and sent"Home" every year, thanks to Western Union.They are called remittances and are the result of criminal trespass, job theft ID theft and wage theft by illegals in the US. Everify - will help sent the illegals home,because decency and polite requests sure havent worked. The media is so busy covering " racism" by Legal Americans against Illegals that they either ignore the money drain, or act as though it is a good thing . I have had to stand in line and wait 15 minutes or more while a fat, illegal swarthy hispanic sent money home.Keep in mind that one of the reasons they can do this is by using fake ID and collecting welfare for their anchor babies. 
 Migrants can also get food stamps and medical for free. A mexican can shack up with his unmarried ,illegal breeder, who than gets WIC food stamps ( up to 600.00 a month, free mediccal etc , this than allows cash wages to be wired home. 
 . All the articles found act as though it is a good thing Mexicans send money home with no concern for Americans displaced by Mexicans, more then a third of construction jobs go to mexicans in the US. 
 
 above an illegal mexican on an all mexican work crew in Portland Oregon , with HKT landscaping , who hire only illegal mexicans. 
 Remittances - Mexico's No. 2 source of foreign income after oil exports - totaled $21.2 billion in 2009, compared with $25.1 billion in 2008, the bank said. 
 Central bank president Agustin Carstens attributed the latest drop to the weak economy in the United States and the increased difficulty Mexicans are having securing employment there. More than  11.8  million Mexicans live in the U.S. 
 Carstens said a 1.3 percent uptick in remittances in December, compared to the previous month, gave some hope for a recovery. 
 " It is just one figure, but it could indicate the beginning of a relative stabilization in the drop in remittances, and it would be congruent with the fact that economic activity in the United States is about to go from negative to positive," Carstens said. 
 An analyst was less optimistic, saying that employment levels in the United States "remain very bad" and remittances to Mexico will probably continue to decline through the first half of 2010 when compared to the same period of 2009. 
 " It is important to remember that many Mexicans are employed in very volatile sectors that remain depressed, like construction, manufacturing, restaurants," said Hector Rodriguez, a researcher at the Graduate School of Public Policy and Administration in the northern Mexico city of Monterrey. 
 Experts blame a crackdown on illegal immigration that has stemmed the flow of those heading north to seek work as well as the U.S. recession, in which many Mexicans, especially construction workers, have been laid off. 
 Mexico receives the largest amount of remittances in Latin America and the third largest in the world, after India and China. The country was also the hardest hit in Latin America by the U.S. economic slump with a drop of about 7 percent in Mexico 's GDP. 
 While remittan ces represent less than 4 percent of GDP, their decline is being felt  in towns across Mexico, where lines at Western Union counters have all but disappeared . New businesses financed by  migrant  illegal alien money are no longer opening and construction has stopped on homes that have been built in stages as cash arrived from those working abroad. 
 In the first part of the decade, Mexico 's remittances grew rapidly - from $9 billion in 2001 to $26 billion in 2007 - because of swelling illegal aliens  migration  and better record-keeping. 
 ****Source: Latin American Herald Tribune 
 Remittances from Mexican emigrants totaled $2.13 billion in May, up 11.9 percent from the same month of 2009, the biggest year-on-year advance since October 2008 and ahead of analysts’ expectations, the Mexican central bank said. 
 Banks such as Ixe had forecast that the May figure would come in at around $1.97 billion. The Banco de Mexico also said Thursday that the number of remittance transactions rose 7.4 percent relative to May 2009, while the average amount of the money transfers grew 4.3 percent to $315.75. 
 Remittances to Mexico were up 19.2 percent in May compared to April, but remittances for the first five months of the year were down 4.63 percent relative to January-May 2009. 
 Ixe said it expects $21.18 billion worth of remittances to be sent to Mexico in 2010, which would be a 4.34 percent increase over last year. 
 “  Going forward, our expectation is that remittances will continue to grow (favored in part by a low base of comparison), although risks … are prevalent,” the document signed by analysts Luis Flores and Lucia Martin read . 
 According to the experts, “the labor outlook in the United States has become gloomier in the past few weeks.” 
 For example, they noted that the U.S. Department of Labor announced Thursday that applications for unemployment insurance unexpectedly rose by more than 13,000 in the week ending June 28 to 472,000, compared with analysts’ expectations of 452,000 applications. 
 The main driver of remittances to Mexico “will be employment in the manufacturing and construction sector (where 36 percent of immigrants are employed) in the United Sates,” the Mexican bank said . 
 “  By   Reply to this comment ..by U_S_Drug_Addict January 28, 2010 8:19 AM EST 
 Look up Ramos Arizpe … 
 ….by Radical_1 January 28, 2010 3:42 AM EST 
 
 I 'm one of the heartless ones because I say round up all of the illegals & send them back where they came from, right after we take back all of our dollars from them. Then maybe the next time they think about coming here they will do it the legal way!!! Americans need every job that we can get right now and we don't need illegals taking the jobs and sending the money back to Mexico. Do you people also realize that Mexicans or anyone else that sends money home devalues our money here & makes it more expensive for us AMERICAN CITIZENS to buy things. To anyone that wants to repeat that saying "to give them a path to citizenship isn't amnesty" you're right, it's not amnesty - IT'S A REWARD, AND FOR WHAT, BREAKING THE LAW!!! They climbed a fence and crossed a river without going through a legal entrypoint. And then there are those that say that they want "a possible path to citizenship for law-abiding people who entered the country illegally". What don't you people understand, if they entered the country illegally then they AREN'T LAW-ABIDING ARE THEY? 
 I had notice most of the illegal Mexican  immigrants  in our part of town had left after the city passed new laws on identifying illegal workers and making random traffic stops. 
 
 We now have Africans, Chinese, Haitian, Muslims, and high-school kids looking for work. But most of our high-school kids are going in the military and others are hoping to get their dads job and /or company when they retire. 
 We really need to control this immigration problem. 
 Wow maybe they can pay off UMC in Las Vegas now, you know the medical center that has about 80 illegals receiving treatment where we the folks in Nevada have to pay for …millions a yr. 
 Reply to this comment …by FauxNews January 27, 2010 10:51 PM EST 
 Less illegal money leaving the United States …wah, poor babies.. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  cash remittances to mexico ,  everify  and tagged  Ilegal Mexicans 2009 Sent $ 21 Billion dollars Home Remittances from Job Theft & Stolen ,  Ilegal Mexicans 2009 Sent $ 21 Billion dollars Home Remittances from Job Theft & Stolen Fake Social Security Cards . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Meet Gang Member Pablo Ricardo Rodriguez Colorado Felon Busted Marion County 
 Everify Rules! HR. 2164 Has SIX AGGRESSIVE TOOLS To End ‘Grandfather-Amnesty Loophole’ for Existing Illegal-Alien Workers -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 map 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 
 
 moon phases 
 
 
 
 moon cycles 
 
 
 
 Stop the Invasion of the United States 
 
 
 anchor babies   anchor babies birthright citizenship   Barack the Magic Negro   blacks riot loot   crime victims of illegal aliens   everify   media cover up of the invasion of illegals   mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon   mexican crime   mexican criminals in oregon   mexican Humor   mexican rape in oregon   Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI   Mexican Rapists   Mexicans are dangerous in Oregon as drivers   mexicans are robbing in oregon instead of leaving   Mexican Scum in Oregon   mex trash files   Obama   Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals   ron wyden supports mexican criminals and has an F on immigration   Salem Oregon: Capital and Center of Mexican Crime   Sanctuary cities- crime pays for illegals in oregon   sanctuary cities promote crime by illegal aliens   sharpie eyebrows & Portland oregon hispanic female criminal   sharpie eyebrows of mexi-trash females   ugly immigrants   Uncategorized   Woodburn Oregon= Mexico   Wyden and Merkley prefer Illegal aliens 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Drunk Criminal Speeding Illega… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Hillsboro Oregon Illegal Mexic… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Luis Arcos-Cardenas Drunk Ille… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Arrested 1995 Fugitive Mexican… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Murder! Juanita Rosales-Garcia… 
 
 
 
 Phillip on  Race Wars America: Three Black… 
 
 
 
 Bill Bratton on  UPdate Head of Black Panthers… 
 
 
 
 whitefaggots on  Hate Crime Conviction against… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Janet on  Julio Cesar Marquez Dead Ancho… 
 
 
 
 
 celtcalgal  on  California . Hospitals Spend $… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 gemjunior on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 * June 2011 F 
 S 
 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 « May   Jul » 
 
 
   Unknown Feed 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Nicholas Stix 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 151,450 hits 
 
 
 
 
 
 americans second class citizens in USA 
 anchor babies 
 anchor babies and visa overstays 
 and the invasion from mexico 
 border invasion 
 border with Mexico 
 Boycott Goodwill Operation Payback 
 Breaking News 
 California Meltdown Hispanically Speaking 
 call ICE 
 censored 
 censorship 
 chain immigration 
 Community Alliance of Tenants 
 cost of illegal aliens 
 cost of illegal mexicans in oregon 
 cost of the invasion of the US 
 Crime 
 crime pays for mexicans 
 crime victims of illegal aliens 
 criminal trespass 
 deport mexicans 
 Deport Report Carlos Reynaud & Boycott Goodwill Part Two Mexican Book Mafia at Goodwill 
 Deport Ron Wyden 
 End Birthright Citizenship 
 everett goodwill outlet store 
 faced Death Threats from those who support Open borders and Anarchy: Liberals 
 Fake Social Security Numbers 
 hate crimes against whites 
 hispanic crime 
 hispanic crime surge 
 hispanic crime surge in oregon 
 Hispanic family values 
 hispanic surge in oregon 
 Illegal aliens 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Illegal Carlos and his Learn English Books For Sale 
 immigration 
 immigration costs 
 invasion of the us 
 job theft by foreign nationals 
 Majority of Americans Oppose Birthright citizenship: Birth Tourism: Anchor Babies 
 mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon 
 mexican crime in oregon 
 mexican criminal females and sharpie eyebrows 
 mexican criminals 
 Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Mexican Drug cartel takes over United states 
 mexican drug dealers in oregon 
 mexican jokes 
 Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI 
 Mexican Scum in Oregon 
 monsters 
 Ms-13 Honduran Book Mafia takes over Goodwill and Amazon.com 
 No amnesty 
 no more anchor babies stop birthright citizenship 
 Numbersusa 
 numbersusa.com and anchor babies and breeders in oregon 
 obama's pathway to citzenship and amnesty for illegal mexicans 
 obama sucks 
 open borders adovcates 
 Oregon is a sanctuary state for criminals 
 population displacement by immigrants 
 Portland Police 
 sanctuary cities 
 senator Ron Wyden loves illegal aliens and mexican criminals named lopez 
 spanish only in usa 
 Stop all immigration for ten years 
 The management of Seattle Goodwill is dishonest 
 ugly immigrants 
 ugly mexicans 
 use everify 
 Warning! Cuidado! Use this form to send Illegal mexicans Home 
 Will Brad Witt be the Traitor David Wu is on Immigration ? 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 
 
 
  Crimepays  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
