Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Crushing Foreman 
 Miller Paving Northern 
 __New Liskeard, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The northern operations of Miller Paving Limited, centrally located in New Liskeard, Ontario, is devoted to being a great place to work where people are inspired to be the best they can be. Through our commitment to staff training and continuous review of leading edge and available technologies in the industry, the services offered by Miller Paving Limited are Only the Best. If you are looking for a career that will challenge you with dynamic work and meaningful responsibilities, along with great Company benefits–we have what you are looking for! 
 With the continued growth and development of our businesses we have an opening in the New Liskeard location for a highly skilled and motivated Foreman to join the Miller team with the Crushing Crew. We provide a stable, challenging and rewarding environment for professional growth and development. 
 The successful applicant will be responsible for: 
 
 Providing leadership to the crew 
 Participating in daily work activities of equipment operating and laboring 
 Administrative duties 
 Conducting ‘tail gate’ safety talks with staff to review policies and practices 
 Reviewing completed work; ensuring appropriate documentation is completed 
 Other duties as assigned 
 
 It is required to: 
 
 Have a valid driver’s license 
 Have experience and knowledge of crushing and screening 
 Be a strong leader with supervision experience 
 Knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act 
 Have strong interpersonal skills 
 Be computer literate 
 Be a team player 
 
 Interested applicants are invited to submit their resume to Taylor Jansen in Human Resources, at taylor.jansen@millergroup.ca or via facsimile at (705) 647-3954 no later than 5:00 p.m. on January 29, 2019. 
 We would like to thank all the applicants; 
 however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
