Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Clinical Pharmacologist 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Academic Clinical Pharmacologist 
 The Department of Medicine, Faculty of Health Sciences at McMaster University, St. Joseph’s Healthcare and Hamilton Health Sciences are recruiting an Academic Clinical Pharmacologist to join our expanding division. At present, clinical pharmacologists are a core part of the internal medicine, critical care and emergency medicine teaching and research programs and clinical services at all hospital sites. A novel Clinical Pharmacology and Toxicology consultation service will launch shortly. 
 As an academic clinical pharmacologist, you will be involved in a number of clinical scholarly activities, including attending on the Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology consultation service, clinical teaching unit team supervision and consultation, MD-based teams, rapid assessment clinics, and drug policy committees. You will be part of a regional clinical pharmacology program integrated with the regional General Internal Medicine service and may work at more than one academic hospital site. Successful applicants will be appointed to an academic rank commensurate with their experience. 
 An attractive remuneration package includes fee for service billing, on-call stipends, and membership in the Department of Medicine’s Alternate Funding Plan. The Division of Clinical Pharmacology and Toxicology is one of the top academic divisions in the Department of Medicine, based on education and research excellence. You will be encouraged to join our extensive research program. The Department of Medicine supports an award winning residency program recognized nationally for innovation in education. McMaster University is ranked among the world’s top 100 universities. 
 Applicants should be certified (or eligible for certification) by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the Province of Ontario. Additionally, applicants will have completed specialty training in Clinical Pharmacology and Toxicology or equivalent. Certification in either internal medicine or geriatric medicine would be considered an asset. 
 Applications must include an up to date curriculum vitae, cover letter and the names and addresses of three professional referees. 
 Please apply online via the McMaster Academic Careers website (http://www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/) 
 directing your application to: 
Lorrie Reurink - Manager, Human Resources & Faculty Recruitment 
 All qualified applicants are encouraged apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 “Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” or “No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
