 
 
    All jobs     Company Reviews     Career blog     FOR EMPLOYERS     Login     Sign up   TH   Sign up 
 
 
 SEARCH ALL JOBS 
 
 
 Full-Time 
 
 
 Part-Time 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 
 Jobs search is powered by WorkScore™ 
 
 
 
 See Reviews 
 
 
 How does it work? 
 
 
 Write a review 
 
 
 Employer Branding 
 
 
 Employers Solutions 
 
 
 POST JOBS FOR FREE 
 
 
 Login as Employer 
 
 
 Read our blog 
 
 
 Check our facebook 
 
 
 My profile 
 
 
 My applications 
 
 
 My job alerts (0) 
 
 
 My saved jobs (0) 
 
 
 Account settings 
 
 
 Logout 
 
 
 close 
 
 Candidate Account 
  Login     Sign up  
 All Thailand jobs 
  All Jobs     Internships  
 For Employers 
  Employer Branding     Employers Solutions     POST JOBS FOR FREE     Login as Employer  
 Company Reviews 
  See Reviews     How does it work?     Write a review  
 Career blog 
  Read our blog     Check our facebook  
 Language 
 ภาษาไทย 
 Hire with us ! Post your jobs now 
 Hire with us ! 
Post your jobs now 
 7 Peaks Software Ltd. 
 [  business_center 
 overview 
 overview 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/สมัครงาน-เซเว่น-พีคส์-ซอฟต์แวร์/overview) 
 [0 
 jobs 
 jobs 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/สมัครงาน-เซเว่น-พีคส์-ซอฟต์แวร์/jobs) 
 [32 
 photos 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/สมัครงาน-เซเว่น-พีคส์-ซอฟต์แวร์/photos) 
 [2 
 reviews 
 reviews 
 (new!) 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/สมัครงาน-เซเว่น-พีคส์-ซอฟต์แวร์/reviews) 
 Follow to receive job alerts for this company 
 at7 Peaks Software Ltd. 
 APPLY NOW 
 This job has expired 
 Please view all  active jobs here  or  Go to homepage  or  View Company Reviews 
 Android Developer - Middle Level 
 at7 Peaks Software Ltd. 
 Seven Peaks Software is one of the fastest growing software development companies in Bangkok; we have big ambitions and we’re looking for people who share our vision. As part of our continued growth, we seek experienced and passionate Senior Android Developers to become part of our team and help us to continue delivering innovative solutions to our well-known list of local and international clients. 
 As a business we thrive on ideas and innovation, we’re looking for individuals who want to make an impact and play a key part in our continued success; driving us forward to constantly deliver the very best for our customers. 
 As part of the Seven Peaks family, you will join a team of 60 developers from 20 different countries at our brand-new office facilities in central Bangkok (The Parq, MRT Queen Sirikit). 
 **To see our office please click on the "Photos" tab above. 
 Responsibilities:** 
 
 Participate in the full mobile application development lifecycle 
 Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform 
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features 
 Work with external data sources and APIs 
 Unit test code for robustness 
 Work on bug fixing and improving application performance 
 Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 2+ years of solid Android development experience 
 Understanding of material design principles and interface guidelines 
 Solid knowledge of Android SDK 
 Working knowledge of Java and Kotlin is a bonus 
 Have published apps to Google Play 
 Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies 
 Good command of English, both written and oral 
 BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject is preferred 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 10(15) days annual paid vacation 
 Flexible working hours 
 Health insurance 
 An office in the heart of Bangkok, just meters from the MRT stations 
 International work environment with over 10 different nationalities in the team 
 Working with a wide and interesting portfolio of clients in SEA and globally 
 Help with the international relocation, VISA and work permit process from start to finish 
 Opportunity to visit events and conferences 
 Standard perks such as free drinks and snacks in the office, team activities, trips and great parties 
 
 Skills required 
 
 Android 
 English (Good) 
 
 Education required 
 
 Computer Engineering 
 Computer Science 
 
 Experience required 
 
 2 years 
 
 Career level 
 
 Middle Level 
 
 Skills optional 
 
 Kotlin 
 Java 
 
 Salary 
 
 70,000 - 100,000 THB, Negotiable 
 
 Job function 
 
 IT / Programming 
 
 Job type 
 
 Full-time 
 
 Company overview 
 Size:10-50 employees 
 Industry:Information Technology 
 Location:Bangkok 
 Website:www.sevenpeakssoftware.com/ 
 Founded in:2009 
 Ranking:5/5 
 Seven Peaks is an international software and design company in Bangkok, Thailand, which specializes in native mobile app development, web and back-end development as well as UI /UX design work. At Seven Peaks, we help our clients see the possibilities and the pit falls in the mobile market space. ... Read more 
 Why join us: Work at an international software company in central Bangkok with flexible working hours and easy going atmosphere. Our team consists of 20+ nationalities, and close to 60+ people! At Seven Peaks you will have a chance to work with both local Thai enterprise clients and foreign customers on buil ... Read more 
 Job location: Wattana 
 Head office: The PARQ (West Wing) 7th Floor, Unit 8-13, 102 Rama IV Road, Klong Toei, Bangkok 10110 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 keyboard_arrow_right 
  Home> Search All Jobs> Apply to 7 Peaks Software Ltd.> 
 Benefits 
 
 Five-day work week 
 Health Insurance 
 Flexible working hours 
 Overtime pay 
 Free lunch & snacks 
 Social Security 
 Paid holidays 
 Learning & Development Opportunities 
 Professional development 
 Job training 
 Remote work 
 Accident Insurance 
 English lessons 
 
 Jobs you may like 
 
 Back-end Developer (Spring Boot) 
 OneDee Solution 
 
 Software Tester 
 Take IT Solution 
 
 Front-End Developer 
 OneDee Solution 
 
 Full Stack Developer 
 4-ti Co. Ltd 
 
 Business Intelligence... 
 Solver Asia Pacific 
 
 Mobile-Developer (iOS, Android) 
 OneDee Solution 
 See all jobs > 
 apply & quick apply 
 Click "APPLY" to change the documents that are sent to a Company. 
If you click "QUICK APPLY", the same documents that you sent last time, will be sent for a new Job Position. It helps you to send applications faster. 
You can always view your past applications in your  applications history 
 WorkVenture gives you an inside look at what it's like to work at 7 Peaks Software Ltd., office & team photos, reviews and more. This is the 7 Peaks Software Ltd. Company Page. All content is posted anonymously by employees currently or previously working at 7 Peaks Software Ltd.. Apply to TMT Apply to ditto Apply to ABBOTT Apply to WorkVenture Technologies 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 
  Job Posting Services 
 
 
  Employer Solutions 
 
 
  About WorkVenture 
 
 
  We are hiring 
 
 
 [email protected] 
 
 
 
 Job  and Company Reviews marketplace, 
connecting people with great jobs 
in Thailand. 
 About us 
 
  Our story 
  Company Reviews Feature  
  For Employers - Recruitment  
 [email protected] 
 Employer Branding 
 
 Job categories 
 
  All Thailand Jobs 
  Thailand full-time jobs 
  Thailand Internships 
  Part-time jobs 
 
 
 
 Secured server your privacy protected 
 Boi approved a promoted investment 
 trusted platform trusted services provider 
 
 JOB CATEGORIES 
 
  IT & Programming Jobs 
  Engineering Jobs 
  Marketing Jobs 
  Accounting Jobs 
  Finance Jobs 
  Internship Positions 
  View all Jobs 
 
 2014 Workventure Technologies Co., LTD. 
 
 Search words 
 Privacy Policy 
 หางาน   สมัครงาน 
 การเขียน Resume 
 หางาน 
 Company Pages 
 Jobs List 
 Job Titles 
 
