hipmonkey 
 He Come Groovin' Up Slowly 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Home 
 Poetry 
 Writing 
 
   
 job 
 March 5, 2014  by  hipmonkey 
 Disconnecting from the Matrix and Reconnecting with Consciousness 
 
 We do not need solutions to the ills of the world. We need to remove the cause of the problem and that is ignorance and arrogance. These are inseparable partners in the war on human awareness and innate intelligence. The stupidity of ignorance can only survive through the blindness of arrogance. They need each other for their mutual prosperity. 
 Einstein  said: “The one who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The one who walks alone, is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.”  Following the crowd  is how we got up this creek with the paddle missing and to remove the cause of the problem we need a mass awakening of Mind to Consciousness, limitation to All Possibility. There are no limits to possibility, only a  sense  of the possible. We impose that on ourselves – thus we can also set ourselves free of such debilitating restriction. 
 Da Vinci  said: ‘The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.’ Yes and what are opinions? They are only the result of personal background, prejudice and access to perceived knowledge, and yet they seamlessly morph into solidified ‘fact’. Most of science and almost all public perception of ‘fact’ is little more than opinion and assumption repeated into general acceptance. There is no way we can prevent what is planned for humanity unless the blinkers of belief are cast aside and the power of information and insight dictates our sense of reality instead of programmed perception. We can’t change the world until we change ourselves because the world is a collective expression of the human totality. You can have all the protest marches and demonstrations that you like, but without an expansion of awareness we will stay on the hamster wheel made possible only by programmed ignorance. 
 Currently, the vast majority of people are the victims of their own myopia and cannot see beyond their race, culture, religion, job, political preference, sexuality and societal programming. The few – though fast growing in number – see all this as an irrelevant diversion from the big picture of global control and abuse of  all  races, cultures, religions, jobs, political preferences, sexualities and societal programs. They also see it as a diversion from the even greater truth that we are all  ONE  Awareness having different experiences. 
 This is Da Vinci’s point that humanity must learn to see and realize that everything connects to everything else. To the majority, a distorted perception based upon ignorance is the only truth, and knowledge and awareness is a heresy. Knowledge and awareness is dangerous to all authority because by definition it means that people are connecting the dots and seeing what they really are when connected together. Once the picture comes into focus all aspects of authority and the belief systems on which it stands come crashing down in an explosion of life-changing insight. If you are a cog, but see yourself and the other cogs as individuals doing your own thing, you will never see what is really going on. But once you see the  machine  then your perception is immediately transformed and the true nature of your daily existence becomes blindingly obvious. 
 Education, science, medicine, politics and  media  are all founded on a belief in the known. The known is basically the holographic realm of what is called the physical world, and the unknown is the unseen infinity of waveform information and pure consciousness from which the holographic illusion is decoded and made manifest. The known is the domain of the five senses – can I see it, hear it, touch it, taste it or smell it? These questions therefore become the arbiters of perceived existence or non-existence. Education is about teaching the known to the next generation of programmed ‘knowers’ while academics, scientists and doctors are looked upon in awe because they are perceived to know more than others about the known. But what is this ‘  known  ’? It is what they  believe  is known, what they have been  told  is known and nothing more. It was known that the Earth was flat and this ‘known’ was preached and imposed upon generations galore in the great centres of alleged ‘education’; but it was wrong all the same. The known is only ‘I believe it is known’ but it is the very foundation of human society. You can only truly learn by uncovering the unknown. Everything else is repeating. 
 When your job, status and even sense of self and security come from the known there is a built-in incentive to ignore or trash the unknown. The known fears the unknown because the more the unknown reveals its secrets the more the known loses its omnipotence and dominance of perception. How funny this is when what is perceived as the known is only a decoded figment of the unknown’s imagination. The dream is the dreamer but can only see the dream. The known is the unknown but can only see the known. This ‘known’, the holographic illusion, is where people invent and worship their beliefs while the realms of waveform and pure Consciousness connect everything as One. The control system demands for its very survival that the mentality of ignorance be constantly maintained and so ‘visionaries’ have always been sought out and targeted by the authorities of the day. True visionaries are so immensely threatening to the prevailing order which needs to lasso human perception and tie it to the hologram. 
 These are some definitions of ‘normal’: 
 • Conforming with, adhering to, or constituting a norm, standard, pattern, level, or type; typical. 
• Relating to or characterized by average intelligence or development. 
• Free from mental illness; sane. 
 So ‘normal’ is conforming to a standard or typical pattern. But what dictates and constitutes ‘standard and typical’? The perceptions and behaviour of the majority. It is the majority’s perceptions and behaviour that become the standard and typical ‘normal’. The term is also ‘characterised by average intelligence or development’ and so to be above average intelligence makes you abnormal. And here’s the punch line … to be normal is to be ‘free from mental illness; sane’. Everything is inverted as usual. To be free from mental illness and sane is to conform with, adhere to, or constitute a norm, standard, pattern, level or type; typical; and to relate or be characterised by average intelligence or development. But how do they define average intelligence or development? It is the average compared with all the others who believe only in the perceived known. Those that see beyond the ‘known’ are, by definition, too intelligent to be considered ‘normal’, but not normal enough to be considered ‘free from mental illness; sane’. It’s hysterical. 
 If you are born into a madhouse, and you know nothing else, then madness to you is normal. It is still crazy, but it’s  normal  crazy masquerading as sanity. Welcome to Planet Earth, a standard, typical, normal, madhouse where civilians are bombed to protect them from violence, children starve in a world of plenty, people borrow money that doesn’t exist and pay interest on it, food is a form of poison and the inmates can’t see how comprehensively they are been shafted because they are too busy following their football team and watching Eastenders and X Factor. To grasp what is really going on here we have to disconnect the terms ‘sane’ and ‘normal’ because they are not at all interchangeable; and we have to realize that what is termed ‘normal’ is an advanced form of insanity. Once people get that, everything makes sense and falls into place. Don’t try to make sense of the world on the basis that the world is sane and therefore try to work out why intelligent people would make decisions that cause daily death, destruction, suffering and deprivation. The people making those decisions are mad and demented, and that is why their actions are mad and demented. Those tracts of the population that support those actions and can make rational sense of them are an extension of the same madness and dementia. It is simple cause and effect. The world is mad because those running the world and much of the population are in a state of madness. The point is, though, that they don’t  have  to be. 
 Madness is only extreme myopia and ignorance and both are the creation of a closed and padlocked mind. Open your mind beyond myopia and ignorance and this madness will take care of itself. Gone. This process is far simpler than people believe (what you believe you perceive and what you perceive you experience). It means only to open your sense of the possible to All Possibility. Most people have a belief system and anything outside of that must prove itself (on their terms) to be possible. In other words, All Possibility is constantly on trial with the belief system as the judge. How about taking All Possibility as the norm and making anything that speaks of the impossible justify itself? Running a mile in four minutes was considered impossible until someone did it by a fraction and then many others followed in the knowledge – the belief – that it could be done. Humanity’s sense of the possible and obsession with the impossible are the greatest enslavers of real progress. 
 The foundation of any challenge to control must be, has to be and cannot be anything else but the opening and awakening of Mind to Consciousness outside  the Matrix . Without that we should go home and do what we can to prepare for the inevitable extremes of the tyranny that is heading our way so quickly. People can stockpile all the weapons they like, organise all the protests they like and attack the Control System all they like, but in the end it won’t matter. The Control System is what it is and what it is becoming because the mass of humanity is trapped in the perceptions of Mind. The controllers are mind parasites, after all. But they cannot parasitize, manipulate and programme Consciousness because it is well out of their range. Believers in religion, politics and mainstream science are all underpinning the Control System agenda by falling for their game – their mind game. 
 The character in the   Matrix  trilogy , called the Trainman, said of his domain: 
 
 ‘You don’t get it. I built this place. Down here I make the rules. Down here I make the threats. Down here, I’m God.’ 
 
 It was in these terms that the Gnostics described our world in relation to the Demiurge and the Archons. When you are entrapped in the five senses, and their associated mind, your perception of reality is what the Archons tell you it is. The Control System can only have any effect in the realm of the mind and the ‘physical’ senses. Once you open to All Possibility, your point of attention – of perception – expands into the realms of Consciousness. From there the game is so easy to understand, but without that understanding how can anyone make an informed and effective judgement on how to respond to the global situation that we face? 
 Self-identity is the key to everything. You are the  All That Is  , All-Knowing, All Possibility. But your attention is currently focused on a tiny range of frequency called visible light and that focus is given names and labels like John and Amy, Caucasian and Jew, rich and poor. 
 So which ‘you’ are you going to identify with? Do you self-identify with what you really are or only with what you are experiencing? John and Amy, Caucasian and Jew, rich and poor are all figments of the illusion and if that is your only self-identity then the Matrix rules your perception because you have no other point of reference for what is happening to you and the world. Your life this far has been dictated by who you thought you were. Change what you think you are and you will change what you perceive and experience. Together we will change what we  all  perceive and experience. There is no way out of where we are unless there is a transformation of our sense of self from the self-identity that  put  us where we are. 
 The more you move your point of attention to the heart the more our suicidal society becomes self-evident. The Archons have transformed a heart society into a gut society to make humanity easy to scam, manipulate and control. In the spirit of removing the cause of the problem we have to change it back again. The heart and associated heart vortex, or chakra, are our prime connection to the infinite forever. The brain is supposed to be its servant not its master, but the Archon hijack could not have got anywhere close to where it is without the brain usurping the pre-eminence of the heart. 
 Giordano Bruno  (1548-1600) had the insight that comes from going beyond time and saw through the official version of reality. It was Bruno who said: ‘the Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it’ and ‘heroic love is the property of those superior natures who are called insane, not because they do not know, but because they over-know’. The known fears the unknown. What Bruno, Da Vinci and others tapped into for their insight may always have been there, but it can only be accessed by opening the mind and crucially the heart. This is the gift of heart intelligence. The heart views everything from outside the illusion. It is  in  this world, but not  of  it. As a result, people with heart intelligence are seen as crazy and impossible to fathom or understand. 
 The brain is not the source of  anything . It is the conduit, the biological computer system, which responds to information stimuli and makes it conscious in terms of five-sense perception and behaviour. Different areas of the brain become activated, or ‘light up’, when energetic information is received that relates to a specific role in decoding and communicating information to the holographic conscious mind. The information can come from the heart and the greater Consciousness (what some call the soul), or it can come from direct Archontic possession and the endless Archontic programs such as education, science, medicine, media, politics etc. Once you open yourself to heart intelligence –  innate  intelligence,  universal  intelligence – the ‘opposition’ is routed and the heart and brain speak as one. 
 The Archons target the heart vortex in the way they have structured society and lock people into the emotional chakra in the gut. Positive feelings and perceptions like love and joy (high frequency) come from the belly. The idea is to block the influence of the heart by giving people so many reasons to feel fear, anxiety, stress and depression. Stress causes heart disease because it stems the flow of energy through the heart chakra and causes it to form a chaotic field that becomes more intense the longer the stress continues. This distortion is transferred through to the holographic heart and there you have the reason why in a fearful and stressed society that heart disease is a mass global killer. 
 The  heart vortex  and its massive electromagnetic field is where human perception has been most effectively hijacked and we need to reverse that. Nothing is more important than this for those who truly want to free themselves from Archontic tyranny. If people think they can meet this challenge with anger, hatred or violent revolution they should feel free to waste their time. No shift from gut to heart = global tyranny. Shift from gut to heart = game over. It is possible to override and bypass the brain altogether and in fact this must be done to go beyond ‘time and space’. This is what Da Vinci, Bruno and others were doing. 
 Normally information enters what we call the conscious mind through the brain with all the potential interference, blocks and filters caused by belief, emotion and other programming. But if you move your point of attention from the body out into the infinity beyond the Matrix you can make a direct connection between expanded insight and your own awareness. The ‘cavalry’ hasn’t come to you – you have gone to the ‘cavalry’. With the insight absorbed by your expanded point of attention you can bring that back to five-sense reality through the heart as intuitive knowing and not as mere thought which is routed through the brain. This is how we can tap into infinite insight and inspired knowing and bring it through into this reality in a pure and untarnished form. 
 About the Author 
 Julian Websdale is an independent researcher in the fields of esoteric science and metaphysics, and a self-initiate of the Western Esoteric Tradition. His interest in these subjects began in 1988. Julian was born in England, received his education as an electronic and computer engineer from the University of Bolton, served in a Vaishnava monastery during 2010, and has travelled to over 21 countries. Julian is also a member of the Palestinian Solidarity Campaign. 
 Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/pages/Julian-Websdale/413610718715260  Twitter:  https://twitter.com/JulianWebsdale  Blog:  http://julianwebsdale.tumblr.com/ 
 Reference: 
 Icke, D. (2013).  The Perception Deception . Ryde: David Icke Books. 
 This article is offered under Creative Commons license. It’s okay to republish it anywhere as long as attribution bio is included and all links remain intact. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  | Tagged  Archons ,  arrogance ,  birth ,  brain ,  change ,  conform ,  counter culture ,  Da Vinci ,  David Icke ,  Deception ,  dictates ,  Einstein ,  esoteric science ,  five senses ,  Giordano Bruno ,  gnosis ,  Gnostics ,  heart ,  hologram ,  Holographic Universe ,  human perception ,  humanity ,  ignorance ,  ignorance and arrogance ,  information ,  innate intelligence ,  inspired ,  intelligence ,  job ,  Julian Websdale ,  knowers ,  madhouse ,  madness ,  Matrix ,  Media ,  mental illness ,  metaphysics ,  mind control ,  normal ,  opinions ,  perception deception ,  programmed ignorance ,  propaganda ,  sane ,  Self ,  status ,  system ,  transformation ,  visionaries ,  vortex  |   2 Comments 
 
 About 
 Home 
 Poetry 
 Writing 
 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Near-Death Experience Story of Mellen-Thomas Benedic 
 Astrotheology Meme 
 5 Monkeys, a Banana and a Ladder 
 SELF IMAGE 
 War On The Poor 
 All The Young Dudes 
 Cognitive Dissonance 
 Edgar Cayce: Ordinary Man, Extraordinary Messenger 
 Hanging Ten over the Apocalypse with Belief in Our Essence 
 The Son of God is the Sun of God. 
 THE GAME OF LIFE 
 The Nikola Tesla Interview Hidden For 116 Years 
 31 Quotes by Nikola Tesla 
 The Truth About Historical Jesus 
 Some Carl Jung Quotes 
 Zoroastrianism 
 Subliminal Behavior Modification Using TV, Computer Monitor Described in US Patents 
 The Theology of Emperor Julian 
 Who Am I? 
 The 4 Agreements 
 Buddhism and Gnosticism 
 Rosicrucianism 
 4 Video Clips That Will Change the Way You Look at the World 
 Engineered food and your health: the nutritional status of GMOs 
 Did Philip K. Dick disclose the real Matrix in 1977? 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month May 2016  (1) February 2016  (4) January 2016  (3) December 2015  (1) November 2015  (2) October 2015  (3) September 2015  (3) August 2015  (5) June 2015  (1) May 2015  (9) April 2015  (8) October 2014  (1) September 2014  (6) August 2014  (7) July 2014  (7) June 2014  (12) May 2014  (34) April 2014  (79) March 2014  (43) February 2014  (56) January 2014  (1) 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 ADMIN 
 Alan Watts Lectures 
 Bruce Lipton  Biology of Belief 
 Joseph Campbell Foundation 
 Manly P Hall Archive 
 Peter Russell 
 Terence Mckenna Counter Culture 
 Tom Campbell 
 
 Tags 
 9/11   Alan Watts   America   astrotheology   awakening   awareness   belief   beliefs   Bhagavad Gita   Bible   Big Brother   brainwashed   Buddha   Buddhism   choice   Christ   Christianity   CIA   Consciousness   constantine   control   Corporate Capitalism   Corporations   corruption   creation   culture   death   debt   Deception   Delusion   DNA   dogma   Earth   ego   Egypt   elites   Energy   enlightenment   esoteric   existence   experience   FBI   FDA   Fear   Federal Reserve   fraud   Freedom   Free Will   GMO   GMOs   gnosis   Gnostic   Gnosticism   God   government   history   Horus   Human   I Am   ignorance   Illusion   information   Jesus   Jesus Christ   jesus myth   Karma   knowledge   Krishna   lies   Life   Light   literalism   Love   LSD   materialism   Matrix   Media   media lies   meditate   Meditation   metaphysics   Mind   mind control   money   Monsanto   murder   myth   mythology   nature   One   Oneness   Pagan   paganism   perception   philosophy   Plato   poem   politics   power   propaganda   real   reality   reincarnation   Religion   Rome   science   Self   Slavery   society   soul   Spirit   spirituality   Sun   system   Time   Truth   TV   universe   US Government   vaccines   war   Wisdom   within   You   youtube 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
