
 Grizzly Sales Force  
 Recent News & Events 
 Navigation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
   
 Dressing for Success with Grizzly Sales Force 
 Posted on  March 13, 2020  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Welcome to interview season! As the weather warms up, so does the need for a new work opportunity. Our recruiting team here at  Grizzly Sales Force  is excited to begin meeting with qualified candidates over the upcoming weeks to fill a few of our open positions. Are you on our schedule? Congratulations! We understand that for many of you, this may be your first professional job interview. Our first bit of advice - prepare ahead of time. You don’t want nerves to get in the way! Secondly, dress for success! How you present yourself on this first face-to-face meeting can be the make or break on whether or not you land the job. To help you prepare, we are sharing three tips on how to dress business professional. 
 
 Dress for the job that you want, not the job that you have 
 
 Never worn a suit before? There is no better time than the present! You do not want to show up to a professional job interview dressed in jeans and a polo. We suggest a full suit for both men and women. Our team is not hiring based on a candidate’s fashion sense, but it is crucial for us to see if someone can confidently carry themselves. An interviewer will most likely make up their mind about whether they are interested in a candidate or not within the first five minutes. Make sure that they know that you are prepared in all aspects and that they can feel confident about your meeting with their clients! 
 
 Less is More 
 
 It can be so tempting to go all out when dressing for an interview. You want them to see you at your best; we get that! However, you don’t want the interviewer to be focused entirely on your outfit or your perfume and not on you. When picking a fragrance, go with something light. When choosing a shirt, think professional yet calm. You want your outfit to compliment your achievements and your personality. 
 
 Prepare Ahead of Time 
 
 Our last tip is all about preparation. Don’t wait until the last minute to get dressed. Have your outfit laid out a few days beforehand. This gives you plenty of time to get your suit dry cleaned and pressed if need be. On the morning of your interview, you should be focused on practicing common interview questions and doing last-minute research on the position. You should not be attempting to iron your shirt or pick out a belt. 
 Heading into an interview can be nerve-wracking. Hopefully, by following these steps, you will have plenty of time to dedicate yourself to mentally preparing. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we want all of our candidates to walk into our office with their best foot forward. We know that dressing business professional can be confusing, and we don’t want inexperience to stand in your way! Remember, show up in a clean, wrinkle-free suit with a smile on your face. We can hardly wait to meet with you and, hopefully, welcome you to our growing team! 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Careers ,  Interviewing ,  Success  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  Careers ,  graduation ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  internship ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  sales ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 Theresa Salas Masters Recruiting and Motherhood 
 Posted on  November 21, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Grizzly Sales Force  is celebrating the three-month anniversary of one of our incredible team members! Theresa Salas joined the team as a Human Resources and Recruiting Manager in August and has already created a strong record of success. We sat down with her this month to discuss exactly what it is that makes her such an amazing leader. We could tell you her story, but instead, we’ll let her take this one. 
 “I was born in Sacramento California and grew up in different parts of the state. Some of the most influential childhood experiences for me include learning how to save and invest, always being encouraged to try everything at least once, and never giving up on what I wanted to accomplish. Some of my fondest memories of my childhood include raising my first dog and training her to her full potential. I had a German Shepherd and she was the smartest dog I have ever come across. She knew all kinds of tricks from sit to play dead. I also always recall my father encouraging me to try new things at least once because you cannot say you don't like something if you've never tried it. These new activities with my dad included mountain biking, learning how to ride a motorcycle, learning how to ride a jet ski and of course, skiing in the snow! I was never too involved with sports at school, however, I did play tennis, volleyball, and kickball. I have always been a competitive person, but group sports definitely helped build the foundation for healthy competition, how to be a team player, and how to enjoy the wins big to small.” 
 Did you see yourself in this industry? 
 “I had no idea I would be in this field, but I ended up loving it! I have always had a strong background in customer service and the ambition to try something new, so it was all about finding a rhythm. My childhood dream job, because of my love for animals, was to be a veterinarian or to major in equine science, which deals with horses. My father was a police officer, so I always imagined combining our two careers and becoming an animal safety police officer. Now just having a dog is enough for me.” 
 Tell us about your college experience. 
 “I absolutely loved college! Human Anatomy and Math were my two favorite subjects, and I loved how the environment was independent and challenging. I always made it a goal to finish top in my class and help others understand concepts that might have not been clear. I plan on finishing my Bachelor's in business within the next year or so.” 
 Where did you work before joining the Grizzly  team? 
 “Before joining  Grizzly Sales Force,  I worked as an Inbound Sales and Relationship Manager at a Credit Union called First Tech in California. I absolutely loved this job because I got to solve Credit Union members' problems and give helpful financial tips on a daily basis.” 
 What is one life experience you feel has shaped you? 
 “One life experience that has helped shape me into the person I am today is having the privilege to travel to third world countries. Traveling to third world countries has made me a more humble and appreciative human being. I love being immersed in different lifestyles and cultures and wish everyone had this opportunity.” 
 What is something we might not know just by looking at you? 
 “Something you may not know just by looking at me is that I have a three-year-old daughter and I have traveled to more than seven countries.” 
 What do you consider to be your greatest skill? 
 “One of my greatest skills would have to be my ability to adapt and grow in any situation, I love figuring things out and being able to master anything new until the point where I can teach and influence others.” 
 What is the first thing you noticed about your company? 
 “The first thing I noticed at my office was the family office environment. I can honestly say we all treat each other with kindness and respect, but we are also about having fun and motivating one another.” 
 What are some of your best memories in the company? 
 “Recently, I was given an opportunity to join a leaders conference in Chicago. This was both empowering and inspirational because I got to see what growth and success look like in the office.” 
 What are the greatest challenges that you’ve dealt with in your work? 
 “The most challenging part of my workload is finding a good rhythm and balance. I have made a schedule that I still adjust now and then that designates times for making calls and scheduling potential new starts with the company. I have gained plenty of new experience in my role as a recruiter, and have learned how to better manage my time so that each minute at work is productive. Having the opportunity to meet so many new people has been my favorite aspect of the job.” 
 What are some of your proudest memories? 
 “One of the proudest moments in my life, besides watching my mini-me grow and learn every day, was graduating top of my class and delivering my graduation speech. At work, I have had the pleasure of receiving praise and acknowledgment for the hard work I do to help our company grow.” 
 What would you do if you won the lottery? 
 “If I won the lottery, I would probably buy my mother a brand-new house and help my family in any way possible. I would also travel to the rest of the places on my bucket list!” 
 When would you say you became an adult? 
 “I tell myself that I became an adult at the age of 15 because I moved out of my parents’ house and went to a different state to start a new life. If I could tell myself something at age 13, I would tell myself to enjoy being a kid and let adulthood run its course because it's inevitable. I would also encourage myself to be happy and enjoy the smallest pleasures in life.” 
 How do you define success? 
 “I define success as something that is achievable but is also revolving. You can be successful at many things, but life keeps going, so pocket that success and move towards greater successes.” 
 What are you passionate about? 
 “I am passionate about people, learning and teaching others. I love being able to explain how things work and I love helping others in any way that I can.” 
 What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done? 
 “I have done a lot of crazy things in my life, but the craziest thing so far would have to be learning how to ride a motorcycle in one day and then travel more than 600 miles on a road trip.” 
 What makes her work harder each day to achieve her goals? What keeps her moving during the slow days of life? For Theresa, it’s simple. “The main thing that motivates me each day to get out of bed and be the best human I can possibly be is not a thing but a person,” says Salas, “My sweet daughter, Persephonie Amia, is the best gift that I have ever received, and I am so blessed to be able to watch her learn and grow.” 
 Posted in  Success ,  Team Members  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  business school ,  Careers ,  development ,  graduation ,  intern ,  internship ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  linkedin ,  marketing ,  memphis ,  mississippi ,  productive ,  productivity ,  promotion ,  reviews ,  sales ,  Success ,  team ,  university of memphis   Leave a comment     
 Meet Markus Pierce: Account Manager 
 Posted on  May 14, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Welcome to  Grizzly Sales Force , where we value teamwork above all else. We would not have seen the great success we have reached today if it were not for the hard work and determination of our team. This month, we wanted to shine a spotlight on Markus Pierce, an account manager on our team. Pierce was born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee and has been in the business since October of 2017. 
 Pierce remembers his childhood as one filled with activity and excitement. “My parents would describe me as very outgoing and energetic,” says Pierce, “I was always looking for something to get into- good or bad. I always had a vision for being my own boss and even started selling snacks to other students in middle school.” The drive towards business is something that always existed in Pierce’s life, long before he earned the title of account manager. As a high school student, the achiever was involved in the Future Business Leaders of America. “Getting involved with FBLA exposed me to a business culture at the very beginning of my high school career,” says Pierce, “It helped influence the decision to take the entrepreneurial path. I always knew I wanted to start in sales and marketing because sales are everywhere. The world revolved around sales.” 
 After high school, Markus Pierce packed his bags and began his career at the early age of eighteen. “Moving to a whole new city at the age of eighteen taught me to be fully independent and changed my life.” 
 It wasn’t long ago that Pierce was walking through the  Grizzly Sales Force  for the first time. Since that day he has seen such great growth and has inspired us as his teammates. “My first thought when I joined the team was of the end goal,” says Pierce, “the merit-based business model caught my eye. When I learned that growth had nothing to do with age or experience, I was all in! Not only has this career grown me as a businessman, but it has enforced more discipline and structure into my personal life.” 
 As for the culture here at  Grizzly Sales Force , Pierce speaks with glowing reviews. “The family culture and strong team environment are what brought me into the business,” says Pierce, “to use one word- ecstatic! The energy and culture we have created have given us such a strong foundation. Every morning there are twenty or more people pushing me to hit my goals- that took my inspiration to a whole new level.” 
 “The number one lesson I have learned through my work is that any dream is possible as long as you have a support system. Being disciplined in what separates the successful from the unsuccessful.” 
 Despite the growth he has already found, Markus Pierce is only looking up. “My main goal is to be in a position to help others succeed and hit their personal goals. The people I grew up around tended to tear each other down, never building one another up. I want to be the person that changes the flow of things, the one that breaks the stereotypes.” 
 Posted in  Business ,  Careers ,  Leadership ,  Promotions ,  Success ,  Uncategorized  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  Careers ,  development ,  graduation ,  intern ,  internship ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  marketing ,  memphis ,  productive ,  productivity ,  promotion ,  reviews ,  sales ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 Why Choose A Career In Sales 
 Posted on  February 21, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 When you hear the word sales, what is the first thing that comes to mind? Some generate images of Jordan Belfort with a lavish life of luxury, others envision a pushy car salesman, and some are completely outside of the box, not quite understanding the benefits or sacrifices that come from a career in salse. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we believe that sales as a career is a wonderful opportunity for professional growth full of amazing benefits. Today, we wanted to share three great benefits that come standard with this field. 
 One of our favorite things about working in sales is getting to be around people. Between the people on our team, our clients, and every new person we meet, every day is something different with someone different. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we work together as a group to help each other reach our goals. If networking is something you crave, sales is the perfect fit! Sales is a great way to get yourself out in the world, meeting new people along the way. If you are introverted and shy, sales is also the perfect fit! When you have a career in sales, you will gain tons of new skills to help you feel more comfortable speaking with new people. Also, sales will help you to get yourself out there, boosting your confidence and self-esteem. Having a career in sales allows you to be present and form real connections. 
 A major perk of this sales industry is that growth is based on performance. Who doesn’t like the sound of that?! A career in sales allows you to drive your own success, at whatever pace you set. Are you a go-getter who always has their foot on the gas or do you prefer to move at a steady pace? Either way, sales is the perfect fit! Sales allows you to be the driver on your trip to greatness. Remember, the amount of work you put into anything determines your results, and a career in sales is exactly that. Unleash your untapped potential and dive into the world of sales. 
 Are you dreaming of having the freedom to control your own life? With a career in sales, you can do just that! Imagine being able to be in your control of your time (most sales jobs require a high level of self-management), dictate your income (hellooo, commission), and spend time with family and friends. Sounds like the dream, right? You might be thinking to yourself, how can sales allow me to have such freedom? When you work hard and prove to your company that you can drive results, you become an invaluable asset and benefits like these will naturally follow. Granted, the early years of sales jobs require more legwork than play time, but over time, your decision to pay now and play later will literally pay off. Within our Management Training Program at Grizzly Sales Force, our focus is to develop sales reps into sales managers, giving team members the opportunity to dictate their future THEMSELVES. With sales, there's less chance of walking in to an unexpected pink slip because the person in control of your progression is yourself. Can a career in any other industry give you that kind of opportunity? We didn’t think so. 
 We could continue to go on about the benefits of working in sales all day, but at the end of the day, enjoying any career is a matter of the mind. If you are someone who would love to have these three benefits in your life, though, we recommend you consider making the switch. We can all personally testify it was the best decision for our careers to date. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Careers ,  Success ,  Uncategorized  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  career advice ,  development ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  jobs ,  learning ,  productivity ,  Success   Leave a comment     
 17 Tips for the Successful Entrepreneur in 2019 
 Posted on  December 27, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 It’s almost that time- a happy new year from Grizzly Sales Force! The new year holiday brings cherished moments with friends and family, a bit of vacation time, a glass or two of champagne, and another year of opportunities. The successful entrepreneur doesn’t look ahead and see the next 365 as a mountain to climb, but rather a ladder reaching to the heights of unmatched success. We’ve consulted our team of winners here at Grizzly Sales Force and compiled the ultimate list of advice for a successful 2019. 
 
 Network, network, network. Take a moment to wish all of your colleagues and mentors a happy new year and see where the conversation blossoms. 
 Grow your team this year, even if it’s only by one. 
 Set at least three meaningful, long term goals. Any successful entrepreneur knows how to set a goal but setting a goal that takes more than a couple of weeks to achieve is where the struggle lies. Think about the entire year ahead, and ask yourself “where do I want to be at the end of 2019?” 
 Connect with the human aspect of your business. It is easy to plant yourself behind a computer and dive into numbers and quotes each day, but every successful entrepreneur knows the importance of checking in with their customers and team members. 
 Re-inspire your work and clarify your vision. 
 Never become complacent. 
 Create a new game plan. Each new year brings change, so a 5-year plan is a thing of the past. Outline your plans and goals for 2019 and start with number 1. 
 Keep an eye on the industry. Watch your competitors and focus on industry trends. 
 Don’t expect immediate success. The path of an entrepreneur is winding, not linear- success truly comes to those who wait. 
 Tear down your minimums and raise your expectations. As a successful entrepreneur, it is imperative that you do more than you did yesterday. 
 Plan a vacation. It is easy to fall into the crazy routine of business, and before you know it you’ve made it to Christmas 2019 without a single day off. Take a mental break, and set a vacation date as a motivator. 
 Pinch a few pennies in 2019. Running a business is hard, start the new year with strong financial habits. 
 Up your professional game through your wardrobe. 
 Remember to take care of yourself and your mental health- you are the head of your business, keep it sharp. 
 Give your LinkedIn a makeover. LinkedIn is your prime networking tool, do not let it slack. 
 Pursue a new social media option for your business. The world of social media 
 Don’t be afraid to ask for help in 2019, no entrepreneur can handle the weight of the world alone. 
 
 From all of us here at Grizzly Sales Force, we wish you a year full of happiness. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Business ,  Success  Tagged  Business ,  development ,  internship ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  marketing ,  promotion ,  sales ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 Interview Do's and Don'ts 
 Posted on  July 21, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Post-grad summer is coming to an end. We all know what that means. If you haven’t started already, it’s time for the job hunt. Fighting the slew of other applicants during this time can feel like swimming upstream, a never-ending battle with no sign of success. Feeling like you might start considering an unpaid internship? Don’t give up hope quite yet.  Grizzly Sales Force  is here to set you on the right track so that the next interview is the last interview. Follow these do’s and don’ts and watch how fast you nail that job. 
 
 Do dress your best. Nothing turns an interviewer off faster than an overly casual candidate. 
 Do arrive at least 10 minutes early, you’re not a burden. 
 Don’t overthink. You’ll put yourself at risk of sounding rehearsed. 
 Don’t seem distracted or disinterested. This may seem obvious, but sometimes anxiety and nerves can come off as disinterest- be careful. 
 Do your research and be prepared to talk specifics. 
 Do make small talk. An interview is about more than just the resume facts, they are looking for a fit for the company culture. 
 Do come prepared with a question. Almost every interview ends with “do you have any questions for me?” A prepared question shows a vested interest in the position and the company. 
 Don’t name drop. If you happen to know someone at the company, wait for it to come up naturally in conversation- chances are the interviewer already knows. For many, it comes off as tacky for a candidate to walk into the room and immediately and  unnaturally  mention someone who happens to work there. 
 Don’t trash talk your previous company. It is common for interviewers to ask a candidate what they did/didn’t like about their previous job. Of course, be honest, but there is a way to do that without being bitter or disrespectful. Instead of “my boss was a jerk,” maybe go for “there wasn’t strong communication between leadership and the rest of the team.” 
 Don’t people please. Trust us, we get it. When you want the job bad enough, you will say almost anything in an interview. However, the transition into the company will be much easier if you are honest about exactly who you are, and what you want out of a job. If the interviewer asks you if you know how to use photoshop, don’t say yes just to snag the job. Next thing you know, you’re sole task in the company is photoshop, now what? Be respectful, flexible, positive, but  honest . 
 
 You’re all set! You’ve got everything you need to impress that interviewee in a matter of 15 minutes. From all of us here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we wish you the best of luck. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Interviewing  Tagged  Business ,  career advice ,  Careers ,  graduation ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  internship ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  memphis ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 How to Kickstart Your Career in Ten Minutes 
 Posted on  May 21, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 LinkedIn is a popular form of professional social media and online resume building, but the true muscle is in the myriad of hidden features. By taking advantage of everything the site has to offer, you can get a leg up on the job hunt in a matter of minutes. 
 
 Groups 
 
 Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we know that the secret sauce of a strong professional network is exclusivity. Creating a group of people based on a shared professional interest can drastically boost your success on this platform and beyond. When considering your connections, i.e “1st level, 2nd level, 3rd.,” the power of the group is in the maximization. When posting about a job change, a job search, an accomplishment, etc. in the group, your announcement is boosted beyond those 1st level connections. 
 
 Publications 
 
 Are you an aspiring journalist? Highlight your work in the publications tab with direct links to your articles. Not to mention, this feature is apt for showing off social media management work through Instagram feeds or editorial blogs. Advertising your creative work in such a dynamic way will set you apart from the drab of bulleted links. 
 
 Connections @ Company 
 
 Congrats, you’ve found your dream company! LinkedIn has even done you the favor of showing you that you are a “perfect match” for this company, with all of the qualifications of a potential employee. The key to success after the first “congratulations!” notification, is forging deeper connections. Lucky for you, LinkedIn shows any and all connections you may have at the company for potential contact. Our advice here at  Grizzly Sales Force  is to take that gift and run with it. Contact those connections, because you never know will end up in your corner. 
 
 Career Advice 
 
 An overused piece of advice to students and young professionals is “find a mentor.” However, we know that is much easier said than done. With LinkedIn, the professional fantasy of a wiser, older guru with years of experience to help guide you through the trials and tribulations of your chosen career path is now a reality. By opting into the “Career Advice” feature, you are opening yourself to the opportunity to gain valuable advice from behind your screen. 
 
 “Get Introduced” 
 
 Looking for a way in? When you stumble upon a connection of a connection, you have the opportunity through LinkedIn to “Get Introduced Through a Connection.” Skip the uncomfortable, “Didn’t you work with her? Could you introduce me?” text. We think you should let LinkedIn do the dirty work for you. 
 In the modern digital age, much of the professional networking happens through social media, and the key to a successful career is harnessing that knowledge. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force  we feel confident that you too can harness this knowledge to transform your career in minute 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Business ,  Careers ,  Leadership  Tagged  Business ,  career advice ,  Careers ,  graduation ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  linkedin ,  mentor ,  promotion   Leave a comment 
 Testimonials & Reviews From Our Interns 
 Posted on  April 30, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Internships are a smart way to get ahead of the game before earning your degree. They give you hands-on experience, look great on resumes, and give you a taste of the "real world". At  Grizzly Sales Force , we offer internships to motivated, hardworking individuals looking to get their feet wet in the business industry. See what it's like interning with our company as our current interns share their experiences! 
 Kalyn - Sophomore, University of Memphis 
 
 My experience as an intern at Grizzly Sales Force has been a great one. I've had the opportunity to learn through hands-on involvement in a positive work environment. I've even learned life lessons on how to apply a more positive attitude and be solution oriented. The CEO/President,  Mike Figueroa , has been an amazing role model as a hardworking, family-oriented man who always motivates me to be better and work harder. 
 
 Devonte - Junior, University of Memphis 
 
 Working at grizzly sales force is one of the best opportunities I have ever had. I work 3 days a week bringing home $800-$1000 checks. I get to conduct interviews with potential candidates. This job prepares me for a lot of professional speaking, which I was never good at doing. I am also learning how to be better with responsibilities for both life and career. Also, my communication skills with people have escalated due to servicing customers' wants and needs. 
 
 Darell - Sophomore, University of Memphis 
 
 My experience with Grizzly Sales Force has been nothing short of great, from the hard work and growth to the team nights and bonding. Since I’ve been with Grizzly Sales Force, I have tapped into the potential I always knew I had, but I was just unsure how to bring it out. I look forward to the continued growth and fun times that await with the company that I am proud to say I am apart of. 
 
 For more information on the careers and internships that Grizzly Sales Force offers, please visit our  website  or check out our  CareerBuilder  profile! 
 Posted in  Internships ,  reviews ,  Team Members  Tagged  Business ,  business school ,  Careers ,  employee reviews ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzly sales force reviews ,  grizzly sales force salary ,  grizzly sales memphis ,  grizzly salesforce glassdoor ,  grizzly salesforce inc ,  grizzly salesforce jobs ,  grizzly salesforce salary ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  intern ,  internship ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  marketing ,  memphis ,  reviews ,  sales ,  Success ,  team ,  university of memphis ,  working at grizzly sales force   Leave a comment 
 Leaving Behind an Empire: Account Manager Wil Skelton 
 Posted on  March 4, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
   
   
   
   
   
 Individuals from all backgrounds, college degrees, and work experiences can excel in a career at  Grizzly Sales Force . Account Manager Wil Skelton is a prime example of this. Though he is a newer addition to our team, Wil has quickly made a name for himself in our company. 
 Describing himself as a "Mama's Boy", Wil grew up in Greenville, Mississippi as an only child. He has always been heavily involved in sports and loves being a part of a team environment. When Wil was younger, he mostly played basketball, baseball, and soccer. During high school, Will added track, football, and golf to that list. Helping his football team win the state championship in 2011 and his track team win it the following year, it is evident that Wil plays to win. 
 After high school, Wil attended Ole Miss as a Criminal Justice major but later transferred to Mississippi State University. Following in his father's footsteps, Wil changed his major to Mechanical Engineering, but he soon encountered the financial hardships that come with pursuing higher education. Wil decided that he would rather work hard for the money rather than to have it borrowed or given to him; he was determined to prove to others that he was capable of supporting himself. 
 Wil applied to many different companies online, including  Grizzly Sales Force . He received a call from our Human Resources Department and was offered the opportunity to interview here. He was open to moving out of Greenville, so he pursued the open position at Grizzly Sales Force in Memphis, TN. Wil enjoyed his preliminary interview with our CEO,  Mike Figueroa, Jr , and how Mike explained the opportunity: you get out exactly what you put in. Even though Wil had zero sales, customer service, or business experience, he proved to our management team at Grizzly Sales Force that he was willing to step outside his comfort zone, and he was determined to be his own boss and control his own destiny. 
 In just one month of working at  Grizzly Sales Force , Wil is rapidly advancing within our firm's Management Training Program. He was promoted from our entry-level position into an Account Management role within 2 weeks of starting here! Wil is currently learning the training process and is excited to start to move into a leadership role, where he will be teaching and developing others. When asked what he loves most about working with Grizzly Sales Force, Wil answered, "I love the work environment and the support from our team. It is impossible to have a bad day when everyone is so motivated and willing to help you succeed." 
 Why did Wil choose a career that was unrelated to his field of study? He liked that the advancement is based on performance; the harder you work, the quicker you move up. Wil wants to leave behind an empire, make an impression on others, and create a "chain reaction" of opportunity. The biggest lesson he has learned while working at  Grizzly Sales Force  to never lose your attitude. It is important to keep your energy level up because customers aren't going to want to talk to you if you're negative! 
 In his spare time, Wil enjoys playing sports-related video games, such NBA 2K and Madden. He also likes to play golf when the weather is nice. What you may not know about Wil is that he enjoys listening to Taylor Swift when he needs a good pick-me-up song! His greatest mentor is his Grandfather, describing him as responsible and good with money. "He's the type of person I want to be," says Wil. 
 Grizzly Sales Force  is incredibly proud to have Wil on its team. Finding an individual that has a tenacious work ethic and is willing to do whatever it takes to be successful can be rare, but we easily find this in Wil. We will leave you with one of Wil's favorite quotes by Kobe Bryant: 
 
 Those time when you get up early… those times when you stay up late… when you're too tired… you don't want to push yourself, but you do it anyway. That is actually the dream. 
 
 Posted in  Careers ,  Leadership ,  Success ,  Team Members  Tagged  Business ,  Careers ,  employee reviews ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzly sales force reviews ,  grizzly sales force salary ,  grizzly sales memphis ,  grizzly salesforce glassdoor ,  grizzly salesforce inc ,  grizzly salesforce jobs ,  grizzly salesforce salary ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  marketing ,  memphis ,  reviews ,  sales ,  Success ,  team ,  working at grizzly sales force   Leave a comment 
 Call it a Plan: Grizzly Sales Force's New Manager, Tandy 
 Posted on  December 28, 2017  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 
 “A goal without a plan is just a wish.” 
~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry 
 
 The culture at  Grizzly Sales Force  is often described as tight knit and unified. For family oriented individuals, such as our new manager, Tandy, this type of environment is a great fit both professionally and personally. During his time at Grizzly Sales Force, Tandy has demonstrated values such as unity and camaraderie - values that were instilled in him at a young age. 
 Born in the St. James Parish of Montego Bay, Jamaica, in a place called Barrett Town, Tandy has always been very close to his relatives. He grew up with a passion for drawing cartoons and scenery and a love for playing percussion instruments. Tandy even played drums for his church's band and his high school's band! While attending William Knibb Memorial High School, Tandy built picture frames and saving jars out of wood and then marketed and sold them to his peers, proving that he is an entrepreneur a heart! 
 In addition to his craftsmanship, Tandy was a track and field star, where he was mostly a dash runner because he loved to go fast and keep his eye on the prize! In addition to running, Tandy played soccer as a forward. His love for athletics would later become extremely useful in the development of his leadership and team building skills at  Grizzly Sales Force . 
 After finishing his senior year of high school, Tandy participated in the William Knibb Memorial's greater education program, where he studied architectural engineering for 2 years. He decided to leave school to run his own carpentry firm with his cousin. Tandy also obtained a job working for Delta airlines and balanced that job with his carpentry work; he worked for Delta during day and did carpentry at night for close to 3 years! 
 Tandy migrated to the United States in 2012 to Orlando, FL. He made a close friend quickly and the two of them ran a "Golden Crust" franchise, a restaurant that serves authentic Jamaican cuisine. During this time, Tandy was blessed with a beautiful baby girl named Robyn in 2014, who presently lives in Orlando with her mother. 
 Later that year in 2014, Tandy was presented with the opportunity to move to Nashville to partner with his brother and start a catering company named "Nashville Island Cuisine". For a few years, the brothers enjoyed running the company together, but ultimately, the business wasn't as profitable as they hoped. 
 Tandy began searching for new career opportunities outside of the food industry. In the summer of 2016, he came across a LinkedIn job posting for a private marketing and sales firm in Nashville. Tandy was intrigued by the opportunity and the merit based advancement structure; a career that emphasizes rewarding hard work was exactly what he was looking for! 
 Just a couple of months after Tandy started his new marketing and sales career in Nashville, news broke out that our client, DirecTV, would be expanding into Memphis. Our now CEO,  Mike Figueroa , would be overseeing the Memphis market and asked Tandy if he would be interested in moving to Memphis with him to open  Grizzly Sales Force . Tandy recalls, "Mike had open arms for a soldier like me, and I was down for whatever!" 
 Right away, Tandy fell in love with Memphis. Just 3 months after he started working in Memphis, Tandy reached the qualifications for Assistant Management! How did he do it so quickly? Tandy remembers, "I was very intentional about everything. I was a man on a mission. I believed in myself and my team." Tandy also had (and still has) a "vision mirror," where he writes down his goals on his bathroom mirror. Tandy laughs, "I like looking good, but I love seeing my goals even better!" 
 Now officially a manager within  Grizzly Sales Force , Tandy will be opening his own consulting firm in Grand Rapids, Michigan by late January, representing another multi-billion dollar telecommunications client. When Tandy received word that Grand Rapids was an open market for the client, Tandy checked it out, and he loved it! While visiting the area, he experienced the great culture and welcoming people of Grand Rapids! 
 Besides opening his new company, Tandy has plans to found a non-profit organization called "Fambily Guyz" - Fambily being the Jamaican word for Family. The organization will create healthier relationships in the household, especially for teenagers and their parents. Being the family oriented individual that Tandy is (he even calls himself a "Momma's Boy"), effective communication and strong relationships amongst family members are crucial for him. 
 Grizzly Sales Force  is incredibly proud of what Tandy has accomplished while working with our firm. Our team is excited to see his continued success running his own office in Grand Rapids. 2018 is YOUR year, Tandy! 
   
   
   
   
   
 Posted in  Careers ,  Promotions ,  Success ,  Team Members  Tagged  Business ,  Careers ,  employee reviews ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzly sales force reviews ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  marketing ,  memphis ,  promotion ,  reviews ,  sales ,  Success ,  team ,  working at grizzly sales force   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Search 
 Search 
 Social 
 
 View Grizzly-Sales-Force-1717884228535306's profile on Facebook 
 View grizzlysales1's profile on Twitter 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Instagram 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Pinterest 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Vimeo 
 
 Hours & Info 
 2504 Mt. Moriah Rd Suite D360 
Memphis, TN 38115 
 (901) 405-5563 
 Monday - Friday: 
9:00am - 5:00pm 
Saturday - Sunday: 
CLOSED 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
