Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
The Stollery Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) located at the Sturgeon Community Hospital (SCH) is a 6 bed level 2 NICU that opened in October 2019. The NICU supports the Labor and Delivery (Unit 25) and the Post-Partum (unit 27) at the SCH as well as accepts infants from the other NICUs in the Edmonton Zone. The program utilizes a Family Centered Care philosophy within an interdisciplinary team model. The Registered Nurse (RN) will be required to provide team education and support in neonatal assessment/care to staff of the NICU, Post-Partum and Labor and Delivery units at the SCH. Successful pass of a Math Calculation Competency Assessment of 90% is required prior to the interview process for those who have not taken a math calculation assessment at the Stollery NICUs within the last year. The Edmonton Zone NICU Education Orientation Opportunity is January 18- February 2, 2021 the successful candidate may need to attend this opportunity working a 7.75h day rotation with training at the RAH NICU as a multi-sited NICU position. 
 Description: 
As a Registered Nurse (RN), you will provide a wide variety of nursing services to patients, families, communities and populations, while taking necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. In your role, you will utilize nursing processes, through critical thinking, problem solving and decision making, as well as teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and their families. You will play a leadership role in supporting an integrated and holistic approach to patient care, health promotion and maintenance. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Nurse 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  Sturgeon NICU Support 
 Primary Location:  Sturgeon Community Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  Multi Site - At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.70 
 Posting End Date:  14-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Part Time 
 Date Available:  24-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  11.08 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  28 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Nights, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Current Resuscitation, Stabilization, Triage skills in the role of a RST RN. Current/active Neonatal Resuscitation Program Certification. Completion of NICU education training with experience in both the level 2 and 3 NICU. Current experience supporting a post-partum unit with NICU skill set. Excellent basic computer skills. Excellent communication, interpersonal and collaboration skills and a strong Family Centered Care philosophy are required. Demonstrated ability, to use critical thinking skills including clinical judgment and problem solving skills. Demonstrated effective patient teaching experience both written and verbal. Demonstrated high functioning time-management and organizational skills required. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
As Required. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
