Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Rental Attendant 
 Horseshoe Resort 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WHO WE ARE:  At Horseshoe Resort, we are a team that loves to serve people, priding ourselves on the service that our colleagues deliver to our guests. Horseshoe Resort is always looking for talented individuals to join our growing team of hospitality professionals and recreation enthusiasts. If you are outgoing, friendly and love adventure and the outdoors, you may be the person we are looking for! 
 Position Summary 
 While representing the resort and providing a high standard of customer service, the rentalattendant will be answering customer inquiries about the recreation department's productsand services. Processing and scanning the customer's rental forms and assisting in sizingequipment to customer’s needs. This is a part time to full time seasonal job and the attendantwill be required to work on weekdays, evenings, weekends, and holidays. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
Assist with the provisions of rental equipment that is appropriate and safe for every skier/snowboarder. 
Maintain and control inventory of equipment. 
Set up and ensure efficient operation of ski and snowboard areas. 
Ensure rental and tuning areas are well maintained with emphasis on cleanliness and safety. 
Answer customer inquiries about products and services the department offers including; waxing, sizing, snow conditions and any other general inquiries. 
Scan and process rentals forms and returns using the resorts POS system. 
Assist customers in proper sizing and appropriate rental equipment. 
Work promptly and courteously at all times. 
Working in a team setting to provide positive and friendly customer service to all guests. 
Being flexible with departments scheduling. 
Being punctual and professional with all duties. 
 Qualifications: 
Customer services skills/experience. 
A passion for skiing and snowboarding an asset 
POS experience is an asset. 
Understanding of alpine equipment is preferred 
Proven success in a team environment. 
 Join our team today, and enjoy employee perks such as Resort staff pass for yourself and your dependents, retail, lodging, and restaurant discounts, along with additional perks and discounts at our other affiliated resort – Deerhurst Resort in Muskoka. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
