Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 11R - Branch Coordinator 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Branch Coordinator 
Clerk R11 
 Currently there is one (1) full-time, temporary opportunity available until 4-JUN-2021 
Position located in Victoria, BC 
This temporary opportunity may be extended and/or may become permanent 
An eligibility list may be established for future permanent and/or temporary vacancies 
Due to present physical distancing requirements related to COVID-19, the recruitment process for this competition may take place virtually 
 Do you thrive in a high volume environment? Do you enjoy serving a diversified public? Can you change priorities on a dime? 
 The Branch Coordinator is responsible for coordinating branch office administration functions and communication and engagement for field staff across the province. Responsibilities include time and leave management, budget and human resources administration, records and correspondence management, event coordination, meeting support, travel booking and project management support services including project monitoring and reporting. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with stunning beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Christopher.Gregory@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 
 NOTE: Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS 
 Education & Experience: 
Secondary school graduation or equivalent (GED). 
A minimum of 2 years’ experience providing administrative and financial support services for a group of staff. 
A minimum of 1 year of experience with financial transactions/activities (e.g. accounts payable, purchasing, petty cash reconciliation, etc.). 
 Preferred Requirements: 
Preference may be given to applicants with one (1) or more of the following: 
 Experience with records management. 
Experience in human resources, payroll and leave management. 
Experience working in a virtual environment. 
Experience with coordination and organization of meetings and events. 
Experience providing project management support services. 
 Provisos: 
Experience Must be proficient with keyboarding, word processing, spread-sheeting, databases and other standard computer applications (e.g. MS Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint). 
Successful completion of security screening requirements of the BC Public Service, which may include a criminal records check, and/or Criminal Records Review Act (CRRA) check, and/or enhanced security screening checks as required by the ministry (Note: It is important that you read the job posting carefully to understand the specific security screening requirements pertaining to the position). 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS 
 Cover Letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - Ensure your resume includes your educational accomplishments, employment history including start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and any relevant information that relates to the job to which you are applying. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 
 IMPORTANT: Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history, including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your job-related responsibilities, accountabilities and accomplishments. *Ensure your questionnaire responses are complete as your resume may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
