Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: career synopsis 
 October 9, 2010 * 12:40 pm 
 Shelter From the Storm 
 Bob Dylan in America by Sean Wilentz (Doubleday; 400 pages; $28.95) 
 Sean Wilentz's  Bob Dylan in America  is a top-notch, first-class synopsis of Bob Dylan's career, contributions to popular music, status as a cultural icon, and - to a lesser extent - his place in the history of American commentators. 
 A person who is taking their first foray into the legend that is Bob Dylan would do well to start here, but the die-hard Dylan-junkies will have encountered much of this material in other familiar works. In fact, Wilentz himself references as sources books, essays, and compilations that many Dylan fanatics will have already read such as Robert Shelton's  No Direction Home,  Martin Scorsese's documentary of the same name, Ratsko Sloman's  On the Road with Bob Dylan,  much of Marcus Greil's work, David Gray's  Song and Dance Man III,  John Bauldie's  Wanted Man: In Search of Bob Dylan,  and, of course, a truly great book, Dylan's own  Chronicles. 
 In light of this, the natural question becomes, "What actually separates this book from the many other books about Dylan?" First, it is extremely well written. But beyond that, Wilentz only partially succeeds in trying to put Dylan's work and  persona  in a historical perspective because he spends a great deal of energy recounting familiar territory, rather than, what a person familiar with Dylan's work might be led to expect by the title would be the primary focus of the book - the integration of Dylan's musical genius into the collective consciousness of our shared American experience. 
 He succeeds to a vastly greater degree in placing Dylan's music in the context of how it relates to our American musical heritage and traditions. Somehow, in the process, he also manages to successfully accomplish an almost impossible task: evoking an understanding of how Dylan expands that very landscape and either consciously or subconsciously defines many of these American musical traditions as well as various poetic and literary movements though his steadfast commitment to performing his music live. Wilentz's continued reference to Dylan as the minstrel couldn't be more appropriate. 
 Additionally, Wilentz manges to refer to Dylan's music intellectually in context, without over-analyzing it - a trap that many other biographers fall into. Another highlight is the unique treatment he gives to Dylan's respects for his predecessors. 
 Dylan's forays into art (painting) is discussed as well as his interest in movies and attempts at acting and producing films. Dylan typically does not come across well in other mediums, but Wilentz rightfully points out that he is more articulate these days, and his movie  Masked and Anonymous  is a much stronger effort than many assumed it would be. 
 The more recent parts of Dylan's career make up some of the most interesting parts of the book, perhaps because there has been less written of them, but the album  Love and Theft  is a masterpiece, his recent tours have been exceptionally strong as compared to his down period, and Dylan's book,  Chronicles  , was extremely absorbing. 
 Wilentz addressed all of these in an interesting and enlightened manner. He also emphasizes what many others have as well: the perplexing mystery of the songs that were left off of the 1983 album  Infidels  (e.g., "Blind Willie McTell" and "Foot of Pride"). 
 Wilentz also discusses Dylan's ability to incorporate past, present, and future into one as he creates his stories and musical impressions. Wilentz's storytelling mimics this to a degree to accentuate the point rather effectively, but he often comes across as having some type of inner knowledge on a topic; only to leave the point unsubstantiated, which is at times both troubling and confusing. 
 The best advice is to read the primary source,  Chronicles  , or better yet, go see Dylan perform live. Then, for a very interesting read for Dylan fans, music lovers, and pop devotees alike, turn to Wilentz. 
 This review was written by Dave Moyer, author of  Life and Life Only  , a novel about baseball and Bob Dylan. We interpret this review to be the equivalent of a  Well Recommended  rating. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  acting ,  American history ,  American Music ,  American musical heritage ,  audio book ,  biography ,  Blind Wille McTell ,  Blonde on Blonde ,  Blood on the Tracks ,  Bob Dylan ,  Bob Dylan in America ,  book review ,  books ,  bookstores ,  Buckets of Rain ,  career synopsis ,  Chronicles ,  contemporary music ,  Dave Moyer ,  David Gray ,  documentary ,  Doubleday Books ,  films ,  Foot of Pride ,  From a Buick 6 ,  In Search of Bob Dylan ,  Infidels ,  Jewish ,  Jewish-American culture ,  John Bauldie ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  legends ,  Life and Life Only ,  Like a Rolling Stone ,  literary movements ,  Marcus Greil ,  Martin Scorsese ,  Masked and Anonymous ,  memoirs ,  minstrels ,  modern music ,  musical genius ,  musical traditions ,  New York City ,  No Direction Home ,  On the Road with Bob Dylan ,  painting ,  past ,  poetry ,  pop culture ,  present and future ,  Ratso Sloman ,  recommended books ,  Robert Shelton ,  Sean Wilentz ,  Shelter From the Storm ,  Song and Dance Man III ,  storytelling ,  the American experience ,  Things Have Changed ,  Wanted Man 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
