
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Starting a Freelance Writing Career with No Experience 
 October 10, 2015 by  Ashlee Anderson   85 Comments 
 __Tweet 30 
 __Pin 15K 
  __Share 26 
  __Share 4 
 15K Shares 
 Freelance Writing Jobs Online for Beginners 
 Five years ago, I announced to my friends and family that I was quitting my decent-paying job for an uncertain future as a freelance writer. My decision raised more than a few eyebrows. Why? 
 I had absolutely zero professional writing experience. Zilch. Nada. Nothing. 
 Those closest to me tried to talk me out of it. But I knew better. I knew that freelance writing jobs were a legitimate (and even lucrative) way to earn money online. So I persevered. 
 And here I am, five years later, earning a full-time income with freelance writing gigs. I learned a lot along the way. Failed a few times. Nearly quit more times than I can count. Even took a six-month hiatus to  work as a Virtual Assistant . But in the end, I always come back to freelance writing because, for one, it's what I love to do, and two, there's never a shortage of freelance writing jobs online (even for beginners!). 
 So if you've wanted to try your hand at writing, but never go for it because of lack of experience, read on. You can start a freelance writing career with absolutely no experience. I did it. And so can you. 
 Freelance Writing Jobs For Beginners 
 Let's go ahead and get this out of the way: You don't need writing experience or a degree to make it as an online writer. What you do need is a desire to succeed and genuine passion for writing. If you don't have both of these traits, then this probably isn't the right online career for you. Without a passion for writing or the desire to do it, you'll quickly fizzle out and be no better off than when you started. 
 With sheer determination and a love of writing, you can get started as a freelance writer thanks to the number of online resources available. 
 How I got started with absolutely zero experience 
 As I said, I had no professional experience writing. I knew I wanted to be a writer and knew that the online landscape was filled with opportunities. But when you have no clue where to start, you can quickly become overwhelmed with all the resources. 
 I read just about everything I could find  on the subject . And I learned that writers are very passionate about the subject of finding online work. Some swear by content mills and others loathe them. Some only use freelance marketplaces while others won't go anywhere near platforms like Upwork. Others turn to online job boards and writing resource sites for job leads. So how do you know what works for you? 
 You don't. You won't know until you try them out. And in all likelihood, you'll find that you strongly prefer one over the others. Does that mean it's better than the others? Absolutely not. It just means your unique work style and preferences makes it the best fit for you. And, if you're like me, you'll use a combination of resources to piece together an income at various stages of your career. 
 Whatever you choose, remember, don't let anyone make you feel bad about your chosen path. There really is no right or wrong answer as far as where to find freelance writing jobs online for beginners. 
 Content Mill Jobs 
 A content mill is  a crowdsourced writing platform. Clients go to them, post their writing assignments, and the content mill makes them available to a pool of writers. The client pays the content mill and the content mill pays the writer a percentage (essentially the content mill is the middleman between client and writer). 
 This is where I (and many others) started my freelance writing career. I signed up for several of them and started earning money that very same week. Now, don't get me wrong, I wasn't making great money, but I was making money as a freelance writer (which, when you're just starting out, can do wonders for your confidence!). 
 I found that starting out writing for several content mills was a way to get quick money, gain confidence, and also improve my overall writing ability. 
 I also got an insider's look into what freelance writing jobs were like and how to deal with editors. Although my earnings weren't huge, the knowledge I gained was well worth it. 
 I committed myself to content mills full time for about three months. On average, I was able to earn $400 a week (not great, but I was getting paid!) and was well on my way to a freelance writing career. 
 I can't speak enough on how content mills are a great stepping stone when starting out. You don't have to write for them forever (if you don't want to!). As far as freelance writing jobs online for beginners, they are a quick and easy way to get your feet wet: 
 
 Textbroker  (pays up to $0.05 per word & has direct order opportunities) 
 Article Document  (pays based on quality, has byline and ghostwriting assignments) 
 Domainite  ($1.00 for every 100 words, pay is weekly, also has editing positions available) 
 Great Content  (pay based on complexity of assignment, can earn as much as $37.50 for 500-word article) 
 Hire Writers  (weekly pay, earn as much as $20.00 per assignment) 
 
 Freelance Marketplaces 
 There are literally thousands of freelance writing jobs online for beginners on the various freelance marketplaces. Clients go to these sites, post their assignments, and freelancers submit their bids and proposals. The client chooses who they want to work with based on the pitches they receive. 
 I turned to Freelance Marketplaces after my three-month stint as a content mill writer. I set up accounts on several of them and expected assignments to start coming my way. But they didn't. After submitting as many proposals as I could, I realized that my profile was to blame for my lack of work. One minor tweak to my profiles and the pitches I sent out made a HUGE impact on the number of assignments I was offered: 
 
 Tell the client what you can do for them first and talk about yourself second. 
 
 Simple, right? Yep. But still most freelancers fill their profile with information only about themselves and fail to mention what they can do for the client. While you may have some impressive credentials, at the end of the day, the client wants to know what you are going to do for them. 
 So always, always, always write your profile and pitches with how your services will benefit the client. 
 After about six months of accepting jobs through  freelance marketplaces , I steadily saw my income as a freelance writer increase. A year later, I increased my rates by more than 200% from when I first started. There's more than enough freelance writing jobs online for beginners at these sites: 
 
 Upwork  (formerly oDesk, has payment protection, takes 10% of your earnings) 
 Guru  (payments are made based on completed milestones, fees vary based on your membership) 
 Freelancer  (has projects and contests available, fees vary on type of assignment completed) 
 
 Job Boards and Niche Websites 
 There are quite a few job boards and niche websites that regularly post freelance writing jobs online for beginners. After I used freelance marketplaces for more than a year to create a full-time income as a writer, I began to wonder what else was out there (plus it got stale paying all the fees!). So I started researching ways to find clients on my own. 
 What I found really opened up my eyes to the possibility of finding writing gigs without using a marketplace. The sheer volume of blogging, article writing, copywriting, and ghostwriting jobs available was astounding! I had less than two years of professional experience under my belt, but thanks to a number of assignments that gave me a byline, I was able to put together a decent portfolio to show clients. 
 Perhaps the best advice I ever got (at this point in my career) was from a prospective client. She told me that she enjoyed my cover letter, resume, and work samples but suggested that I put them together instead of sending them over as five different attachments (most clients will prefer you not bombard them with multiple email attachments!) 
 But how do you get all those things into one spot without using an attachment? A website. 
 
 The best thing I ever did to cement myself as a freelance writer for hire was getting a website. 
 
 Thanks to WordPress, anyone can get a  site up and running in under an hour  (even with no experience!). All you need is a domain name, a  host provider , and a decent theme. 
 So once you're ready to start finding freelance writing jobs directly, I can't recommend enough getting your own website together. It's amazing how much work you can secure when you have your own site and make it a daily habit to check for leads: 
 
 ProBlogger  (has a ton of useful information as well as some of the best jobs posted on their job board) 
 Freelance Writing Jobs  ( handpicked job leads  as well as a job board of freelance writing gigs) 
 Blogging Pro  (a wealth of blogging information mixed with WordPress, plus job leads) 
 Indeed  (makes it super easy to find "freelance writing jobs", save jobs, and apply directly on some) 
 Work From Home Happiness  (as a writer myself, I frequently scour the Internet for freelance writing gigs and am happy to share them with you!) 
 Craigslist  (check your local market, but also the bigger ones too like New York & L.A., always  beware of scams! ) 
 
 Marketing Yourself 
 When you've really gained your footing as a writer, you can take your personal website and run with it (the sky really is the limit!) 
 You'll have to market yourself like crazy in order to get clients to come to you. In recent years, social media has made this much easier. With the right tweet or post, you can capture clients' attention and get them to seek out your services (remember to keep your profiles professional!). 
 When you do good work, you'll notice that the number of referrals you receive from happy clients is enough to keep you with plenty of work (most of the time!). 
 But remember, when freelance writing (beginner or not) you'll find work comes in a constant cycle of feast or famine. When you're in a state of 'feast' you'll be turning down work only to find absolutely no work coming your way the following week. 
 During periods of famine, I turn to freelance marketplaces and content mills to  make extra money . It's always wise to keep in good standing with multiple revenue streams (the freelance world is so unpredictable!). 
 And now that brings us to the present. I've started this blog. I have a couple of e-books in the works (an excellent source of passive income!). And I have a healthy client roster (a far cry from where I started five years ago).  I've shared my journey to show that even with absolutely no experience, a freelance writing career is possible and attainable! 
 Remember, there's no right or wrong way to start a freelance writing career. No matter which path you choose, stick with it. Success doesn't come overnight (or even in a year or two!). But with a little determination, you can start a freelance writing career. 
 Looking for more? There are a ton of websites that use freelance writers. Here's a  list of sites  -- a good jumping off point when you're just starting out. You can also check out this article for sound advice on finding a  steady stream of freelance work . 
 Don't forget to check out Elna Cain's  Write Your Way to Your First $1K , a course specifically built for new freelance writers with absolutely no experience. In just 7 weeks, you can learn everything you need to start a lucrative freelance writing career and earn your first $1,000 -- no degree or experience required. 
 This post may contain affiliate links. What 's an affiliate? Check out my  disclosure  for more info. 
 __Tweet 30 
 __Pin 15K 
  __Share 26 
  __Share 4 
 15K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Freelance  Tagged With:  freelance writing gigs ,  freelance writing jobs ,  freelance writing jobs online ,  freelance writing jobs online for beginners 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Carolina  says 
 
 October 12, 2015 at 6:25 pm 
 Great post! As usual full of useful info, detailed steps and motivation for writers with no experience like me! 🙂 
 
 Anita says 
 
 December 6, 2015 at 10:11 pm 
 I have always liked to write, and have done a lot of it, just not for companies.. However, i would love to do this, i really enjoy writing. Hope i can get this going. Thank you so much for the information, you are such a big help. 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 December 8, 2015 at 4:24 pm 
 Hi Anita, 
 You're welcome! Best of luck to you in your new writing career 🙂 
 Ashlee 
 
 Latoya says 
 
 December 30, 2015 at 3:12 am 
 Thank you for the post. I have recently decided to start my freelance writing career but had no clue how to start. 
 
 Margaret says 
 
 January 6, 2016 at 8:47 pm 
 Dear Ashlee, 
 To say I was impressed with your work, blog and initiative is putting it mildly. I was green eyed and smiley all through while reading the whole lot. I was equally nodding my head and cheering you up silently. Indeed you inspired me! And my wobbly fat fingers had to go stabbing on my iPad to take that first step of faith to get in touch with you. I guess you can see that I just had to respond to you. I will very much love to link up with you so as to get moving into this freelance thingy! I have much to say, and share, but would be waiting to hear from you. I am a tutor and have vast experience in newsletter publishing. 
 Regards 
Perfect Peace 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 January 6, 2016 at 8:54 pm 
 Hello Perfect Peace, 
 Thanks for stopping by! You can always email me at  ashlee@workfromhomehappiness.com . I am here to help! 
 Ashlee 
 
 Kayla says 
 
 January 17, 2016 at 12:15 pm 
 I graduated from college last May, and I've always been intrigued by freelance writing - I just never knew how to get started. Thank you so much for sharing your experiences and compiling some resources for us newbies! You've helped give me more confidence to put myself (and my writing) out there. 
 
 Shannon Mitchell  says 
 
 January 19, 2016 at 6:20 pm 
 Thank you for sharing this information. I feel more sound and even more excited to start reaching for my dreams of being a full-time freelancer. 
 
 Chrissy Shadix says 
 
 January 19, 2016 at 6:26 pm 
 Thank you so much for this encouraging post! I'm new to blogging and I'm working so hard on my website. Problem is, I needed money yesterday. I've considered content mills but I've heard a few bad things about them. I already have a Textbroker account but I've been hesitant to start. After reading this post, I am going to start using these content mills like crazy to not only make extra income but to get the experience I need to move forward with freelance writing. 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 January 19, 2016 at 6:49 pm 
 Hi Chrissy! Thanks for stopping by. I know a lot of freelance writers absolutely detest content mills because it is widely believed they cheapen the industry as a whole. Not all of them pay $0.01 per word though. Some of them pay up to $0.05 a word which translates to $25.00 for a 500 word post -- not too bad, considering a 500 word post might take an hour to write! 
 That being said, content mills gave me the confidence I needed to grow as a writer. And, let's be honest, when you're just starting out, you don't exactly have clients flooding your inbox with work requests. Content mills give you the chance to get paid to write and give you the opportunity to gain experience and become a better writer -- win-win! 
 Best of luck to you in your freelance writing career. You may want to consider transcription work, too. I transcribed for a while and it really helped strengthen my grammar. And, don't forget about virtual assisting! There's often a lot of writing tasks for virtual assistants. Check out Fancy Hands. You could get up and running with them in just a few days. 
 Good luck! 
 Ashlee 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 January 19, 2016 at 6:52 pm 
 Hi Shannon, 
 Thanks for stopping by! Taking the leap into freelance writing was one of the scariest yet most rewarding decisions I've made (to date anyway!). It's really a great opportunity to do something you love (on your own terms) and get paid. I wish you the best of luck as you work to reach your goal of becoming a full-time freelancer! 
 Ashlee 
 
 Noémi Towns says 
 
 February 2, 2016 at 9:25 pm 
 This read was wonderful! I have zero, zilch, nada experience in Freelancing. I thought being a freelancer had a nice ring to it, it something I have the time and interest to do. So I'm researching what I can in hopes of finding a few gigs to get my feet wet. I'm definitely a little nervous and my nerves can get the best of me but I do want to give this a go! I did have a few questions…… Obviously in order to freelance and write, you'd need Microsoft word?Also, let's say the company or editor does not like the material you wrote or your style of writing, what happens then? 
 Thank you so much. 
 Noémi Towns 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 February 2, 2016 at 10:30 pm 
 Hi Noemi, 
 Thanks for stopping by! Some clients do specifically request that work be completed in Microsoft Word. Other times, you will have the flexibility to use a number of platforms -- Open Office and Google Docs are two popular (and free!) options you should look into. 
 I must admit, turning in a piece of work that you consider a masterpiece only to be told by a client or editor needs changes can be tough! But you will find that edits, revisions, and rewrites go hand in hand with the profession. When they happen, you happily do whatever the client asks (even if you don't agree) and move on.  Never  take it personally and you will be able to handle even the most extensive rewrites with grace 🙂 
 Just last week I submitted two blog posts to a longtime client of mine. He sent them both back. The way I interpreted his instructions were not what he had in mind. So, I had to completely rewrite them both. It set me back an entire day of work and I essentially got paid once for doing twice the work than usual. 
 Was I mad? Yes. But I was mad at myself. Instead of asking for clarification, I just went ahead and assumed I knew what he wanted because I had worked with him so long. As it turns out, I was wrong. And it cost me. If you don't understand something, do not be afraid to ask. Had I taken the two minutes to shoot him a quick email, I would've taken the blog posts in a different direction and saved both of us time (and frustration!). 
 Again, thanks for stopping by, Noemi! If you need anything, always feel free to email me at  ashlee@workfromhomehappiness.com  🙂 
 Ashlee 
 
 RAD says 
 
 February 17, 2016 at 3:33 am 
 Hi Ashlee, great post and useful. I recently started exploring options about writing jobs. 
would you be able to throw some light where to start as I am clueless. 
 thanks! 
 
 
 RAD 
 
 Elizabeth says 
 
 
 
 February 24, 2016 at 12:31 pm 
 Thanks so much for this post! I've been researching/reading about freelance writing for a while now and hadn't come across content mills. I'm definitely in the position where I need samples to get a job but a job to get samples and I think a few jobs at something quick and easy like that might be a helpful boost! 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 February 24, 2016 at 2:28 pm 
 Hi Elizabeth, 
 Thanks for stopping by! When you have little to no experience, content mills are a great place to start -- not only do you gain valuable experience but it also helps boost your writing confidence with each article you submit 🙂 
 I have nothing but good things to say about Textbroker. They have tons of ways to earn money and gain experience -- you can write short articles, get direct orders from clients, and even work on special order teams -- it really helped me feel confident enough to start pursuing my own clients after writing for them for a while. 
 Really, the hardest part is getting started -- but I hope you do! It really is a great career with plenty of work to go around 🙂 Good luck! 
 Ashlee 
 
 Michelle Y says 
 
 February 25, 2016 at 7:29 pm 
 This post is so perfect! I'm leaving my 11-year teaching career behind after this school year to become a freelance writer. Even though my original degree included an emphasis on writing, I've been so nervous about taking this step as I've never written professionally. I've also been very worried about the amount of work out there. The only site I knew about was Upwork. I can't wait to try out the rest! Thank you so much! 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 February 25, 2016 at 8:41 pm 
 Hi Michelle, 
 You're welcome, and thank you for stopping by! There is plenty of freelance writing work to go around. Getting started is the absolute hardest part -- but once you do, you'll gain confidence with each and every article you submit. 
 I've been doing it for more than 5 years now and I still get nervous when I submit work for review -- no matter what I'm writing about, it's still such a personal experience for me to put my thoughts into words for others to judge 🙂 
 Best of luck to you once you get started! If you're on Twitter, we should connect! My handle is @AshleeWrites. I love following along with fellow writers on their way to freelance freedom and success 🙂 
 Ashlee 
 
 Jodi says 
 
 March 3, 2016 at 11:53 am 
 I'm working to begin a freelance writing career (with one regular client). This blog post is exactly what I've been looking for to help me take the next step. My question is about blogging. Does it matter what type of blog/what niche? I realize that a personal/"hey look at my kids" type blog wouldn't be appropriate, but does the subject matter? 
 
 Tammy says 
 
 March 4, 2016 at 3:00 pm 
 This is great information. Love the collection of sites/resources you share. I've been working for double digit years as an instructional designer (ID). If you aren't familiar with it, IDs do a lot of writing. Mostly focused on educating. I've been thinking of branching out into freelance so I can change up what I'm writing about a bit. I love to learn and try new things. Often thought about freelance but just didn't know where to start. Thanks again. 
 
 Lisa Jordie @TheDriftingDesk  says 
 
 March 4, 2016 at 5:47 pm 
 Thanks for the inspiration Ashlee - I agree with you that getting started is the hardest part, but then, you find awesome posts like this to help you learn where to go next! 
 
 Joel says 
 
 March 6, 2016 at 9:36 am 
 Thanks for sharing! 
Joel 
 
 Michelle says 
 
 March 8, 2016 at 5:53 am 
 I'm a bit overwhelmed by the number of books out there about this topic. Can you recommend any that you found especially helpful so that I can start with those? 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 March 8, 2016 at 1:20 pm 
 Hi Michelle, 
 You're right -- there are a ton of ebooks on freelance writing! If you're looking for a few recommendations, I'd say you can't go wrong with: 
 The Essential Guide to Freelance Writing by Zachary Petit 
Freelance Writing Guide: What to Expect in Your First Year as a Freelance Writer by Christine Rice 
How to Start Your Freelance Writing Career from Scratch by Karen Banes 
 Any of those three will give you a solid understanding of the basics and help you take the first step in your career! 
 You can find all these books on Amazon -- It might be a good idea to  Join Amazon Kindle Unlimited 30-Day Free Trial 
-- you'll be able to read tons of books (for free!) for 30 days, and then you can cancel the plan. 🙂 
 Hope that helps! 
 Ashlee 
 
 Carmela Aimee  says 
 
 March 20, 2016 at 5:38 pm 
 Thank you SO much for posting this! This article is so helpful- I feel more confident just reading it! 
 I can't wait to start my freelancing journey. You're right, it's so hard to know where to start… But now I do ?. 
 
 Sana Rahman says 
 
 March 31, 2016 at 9:32 am 
 This is exactly what I needed to know as I am considering to start my career in blogging and freelance writing. Thank you for this inspiring post. 
 My biggest stumbling block was where and how to start without experience. Content mill option was not so appealing up until now as I can see why they may be good to start with. However your post has given a lot of clarity and hope to an aspiring freelancer. 
 One curious question though. Why haven't you mentioned Hubpages (or did I missi it) in your article? Do u have any idea if on choosest that path what would the prospects be? 
 Well that made two questions. But once again thanks for this extremely helpful post. 
 Keep writing! 
 
 Omar Saady says 
 
 May 7, 2016 at 7:23 pm 
 Hello Ashlee 
 Thanks for the post 
 I think that too many people assume that it’s so simple to become a freelancer that they don’t need to have anything to offer upfront. Unfortunately, it doesn’t work like that. Business owners, Internet marketers, and the other people that are likely to hire you need to see that you not only have experience working on their type of project, but that you have good experience. 
 Best regards 
Omar 
 
 Katherine says 
 
 June 10, 2016 at 8:45 am 
 Great post Ashlee! 
 Your advice and resources are enough to encourage any new freelancer (me) to forge ahead and get to it! 
 Thank you. I have read a lot of information regarding freelance writing, and your post is at the top of the list! 
 Much Success to You! 
 Katherine 
 
 Lily says 
 
 July 4, 2016 at 6:37 am 
 This was informative! Thankyou Ashlee. This post has answered all the questions I had around starting a freelance writing career. You are simply amazing! 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 July 5, 2016 at 9:06 am 
 Hi Lily, 
 Thanks for stopping by, and for your kind words. I wish you much success with your freelance writing career -- if you ever have any questions, I hope you ask! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Kanchan  says 
 
 July 11, 2016 at 2:21 am 
 Hi Ashlee, 
 This was very helpful for me as I'm starting out the freelance path right now. Can you please also give some tips for creating a newbie resume for freelance writer for magazines, websites etc.? Everywhere I looked they have mentioned previous work experience, which I don't have right now. 
Even for volunteering, I would need to send out a resume and a cover letter. Any help/pointers in that regard would be much appreciated. 
 Thanks, 
Kanchan 
 
 Allan Seabrook says 
 
 July 20, 2016 at 2:32 pm 
 Hello Ashlee, 
 What a great article! 
 Your coverage of 'content mills' has given me the confidence to take a serious dive into them. And, of course, each completed assignment (well, hopefully) can get a mention on one's resume. Shouldn't take long to build an impressive resume, I'm thinking. 
 Thanks for this great information! 
 Allan 
 
 Simone Stephanie Shaw- Stewart says 
 
 July 20, 2016 at 11:00 pm 
 I enjoyed reading your post. I could feel how sincere you were with the sharin gof the information. I have been finding myself writing devotionals and motivational quotes. have been thinking of either compiling them in am ebook, or print on plaques. Where do i start since thats the avenue of writing that i want to pursue? 
 
 Susan says 
 
 July 28, 2016 at 4:58 pm 
 Hi Ashlee, 
 Thanks so much for this as it has really inspired me to take the plunge! 
 I am in the UK and most of the content mills you mentioned only accept US citizens. Do you have any international or UK recommendations please? 
 Many thanks, 
 Susan 
 
 Mandy says 
 
 July 30, 2016 at 8:01 pm 
 How about other types of Freelancing jobs for people who are not writers? 
 
 Ray  says 
 
 August 5, 2016 at 2:25 am 
 Nice! Haven't tried content mills or freelance sites seriously yet, but I'm looking into those right now. Gonna use the earnings to support my blog. 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 August 5, 2016 at 10:00 am 
 Hi Ray, 
 Thanks for stopping by. I think it's a great idea to use content mills to help support your blog! You can login and work whenever you want and still have plenty of time to focus on growing your blog. From time to time, I'll still hop onto Textbroker, claim assignments consistently for a week, and use the earnings to help pay for something -- I especially love doing this leading up to the holidays or anytime I'll be spending a larger amount of money at once. It's my favorite way to offset costs especially since you can get paid at the end of the week for any work completed and approved -- so it's pretty quick money when you need it 🙂 
 Best of luck to you! Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Delilah says 
 
 October 13, 2016 at 1:50 pm 
 Wow good information, I really enjoyed reading your post 🙂 
 
 Bond Michael says 
 
 November 27, 2016 at 9:30 am 
 Hi! Ashlee Anderson! 
How are you! It is first time to see you, but your article makes me to consider you as my senior. 
I feel something like more than I think. 
I fully impressed with your words. 
I gonna find a freelancer job after looking for my favorite jobs. 
I expect we could have some good friendship. 
 Best reguards! 
 
 Brittany says 
 
 January 10, 2017 at 1:52 am 
 Thank you so much for this post! I love writing and have toyed with the idea of becoming a freelance writer but have no idea where to start. This post will definitely point me in the right direction. 🙂 
 Thanks Again! 
 
 daniel says 
 
 January 17, 2017 at 1:13 pm 
 How much money to start writing partime how much comes out of your pocket 
 
 David B. Butler says 
 
 March 12, 2017 at 11:44 pm 
 Thank you for the excellent post, Ashlee. Your words are inspiring and I appreciate your limiting the information to the most basic and pertinent for newbie writers. 
 I have always loved writing but never mustered the courage to try to make a career of it. But it is my dream, I believe I have a natural talent, and I'm going to give it a try. 
 Sincerely, 
David 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 March 16, 2017 at 10:26 am 
 That's the spirit, David! From your brief comment, I can tell you have talent. I hope you do pursue freelance writing. It has led me to the path of true work happiness. I hope it does the same for you. Let me know if I can help in any way. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Mary Z. says 
 
 April 4, 2017 at 9:41 am 
 Thank you for sharing so much practical information on this subject. I am retired and have been looking at freelance writing to supplement my income. Every time I read books or posts about it I get overwhelmed and feel like a) I need to have a journalism degree and experience or b) I have nothing to offer in the writing market place. This post just dispelled those thoughts and gave me encouragement. I appreciate that you don't make it sound like a "pie in the sky", get rich quick scheme and you are up front about what to expect to make. It makes sense that initially, if you don't already have a portfolio that you would need to take lower paying jobs to get experience and get established. This has been so helpful to me. You've obviously learned a lot on your journey. I wish you continued success. 
 
 Lisette says 
 
 April 21, 2017 at 4:15 pm 
 Thanks for the information! I noticed most of the content mills ask for a writing sample. What type of sample would you suggest sending? 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 April 22, 2017 at 1:30 pm 
 Hi Lisette, 
 Thanks for stopping by! Some of the content mills are very specific about the types of samples they want you to send. I believe Textbrokers lets you pick from three different topics. With that being said, I always recommend writing a sample within a subject you're knowledgeable! Your writing will come across much more genuine (and you won't have to waste a bunch of time researching a subject you're not familiar with!). 
 Good luck! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Ben  says 
 
 May 17, 2017 at 4:29 pm 
 Great post, Ashlee. 
 Content mills do have a lot to improve on, especially sites like iWriter which pay extremely low (you start out at less than $2.50 for 500 words) and let clients reject posts too often. 
 However, I do agree that they're a great way to get started with writing online, especially if you have no prior writing skills. I myself started out at content mills, and at the time I was a horrible writer. 
 All the best, 
 Ben 
 
 Karyn says 
 
 September 13, 2017 at 10:13 am 
 Thank you for this article Ashlee! I have recently gotten back into writing after a decade long hiatus. However, the dream to write for a living never went away. You have made me feel confident that I can get there eventually, with a bit of diligence and practice. 
My daughter recently went back to school and I was frantically searching job sites every day for something to fill in my time and earn a paycheck, but it was so hard because I want to stay home and, more importantly, do something I love. This was the first article I found when googling 'how to make a living as a writer with no experience'. Perfect!!! 
Thank you so much! I look forward to getting started. 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 September 14, 2017 at 11:24 am 
 Hi Karyn, 
 Thanks for stopping by! I'm glad you found the article helpful. It was not always easy for me to establish myself as a writer, but with a lot of hard work and plenty of patience, I was able to eventually make a full-time income writing. I am sure you will be able to do the same! 
 If you ever have any questions or just want to chat, please reach out. I'm here to help 🙂 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Just Jude  says 
 
 September 27, 2017 at 5:32 pm 
 Even two years later, this post still brings me valuable nuggets of insight for that Ashlee I thank you. 
 I found you again … this time on Pinterest. Just goes to show how you can get around when you put your mind to it. 
 Thoroughly enjoyable, educational post. 
 
 Alexandra Rais says 
 
 February 23, 2018 at 12:55 pm 
 Hello, 
 I am Alexandra Rais. I am looking to gain experience in Public Relation or Communications, so I am looking to gain experience in the writing industry. It has been very difficult to find volunteer positions because they require the person to be familiar with some of the tasks. Do you think starting as a freelance writer can help in getting a career in that industry? 
 
 Dustin Jones says 
 
 March 2, 2018 at 4:23 pm 
 Hi! Thanks so much for writing this, I'm just starting my freelance career and frequently reference this blog for next steps. I've launched a copywriting business and have a few upcoming gigs as well as a blog I plan to monetize in the long term. However, while those two are getting up and running I'm thinking I need to get into a content mill in order to supplement my income (while continuing to write). Do you have any good tips for landing a position as a freelancer on one of the choosier content mills like Upwork? What are they looking for? How the heck do I write a professional overview when I don't have any experience? I don't want to really apply until I know more about the process, as I'd hate to get rejected and then have to get a part time job waiting tables or something non-writing related. 
 Thanks in advanced for your response!! 
 
 Alice says 
 
 April 18, 2018 at 7:16 pm 
 This is great information! I'm currently registered with  http://www.ultius.com . Although I like it, I am looking to widen my horizons. I can't wait to try some of these other sites and styles of writing! 
 
 dimakatso says 
 
 June 8, 2018 at 6:36 am 
 Hi Ashley 
I see some of the sites accept citizens from certain countries and not global, like the Text-broker (only USA citizens). I am from South Africa and would really like to start a new chapter of my life in freelance. I would greatly appreciate it if you can furnish me with the relevant information regarding the matter. I have no experience at all, but like I said, I would like to take the challenge and start a new thing in my life.SO I am all in to start the journey. 
Kind regards 
 
 Virginia|Earn Smart Online Class  says 
 
 July 5, 2018 at 6:44 am 
 This is an awesome post. Freelancing writing can be a lucrative and profitable business if you know what you are doing. Elnacain.com is also a great resource if you want to get started in writing. 
 
 Betty  says 
 
 July 17, 2018 at 7:28 pm 
 Hi Ashley, 
Great post! 
I am looking to do some freelance writing on a part time basis and I was wondering as a beginner with no experience, how did you know what to write about? Were you already an authority on several topics or did you have to hone your research skills? 
Thanks in advance, 
Bets 
 
 John says 
 
 July 22, 2018 at 2:12 pm 
 Great Article! Pushing 62 yoa, Been in construction since 17 years old, Make good money, But my body is tired of all that hard work. Need to find a job I can do from home or on the road. Do I have what it takes to write? I don't know….. how can I Train myself to be a great writer and make a full time income to pay my bills and travel and see the USA? 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 July 23, 2018 at 9:48 am 
 Hi Betty, 
 Great question 🙂 
 I had legal experience already under my belt, so it just made sense for me to pick legal writing as my niche. This allowed me to quickly build up relevant writing samples, grow my portfolio, and eventually command higher rates as my client list grew. 
 I always recommend starting out with a niche, whether it's a subject you have experience with or a topic you find of interest. This will allow you to buckle down, focus, and ultimately make more progress as a newbie writer. 
 Good luck! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Kim says 
 
 October 14, 2018 at 10:35 am 
 Hi Ashley, I LOVE people like you who are willing to share such helpful info to others! I've been a paralegal for many years and can't stand the thought of working in an office anymore with billable hours. I love to write so hoping I can begin a new freelance career. Thank you so much for providing such great resources!! 
 
 AJ  says 
 
 November 30, 2018 at 1:15 pm 
 Hey Ashley, thanks for this! I just started writing for Ultius and I'm making pretty decent money, but always looking for more, so this will help. 
 
 Bishnu Bohara says 
 
 January 8, 2021 at 5:48 am 
 Thanks, Lots of love from Nepal. 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 January 11, 2021 at 12:28 pm 
 You're welcome! Good luck 😉 
 Trackbacks 
 
 12 Home Business Ideas You Can Start for Cheap - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 November 5, 2015 at 10:18 am 
 […] No list of home business ideas would be complete without mentioning online writing services. Copy editing, ghostwriting, and copywriting are super important in today's online world of information. Companies from around the world rely on the service of writers to get them noticed in a sea of content. Think you need a lot of education and experience to start a writing career? Think again. You can start a freelance writing career with no prior experience. […] 
 
 Over 100 jobs online - Making Money Online From Home  says: 
 
 December 30, 2015 at 11:41 pm 
 […] If you are proficient in SEO, you can earn more money with your writing service. ( See how you can start a freelance writing career with no […] 
 
 How to Piece Together a Living Online Without Getting a Job  says: 
 
 January 3, 2016 at 3:45 pm 
 […] secondly, after being pressed about my intentions, I informed everyone that I was going to start a freelance writing career (mind you, I had no professional writing experience to speak of). That admission was met with one […] 
 
 120 Real Work at Home Jobs for Making Money Online - HumanoidTips.com  says: 
 
 February 4, 2016 at 7:10 am 
 […] If you are proficient in SEO, you can earn more money with your writing service. ( See how you can start a freelance writing career with no […] 
 
 Getting Started: 11 Resources to Start Your Freelance Writing Career - Lotte Lee  says: 
 
 May 22, 2016 at 6:56 am 
 […] workfromhomehappiness.com - Starting a Freelance Writing Career with No Experience […] 
 
 Freelance Writing: 4 Reasons To Give Freelancing A Try  says: 
 
 September 11, 2016 at 2:11 pm 
 […] Starting a Freelance Writing Career with No Experience […] 
 
 19 Transcription Jobs Online for Beginners  says: 
 
 December 30, 2016 at 9:32 am 
 […] work is near and dear to me. It is the very first work from home job I ever held. After I quit my job to become a freelance writer, I had to have some kind of money coming in until my writing career took […] 
 
 The Seriously No-Fuss Way to Launch (and Maintain) A Blog Like A Pro | Make Money To Pay Debts  says: 
 
 March 6, 2017 at 10:33 am 
 […] anywhere near $100,000/month (and still isn’t), but it was enough that I could cut down on freelance writing to focus on growing even larger. And by my first year up and running, I was making a full-time […] 
 
 Online Courses You Can Try Before You Buy - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 June 26, 2017 at 9:14 am 
 […] love of words, good grammar, and spelling savviness are the building blocks of a successful freelance writing career. But there’s more to it than that. To dig in a little deeper to see if freelance writing is for […] 
 
 15 Easy Extra Money Ideas You Can Do from Home  says: 
 
 June 26, 2017 at 9:35 am 
 […] don't have to start a freelance writing career to make extra money as a writer. If you sign up at a so-called content mill, like Textbroker, you […] 
 
 Learn How to Work From Home For The First Time - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 10, 2017 at 9:33 am 
 […] I’ve pretty much tried my hand at all the careers listed so far on this page, and for good reason: To pursue my dream of becoming a writer! […] 
 
 Making Money from Home with Textbroker | Simple Steps to Debt Free Living  says: 
 
 October 10, 2017 at 8:55 pm 
 […] mistake!) so I thought I would give it a try but didn't know where to start. Then I found this post about how the author left her job for a freelance writing career and went for […] 
 
 This Website Teaches You How To Become A Freelance Writer (& Helps You Find High-Paying Gigs As A Newbie!) - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 November 26, 2017 at 8:44 pm 
 […] if you’re interested in becoming a freelance writer with no experience under your belt, you may be a little intimidated about the idea of starting your own writing […] 
 
 Why You'll Love Remote Work As A Mom (And How You Can Find Your First At-Home Job) - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 February 14, 2018 at 12:28 pm 
 […] I quit the corporate world to pursue writing full-time. It was a tough journey, but one I wouldn’t change for the world. […] 
 
 How To Become A Work From Home Medical Transcriptionist (In Less Than A Year!) - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 April 4, 2018 at 6:01 am 
 […] You see, after years of working in a cubicle, I finally quit the corporate world to pursue freelance writing. […] 
 
 Make Money from Home with Textbroker - Simple Steps to Debt-Free Living  says: 
 
 April 7, 2018 at 10:34 pm 
 […] mistake!) so I thought I would give it a try but didn't know where to start. Then I found this post about how the author left her job for a freelance writing career and went for […] 
 
 How To Become A Freelance Writer (Even If You Have No Experience)  says: 
 
 May 9, 2018 at 6:01 am 
 […] it turns out, the answer wasn’t quite so easy to come by. And, my journey from corporate world to freelance writer freedom was anything but […] 
 
 Ways To Make Money From Home - 17+ Ideas You Can Use Today!  says: 
 
 June 4, 2018 at 10:07 am 
 […] or so the saying goes. And, because of that, there’s a HUGE demand for writers. That’s exactly how I got my start with ways to make money from […] 
 
 How to make money as a freelance writer• Student Wire  says: 
 
 August 27, 2018 at 7:46 am 
 […]  https://workfromhomehappiness.com/starting-a-freelance-writing-career-with-no-experience/  […] 
 
 Transcription Jobs Online for Beginners- Cause I'ma Boss  says: 
 
 October 13, 2018 at 3:09 pm 
 […] After I quit my job to become a freelance writer, I had to have some kind of money coming in until my writing career took off. […] 
 
 The Startup Magazine 5 Side Hustles that Become Potential Careers | The Startup Magazine  says: 
 
 February 21, 2019 at 2:15 pm 
 […] opinions, reviews and case studies, the possibilities of landing work as a freelancer are endless. Starting a freelance writing career is easy even for those who have no experience. What is important is that you have the skills and a […] 
 
 19 Transcription Jobs Online for Beginners- Womens World Club  says: 
 
 March 14, 2019 at 2:20 pm 
 […] After I quit my job to become a freelance writer, I had to have some kind of money coming in until my writing career took off. […] 
 
 How to Become a Successful Freelance Writer? - Moneys  says: 
 
 February 9, 2020 at 10:53 am 
 […] for bloggers, stay-at-home moms or those just fed up with their 9-5 job. And it’s profitable. Ashlee Anderson of Work From Home Happiness quit her secure job to pursue freelance writing having no professional writing […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
