Free 5-week Recovery Roadmap Course 
  Start Now  
   
 MENUMENU 
 
 Medically Assisted Treatment 
 
 
   *         * [Opioid Help](/opioids/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Suboxone 
 Naltrexone 
   *         * [Alcohol Help](/alcohol/)
 
 Naltrexone 
 Acamprosate 
   *         * Recover from home with medically assisted treatment
 
 See the science 
 
 Online Therapy 
 
 
   *         * [Substances](/online-therapy/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Drinking 
 Smoking 
 Drugs 
   *         * [Behaviors](/online-therapy/)
 
 Gambling 
 Chronic Pain 
 Disordered Eating 
 Sex and Porn 
   *         * Treat your addiction with the help of a specialized Counselor
 
 Available Nationwide 
 
 Locations 
 
 
   *         * [Alaska](/locations/alaska/)
 
 
 
 
 
 California 
 Bakersfield 
 Lafayette 
 Michigan 
 Ann Arbor 
   *         * [New Jersey](/locations/new-jersey/)
 
 Hamilton 
 Ohio 
 Holland 
 Washington 
   *         * Clinical treatment in select states, counseling available nationwide
 
 Our Locations 
 
 Health Guides 
 
  Log In     Sign Up  
 5 Truths For Addicts In High Stakes Careers From ‘The Addicted Lawyer’ 
 
  Kali Lux   
 October 12, 2017 
 
 Fact Checked and Peer Reviewed 
 
 
 Topics:   Workplace 
 
 
 Tags:   books ,  mental health 
 
 
 __ Share on facebook 
 __ Share on twitter 
 __ Share on linkedin 
 Brian Cuban  is a lawyer-turned-advocate, and he's shedding light on the unique experiences of those in high stakes careers with substance use disorder. 
 The truth is out: doctors, lawyers, and politicians are people too. Like the rest of us, they can struggle with substance use disorder, and it’s about time we talk about it. Luckily, more and more professional leaders are opening up about their struggles with addiction, taking on stigma, and addressing the cultures within their professions that contributed to keeping them sick. 
 Brian Cuban  is a lawyer-turned-advocate, and he's shedding light on the unique experiences of those in high stakes careers with substance use disorder. Here are our takeaways from his book,  The Addicted Lawyer : 
 1. Public scrutiny won’t keep you sober. 
 Addiction is a brain disease, not a test of sheer will. This is why those in positions of power, with everything to lose, aren’t able to quit using and avoid public consequences. This is why an  NFL coach will snort coke on camera , despite having a dream job. Substance use disorder, like other health issues, doesn’t care about your title or your parking space. 
 2. A high profile career isn’t a guarantee of happiness. 
 From an outside perspective, the law seems glamorous. In  The Addicted Lawyer  , Brian Cuban reveals the unglamorous facts: law school is stressful, most students graduate with a lot of debt, and finding a job is hard. On TV and elsewhere in popular culture, good-looking doctors and lawyers are saving lives in snazzy outfits, but in real life, these careers can be grueling. 
 If you don’t handle stress well and you’re in a stressful career, it’s okay to rethink your choices. This is your life. Spend it doing something that suits your personality, and gives you joy. As Cuban says in his book, “Careers can be paused, changed, and redirected. Lives cannot be brought back.” 
 
 “Careers can be paused, changed, and redirected. Lives cannot be brought back.” 
 
 — Brian Cuban 
 3. Candor is key. 
 From Cuban’s story, AA meetings, and our own Workit philosophy, people in recovery seem to agree that the best way to begin healing from addiction is to start talking about it, openly and honestly. Brian Cuban says, “Sharing and hearing stories is the best way to understand my own life experience, and understanding my own experience has been instrumental in my recovery.” As someone in recovery myself, I certainly believe this to be true. Rehashing the insanity of my using is powerful. So is hearing the hope of the way someone else has turned their life around from a desperate situation. 
 Speaking up reminds us of the hope we find every day in recovery. It takes our histories out of the dark, where we kept them hidden away while we were using. Sharing our experiences also combats the stigma surrounding addiction, which currently forces those with high stakes careers to stay silent about their potential problems. There's a popular saying in recovery: "We no longer have secrets, we have stories." 
 
 “We no longer have secrets, we have stories.” 
 
 4. Stigma hurts those with high stakes careers in many ways. 
 Fearful for their reputations, lawyers, doctors, and others in high stakes careers may avoid seeking help. They keep their problem hidden from loved ones and coworkers. Stigma also might keep someone with substance use disorder from even considering they  have  a problem. They think if they can use drugs or alcohol while maintaining a successful career, that's proves that they're functional. Someone’s life may be careening out of control, but if they might don't identify with the traditional stereotype of a down-on-their-luck alcoholic, they may not consider they have a problem. 
 This means people stay in active addiction longer. And even once they realize they have a problem, they may be fearful of losing their positive public reputation, or fearful of consequences from their employer, bar association, or other legal regulator. 
 5. A culture of “work hard, play hard,” with little self-care can feed addictions. 
 In law school or medical school, students aren’t focused on sleep, healthy and balanced meals, or other basics of self-care. For those with substance use disorder, this neglect can feel like a free pass to partake in unhealthy behaviors. These behaviors then continue as they start their career. Alcohol and drugs can take the place of healthier coping mechanisms for what becomes a stressful career. 
 
 “20% of all lawyers admit to having a drinking problem.” 
 
 According to a  2016 Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation Study  (also funded by the American Bar Association), almost a third of young attorneys admitted anonymously to having a problem with alcohol, and 20% of all lawyers admit to having a drinking problem. Lawyers have problems at three times the national average. The lead researcher of the study, Patrick Krill, noted in the  Washington Post , "You put them through a training (law school) where they are taught to work harder, play harder, and assume the role of a tough, capable and aggressive professional without personal weaknesses or deficiencies." 
 It’s time we talk about the ways in which current culture doesn’t serve us, and we salute ‘Addicted Lawyers’ like Brian Cuban for speaking up about their experience. 
 More to check out: 
 
 Brian Cuban's Blog 
 Addictive Behaviors Are Impacting Your Workforce And Your Bottom Line 
 Opioid Addiction at Work: 'My Resume Doesn't Show My Addiction 
 
 As Workit Health’s Head of Marketing,  Kali Lux  leans in to the culture gap between addiction, recovery, and medicine. She’s interested in finding solutions that work for substance users better than drinking or drugging does, and believes Workit is one of them. She’s written extensively on her own experience through addiction into long-term recovery. You can connect with her on Twitter  @kalireadsbooks . 
  Ready to start your road to recovery?  Get Started   
 Get more advice, tips, and tricks by subscribing to our weekly newsletter. 
 Email 
 Subscribe 
   
 
 Sobriety Tips and Tools ,  Stories Of Recovery 
 
 Boundaries Are the Gift That Keeps on Giving 
 
 By Sean Paul Mahoney 
 
   
 
 Stories Of Recovery 
 
 Sober in the City: Yoga is Not a Cure-All, But It Helps 
 
 By Tawny Lara 
 
   
 
 Clinical ,  Opioid Addiction Help 
 
 The Risks of Buying Naltrexone Online Without a Prescription 
 
 By Alaine Sepulveda 
 
   
 
 
 GET ADDICTION HELP 
 
 
 Download the Workit Health App 
 
 
 QUIT OPIOIDS 
 
 
 Opioid Withdrawal Help 
 
 
 Suboxone Basics 
 
 
 Online Suboxone Doctors 
 
 
 MODERATE (OR QUIT) DRINKING 
 
 
 How To Quit Drinking 
 
 
 The Sinclair Method 
 
 
 ABOUT WORKIT HEALTH 
 
 
 Our Mission 
 
 
 Our Team 
 
 
 Workit Foundation 
 
 
 Press and Awards 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Workit FAQ 
 
 
 FOR PARTNERS 
 
 
 Health Plans 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 
 Make a Referral 
 
 
 CURRENT MEMBERS 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 MORE SOBRIETY RESOURCES 
 
 
 Telemedicine Addiction Treatment 
 
 
 Online Recovery Groups 
 
 
 Get Family Support 
 
 
 Find More Addiction Resources 
 
 
 Premera Members 
 
 
 Aetna Members 
 
 
 Horizon BCBSNJ Members 
 
 
               
 (C) 2021 Workit Health. All rights reserved. 
 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy Policy 
 HIPAA Notice 
 
               
 Workit Clinic Locations 
 Bakersfield, CA 
 2001 F St, Ste 102 
 Bakersfield, CA 93301 
telephone: [(661) 843-6121](tel: 661-843-6121) 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Lafayette, CA 
 911 Moraga Rd, Ste 200 
 Lafayette, CA 94549 
telephone:  (925) 395-4255 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Ann Arbor, MI 
 3300 Washtenaw Ave 
Ste 280 
 Ann Arbor, MI 48104 
telephone:  (734) 329-5419 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Hamilton, NJ 
 1544 Kuser Rd, Ste C9 
 Hamilton, NJ 08619 
telephone: [(609) 552-0179](tel: 609-552-0179) 
fax (HIPAA):  (855) 716-4494 
 Alaska 
telephone:  (907) 268-2327 
fax (HIPAA): (855) 716-4494 
 Washington 
telephone:  (360) 436-6594 
fax (HIPAA): (855) 716-4494 
 Recovery is different for everyone. 
 Sign up for our free 5-week email course to learn more about which recovery option is right for you. 
 Name 
 Email 
 Send 
 __ Menu 
 
 Medically Assisted Treatment 
 
 Opioid Help 
 
 Suboxone 
 Naltrexone 
 
 
 Alcohol Help 
 
 Naltrexone 
 Acamprosate 
 
 
 
 
 Addiction Services 
 
 Substances 
 
 Drinking 
 Smoking 
 Drugs 
 
 
 Behaviors 
 
 Gambling 
 Chronic Pain 
 Disordered Eating 
 Sex and Porn 
 
 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 Michigan 
 
 Ann Arbor 
 
 
 California 
 
 Lafayette 
 Bakersfield 
 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 Hamilton 
 
 
 Washington 
 Alaska 
 Ohio 
 
 Holland 
 
 
 
 
 Health Guides 
 Log In 
 Sign Up 
 
