Workable 
 
 
 Workable is effective recruiting software for teams 
 
 
 learn more 
 
 
 home 
 
 
 subscribe 
 
 
 free 15 day trial 
 
 
 home 
 Attract the right talent faster with our new Jobbio integration 
 Rob Long  |  Workable features  | November 15, 2018November 26, 2018 
 
 Finding great talent can be the hardest part of hiring for many companies. But the best candidates don’t want any job, they want the right job! That’s why we’re excited to release our latest partner,  Jobbio . Jobbio’s careers marketplace empowers companies to attract targeted talent through smart advertising and extensive content placement. Integrated with Workable, mutual customers can benefit from the hundreds of thousands of professionals who apply on Jobbio each month. Sound good? Find out more. 
 Smart advertising 
 Brilliant candidates seek careers in companies with clear missions, defined values and  the right culture fit.  With Jobbio, you can  promote your employer brand  to attract best-fit talent to your roles. Use your job posts and company channel to showcase everything that makes your company great. And connect with candidates who love what you do and how you do it. 
 Talent marketing 
 Using Jobbio, candidates can create beautiful online bios. They can go behind the scenes to find out more about a company. And follow favorite companies and channels to find out about new roles. When the right position and the right company sync up they can apply quickly and privately with a click of a button. No surprise then that over 100M professionals use Jobbio’s search platform every month. With such a rich audience, more and more companies (over 6000 to-date) are using Jobbio to attract higher calibre applications from more relevant and qualified candidates. And, ultimately, hire the right talent. 
 Manage your Jobbio applications in Workable 
 We know that hiring’s easier when all the tools you use work seamlessly together. So we’ve made it super easy to  connect your Jobbio account with Workable . To get started, log into your Jobbio account and visit the ‘Integrations’ section. Grant Jobbio access to your Workable account and you’re set! 
 Once enabled, Jobbio will automatically pull jobs from your Workable dashboard and distribute them across its exclusive network. And every candidate who applies will be delivered directly into Workable, so all their information is in one place. It’s seamless and hassle-free. 
 Want a new integration added to Workable? 
 You shouldn’t have to be a systems implementation expert to have a great experience across all of your hiring tools. If you’re a Workable user and have a tool you’d love to see integrated with Workable,  let us know ! If you’re a software provider, why not find out more about our  Developer Partner Program  and get involved? 
 Share 
 
 Looking for an all-in-one recruiting solution? Workable can improve candidate sourcing, interviewing and applicant tracking for a streamlined hiring process. Sign up for our 15-day free trial today. 
 Get a free trial 
 Rob Long 
 Rob Long is VP Partnerships at Workable. He's a former recruiter who writes mostly about hiring best practice. He tweets at  @_roblong . 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 Latest in this category 
 
 Grow stronger engineering teams with HackerRank and Workable 
 To find and hire in-demand developers with the right skill set for your team, evaluation n... 
 Read more 
 
 Introducing Workable 2.0 – and the future of hiring 
 The next time you log in to Workable, if you haven’t already, you'll notice the enti... 
 Read more 
 
 Five big reasons to put employee referrals back on the radar 
 The benefits of employee referral programs are well-known. They’re one of the best ways of... 
 Read more 
 Recruiting software for ambitious companies 
 From candidate sourcing to applicant tracking and structured interviews, 
Workable is trusted by over 6000 companies to streamline their recruiting. 
 learn more 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 from our recruitment experts 
