Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Anesthesia Assistant 
 Humber River Hospital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Profile 
 Join our team of Anesthesia Assistants as we work together to deliver compassionate care that is responsive to the healthcare needs of our community. 
 At Humber River Hospital we continue to advance the important role we play as we advocate for healthcare initiatives in the diverse community we serve. The Full Time Anesthesia Assistant will work within the Surgical Program to provide technical and clinical support to our patients and the surgical team. 
 Are you a compassionate Anesthesia Assistant who is focused on delivering high-quality, safe-care? If yes, we invite you to read the details below then apply. 
 Reporting Relationship:  Manager, Operating Room 
 Hiring Salary Range:  $43.90 - $52.49 
 Employee Group:  OPSEU 577 
 Location:  Wilson Site 
 Hours of work:  8 hour shifts between 0630 and 2000 
 Position Responsibilities: 
Practices in accordance with the standards of practice and guidelines as outlined by the Canadian Anaesthesiologists Society of Canada (CAS) 
Works within a client and family centered care model and the vision and values of Humber River Hospital. 
Provides technical support and clinical assistance with induction, maintenance and recovery phases of anesthesia by working both under the direct clinical supervision of the Anesthesiologist and as a member of an integrated surgical team. 
Assists the Anaesthesiologist in developing and implementing the anesthesia care plan. 
Monitors physiological responses of patients to the induction of anesthesia during surgery of anesthetic peripheral and neuraxial blocks before surgery. 
Ensures effective and safe patient care by demonstrating continuous improvement, education and best practices. 
 Qualifications: 
Graduate from a recognized Anesthesia Assistant Program required 
Member in good standing the College of Respiratory Therapists required 
Undergraduate degree in a health-related field required, Masters preferred. 
Current certification for RRT required 
Current certification in BCLS and ACLS required 
Comprehensive knowledge of current anesthesia assistant practice required 
1-2 years current Operating Room experience as Anesthesia Assistant required, including but not limited to: 
 o working within a client and family centered care model 
 o providing technical support and clinical assistance with induction, maintenance and recovery phases of anesthesia by working both under the direct clinical supervision of the Anesthesiologist and as a member of an integrated surgical team 
 o assisting the Anaesthesiologist in developing and implementing the anesthesia care plan 
 o monitoring physiological responses of patients to the induction of anesthesia during surgery of anesthetic peripheral and neuraxial blocks before surgery 
 o peripheral intravenous line insertion 
 o arterial line insertion 
 o intubation and laryngeal mask insertion 
 o point of care testing 
 o pre-anesthetic preparation, induction, maintenance, and alteration of anesthesia, administration of adjunctive treatment, emergence and continuity of care into and during the postoperative period (PACU) 
 o ensuring effective and safe patient care by demonstrating continuous improvement, education and best practices 
 Paediatric experience preferred 
PALS preferred 
 Demonstrated ability to: 
o execute peripheral intravenous line insertion; arterial line insertion, intubation and laryngeal mask insertion, point of care testing 
 o work within a patient/family-centered model of care 
 o plan and implement plans of care in partnership with the patients, families and supervising Anaesthesiologist 
 o execute safe and appropriate pre- anesthetic preparation, induction, maintenance, and alteration of anesthesia, administration of adjunctive treatment, emergence and continuity of care into and during the postoperative period(PACU) 
 o provide block area assistance, monitoring and initiate appropriate intervention if complications arise 
 o understand, test, calibrate and operate anesthesia equipment, including gas machines, endoscopes, Hemocue ,rapid infuser, pain pumps and others according to patient need 
 o manage the anesthesia environment before a patient enters the room including checking and ensuring all needed equipment is present and working 
 o work with and manage all equipment and supplies related to anesthesia and the adjunct care 
 o respond appropriately to expected, urgent and emergent events 
 o work independently and in collaboration with the entire Perioperative Team 
 o prioritize workload and all aspects of patient care 
 Excellent knowledge and demonstrated advanced ability to assess patient responses to care during anesthesia 
Demonstrated excellent and effective communication skills using all modalities. Able to speak effectively with patients, families, colleagues, physicians, other allied staff. 
Demonstrated excellent team membership. Participates in and leads education sessions for staff, colleagues and other allied health workers. 
 Why Humber? Why Now? 
 Humber River Hospital is on an exciting transformation journey of redefining patient care as we leverage the most advanced technologies to enhance all aspects of delivering high-quality, safe care. We continue to build a people-centered workplace with excellent staff and physician engagement by hiring passionate, diverse and inclusive healthcare professionals. People who care and live our values of Compassion, Professionalism and Respect. People who are committed to making a positive difference. 
 We are a Studer Group hospital, focused on building our evidence-based practice and hardwiring a culture that WOWs. 
 Why? Because at Humber River Hospital, we know it’s our people and our ability to innovate that allows us to consistently deliver a great patient experience and the best quality outcomes. After all, we are the hospital that believes exceptional care...healthier community. 
 This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by the employee within this position. However, the actual responsibilities, duties, qualifications and experience may vary. Employee may perform other related duties as required to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. Information contained in this job posting/description is subject to change. 
 Humber River Hospital is committed to inclusion and diversity. We believe that diversity drives our culture of innovation. By bringing together a variety of different perspectives, it fuels our creative thinking, generates new ideas and creates solutions designed to address tomorrow's healthcare challenges today. We take pride in providing professional development and career advancement opportunities for our employees including minorities, women, veterans and individuals with physical and developmental disabilities. We also provide accommodation to applicants and all of our employees - from hire to retire. 
 Let us know what we can do to help you be successful during your recruitment experience at Humber River Hospital. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
