Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 Virtual Assistant Jobs for Beginners: Top Places to Find Work 
 
 Bridget 
  __ August 25, 2020   
 
 Working as a virtual assistant is one of the most popular ways to earn money online. One of the best things about this work from home job, is that you don't need to have any prior experience. 
 This post may   contain affiliate links, which means I may receive a small commission, at no cost to you, if you make a purchase through a link. 
 While there are some instances in which it helps to have a portfolio or previous clients, there are also plenty of virtual assistant jobs for beginners out there. Many companies that offer virtual assistant positions are more than willing to hire people without prior experience. 
 Generally, finding a beginner virtual assistant job won't be high-paying, but you can use it to build up a portfolio and skills to further help your own clients down the road. Once you establish your own virtual assistant business, you'll be able to charge high, competitive rates and make an excellent income as a virtual assistant. 
 Ready to take charge and get the experience you need to become a successful virtual assistant? Click here to start with this free virtual assistant training.  
 If you're a mom looking for a flexible way to earn money from home, working as a virtual assistant is a great option. Depending on what type of services you offer, you'll often be able to work on tasks whenever  you  have the time, whether that's early in the morning or while your baby sleeps. 
 As a work at home mom, this kind of flexibility is very freeing. 
 What Does a Virtual Assistant Do? 
 If you're a virtual assistant, you'll perform business tasks for other companies or entrepreneurs, all from the comfort of your own home. 
 Here are just a few of the services you can offer as a virtual assistant: 
 
 Writing 
 Editing 
 Email management 
 Customer service 
 Social media management 
 Drop-shipping services 
 Web design 
 Pinterest management 
 Content creation 
 
 The list goes on. If there's a service you can do remotely, you can offer it as a virtual assistant. 
 This isn't to say you need to be experienced in all these things! You simply need to be organized and responsible. If there's a task you already know how to do, you can go ahead and offer it. If you aren't comfortable offering it as a service to others, simply don't include it in your package offerings, or decline tasks from businesses that require you to perform that service. 
 Bloggers, business owners, and companies of all sizes hire VAs all the time because it is usually cheaper and more effective for them to outsource many of their tasks that it would be to onboard an employee. 
 Being a virtual assistant is one of the best jobs for busy moms because you can work as much or as little as you want, on a schedule that works for you. 
 If you want to know more about the benefits of being a virtual assistant, read  How to Become a Virtual Assistant  and  Virtual Assistant Services You Can Offer . 
 How Do I Become a Virtual Assistant with No Experience? 
 One of the great things about working as a virtual assistant is that there's no firm definition as to what this job entails. Instead, it's really up to you and what you feel comfortable doing. 
 Deciding what to offer will largely depend on where you find clients. If you choose to work for one of the many virtual assistant companies out there, then you may be limited as to what you can pick and choose to do. 
 While these companies do hire newbies, it's also true that the more you are willing to do the more likely you are to find regular work. If you only plan to offer a few select tasks, you might find yourself passed over or unable to take on many jobs. 
 Choosing to find clients on your own offers you much more flexibility (and usually a higher paycheck). You can simply package what you do want to do and offer that as a deal to potential clients. Abbey Ashley teaches you how to do all this in her  virtual assistant training . 
 If you want to offer only certain services, consider the following: 
 
 What do you like to do? 
 Are there certain tasks you don 't mind doing that others find tedious or boring? 
 Do you have any special skills or talents you could use to help others? (i.e., Are you a great writer? Love being on the phone?   A selling whiz?) 
 Are you willing to learn new things? 
 
 Read More: How to Become a Pinterest Virtual Assistant 
 Places to Find Virtual Assistant Jobs for Beginners 
 Once you’re confident that becoming a virtual assistant is the job for you, it’s time to go about finding clients. With a little legwork on your end, this will probably be easier than you think. 
 Here are some of the best places to find virtual assistant jobs if you're a beginner. 
 Your Personal Connections 
 It may be the furthest thing from your mind, but your personal network is often one of the best places to find clients. Because virtual assistants perform such a wide variety of tasks, chances are good that someone you know is in need of something that you can offer them. 
 The first step in finding a job from your personal connections is to let them know that you’re available for hire. If you’re on Facebook or Twitter, send out a simple message explaining your new gig and asking others to share for you. 
 When you’re at a family function or even just a playdate at the park, don’t be afraid to share information about your virtual assistant business with others. So much good information spreads by word of mouth. Even if they can’t hire you directly, consider your friends and family cheap and easy advertising. 
 Facebook 
 If you’ve been holding out on getting a Facebook account, now may be the time to throw in the towel. That’s because Facebook groups are proving to be one of the best places to find freelance virtual assistant jobs. 
 Just type the word “freelance” into the search bar on your Facebook homepage, and a whole bunch of listings for various work from home groups will start popping up. People use these Facebook groups to network, talk about job opportunities, and even look for new freelancers who can help them. 
 In order to get a job from one of these groups, you do have to be strategic. Don’t expect anyone to hire you if you pop in and your first post is looking for clients. Instead, introduce yourself to others and offer some helpful information where you’re able. 
 Many business owners might not know much about virtual assistants, or they’re unsure how hiring a remote worker can help them. As they ask questions, provide helpful information on how your services can help them. 
 Working relationships develop over time. As you become part of the community and start providing value, people may eventually reach out to you asking about your services. 
 Online Job Boards 
 Online job boards post jobs of all kinds, including virtual assistant positions. If you’re searching one of these boards, consider your specialties or skills and think about what an employer might call them. 
 For instance, if you’re good at graphic design and hope to offer those services as a virtual assistant, look for remote graphic designer positions. 
 While you may think of yourself as a virtual assistant, employers or clients might think of you as something else. Keeping an open mind will better help you score a job as you browse through these popular sites. 
   FlexJobs  **** 
 FlexJobs is a paid job search site, but members report that the nominal fee is well worth the cost. In exchange for membership, you’ll receive a curated list of only the best jobs available, including those for remote freelance VAs. 
   Freelancer.Com 
 Freelancer.com is a job board dedicated solely to helping freelancers find work. If you need a virtual assistant job, you’ve got a good chance at finding something here. 
   Indeed 
 Indeed is one of the most well-known job search boards. You can search for virtual assistant jobs you think might be a good fit, and even post your resume so that potential employers can find you. 
   ZipRecruiter 
 ZipRecruiter is another job search board that posts a wide range of positions. If you can’t find anything at first, the platform can send you a daily email letting you know if any virtual assistant positions pop up in their feed. 
 Virtual Assistant Staffing Companies 
 If the idea of striking out on your own and seeking your own clients isn’t super appealing, you may prefer working directly with a company that hires VAs. 
 Working with one of these staffing companies does have its drawbacks – your pay is often limited to what the company is willing to pay, and you may have less say over picking and choosing your clientele. 
 Still, working with a staffing company does eliminate a lot of administrative hassle for you, and can be a great choice if you’re just starting out. 
 If you're looking for a place that hires beginners, consider one of these virtual staffing companies: 
   Assistant Match 
 Assistant Match offers training and resources to virtual assistants before matching them up with clients who need help. 
   Belay Solutions 
 In order to work at Belay, you’ll need to have a Bachelor’s Degree and at least 5 years of experience as an Executive Assistant or another similar role. 
   Boldly 
 Boldly prides themselves on hiring only the best virtual assistants. If you consider yourself high level and you can complete more advanced tasks, this may be the platform for you. 
   Byron 
 If you want to work as much or as little as you're able and enjoy the freedom to pick and choose your own projects, Byron allows you to do just that. Choose short-term or long-term requests and only pick tasks when you have time to work. 
   Equivity VA 
 Equivity hires virtual assistants that are available during the traditional working hours of 9 AM to 6 PM, Monday to Friday. They also prefer to hire VAs that have a Bachelor’s Degree and some previous administrative experience. 
   Fancy Hands  **** 
 Head to Fancy Hands if you want the chance to complete a wide variety of tasks. Everything pays a different amount, so you can pick and choose those tasks you feel are worth your while. 
   Okay Relax 
 In order to work at Okay Relax, you must have a college degree and undergo an extensive training program. 
   Time Etc. 
 If you like the idea of regular, consistent work and a fixed hourly rate, Time Etc. may be the platform for you. In order to work for them you will have to undergo an interview and a trial run in order to make sure it’s a good fit. 
   Virtual Gal Friday 
 Virtual Gal Friday hires virtual executive assistants, virtual receptionists, virtual medical assistants, and virtual legal assistants. If you’ve worked in the legal or medical fields before, put your skills to use without ever leaving home. 
   Zirtual  **** 
 In order to work for Zirtual, you must be located within the U.S. and have availability during standard business hours, Monday to Friday. 
 Join an Online Network   for Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 In addition to networking within your physical community, it can be incredibly helpful to find an online support system. 
 Try one of these social communities to find jobs and other helpful resources: 
   VA Networking 
 VANetworking.com offers a forum and social network, perfect for connecting with other VAs, asking questions, and finding jobs. You’ll find both virtual assistants offering helpful tips and customers sharing jobs. 
   Virtual Assistant Forums  **** 
 Virtual Assistant Forums is yet another place you can go and network with others in your field. Track the latest trends and get valuable advice and information from others who may be more experienced in the world of virtual assisting. 
 If you want to work as a virtual assistant, there’s no one way to find your clients. As you build your business, continue to expand your reach and apply for jobs in new places, or network with new people you meet. Sometimes the perfect job opportunities come from the most unexpected places. 
 Ready to find some guidance so you can move beyond beginner status?   Check out this free virtual assistant training to learn what you need to know to move from virtual assistant beginner to work from home pro. 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
