
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 DeansList (IK12) 
 Enterprise SaaS software helping schools manage administrative and non-academic data, and improve parent engagement. 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer - Client Facing 
 $115k - $140k • 0.10% - 0.30% 
 Location 
 New York/Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About DeansList 
 DeansList is the daily driver app that runs great K12 schools all over the U.S. We make it easy for schools to keep track of the data that matters,, distribute it across the school to all stakeholders, and communicate more frequently and more effectively with families. 
 We focus specifically on the needs of students and families in underserved communities. Our feature set is designed to improve opportunities for students most affected by the achievement gap, areas like chronic absenteeism, family engagement, and social emotional skills. 
 Our clients are innovative schools, mission-driven to closing the Achievement Gap, and DeansList is a key tool enabling them help students succeed. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  JavaScript, MySQL, PHP 
 DeansList is hiring its first-ever, dedicated client-facing engineer. 
 This role will take direct ownership of three of our most important functional areas: 
 
 Integrations:  DeansList is just one piece of a modern school’s tech ecosystem and we believe in supporting interoperability is critical to our mission. We have a robust integration layer and you’ll be responsible for managing that codebase, our library of existing connections, and developing connections to new systems. 
 Client-Specific Code:  To streamline schools day-to-day-ops we sometimes deploy custom scripts to our enterprise clients. At first you’ll be responsible for owning our existing script library and developing new scripts for clients as needed. As many of these scripts are widely used and solve needs for many clients, you’ll also have the opportunity to develop these into first-class features. 
 Support Engineering:  You’ll work directly with our rockstar School Success Team to troubleshoot technical issues and to architect creative solutions for our clients. 
 
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
 
 Supporting client-facing teammates and end-users in all of the above areas. 
 Building processes to improve the way these requests are triaged, prioritized, addressed and closed out. 
 Designing and building features to scale the above two tasks. 
 
 People who will succeed in this role: 
 
 Love working with end-users and non-technical members of a team, learning about their workflows, and implementing solutions that make their jobs easier. 
 Are comfortable working with complex relational data models. 
 Are great at writing scripts and finding innovative ways to hack a solution together, but also enjoy medium and large-scale feature development. 
 Enjoy working with APIs and get excited making two systems talk to each other. 
 Are motivated by the challenge of finding a solution to every user’s problem, but also comfortable pushing back when appropriate. 
 Excellent multi-taskers who don’t mind switching between small and large-scale projects. 
 Are not scared by the challenge of working on a large pre-existing codebase and your first urge isn’t always to scrap everything and rebuild. 
 Bonus: have worked with other ed-tech systems and have familiarity with common education data models 
 
 Requirements 
 And finally, here’s the profile of who we think would thrive in this role. This isn’t an exact science - if you don’t meet everyone of these qualifications but feel you’d succeed in this role we encourage you to apply. 
 
 4+ years of professional development experience with our core stack: 
 PHP 
 MySQL 
 REST APIs 
 HTML/CSS/JavaScript 
 Familiarity with some of the other technologies we use: -- GraphQL -- React / React Native -- Redis 
 2+ years experience supporting end-users 
 Experience in or a connection to education/ed-tech 
 
 Who is DeansList? 
 
 We’re a bootstrapped ed-tech company that creates software that helps schools run better. 
 Our SaaS platform is used by hundreds of innovative schools across the country. 
 We’re proud to serve many traditionally underserved communities. 
 Every school’s needs are different, and our software is highly customizable. 
 We’re continually solving hard (aka interesting) problems. 
 We have the footprint and culture of a startup with the stability and resilience of a large company. 
 We’re used to working remotely; we’ve been doing it for almost five years. 
 We love delighting our customers with software and service that go beyond expectations. 
 We believe in work-life balance--an exhausted dev is not a creative dev. 
 
 Technology 
 Architecture 
 Our architecture is a mix of tried/tested technologies like PHP and more modern tools like GraphQL and React. Our core platform is a monolith that we're gradually breaking out into individual services. Some of our newer services run on Laravel/Lumen. We have REST and GraphQL APIs for both internal and client-facing use. 
 Challenges We're Solving 
 
 Our Analysis Tools suite is a world class business intelligence tool tuned specifically for education 
 Our Messaging Center enables schools to communicate with families across voice, SMS and email - meeting parents at the medium that works for them 
 Our integration layer makes it easy for us to connect to any third-party data provider via API or flat file 
 Our internal report IDE lets schools build rich data-filled reports from scratch leveraging GraphQL, HTML and JavaScript 
 
 Additional Technologies 
 Ansible, ECS, Handlebars, Laravel/Lumen, GraphQL, MySQL, Node.JS, Puppeteer, React, React Native, Redis 
 Other jobs at DeansList 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer - Client Facing 
 fulltime 
 New York/Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $115k - $140k 
 0.10% - 0.30% 
 3+ years 
 Director of School Success 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Senior Mobile Developer (React Native) 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Reporting and Data Associate 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
