Oratio Contemplativa 
 Thou hast stricken my heart with Thy word, and I loved Thee 
 Tag Archives: Job 1 
 April 7, 2014  by   marissaburt 
 Waiting for Easter 
 When I saw the priest swipe the Ash Wednesday cross on my baby’s forehead,  I cried . 
 “Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,” the priest said, and I looked at my round-cheeked, bobble-headed, newly-born gift, and I was terrified.  He will die one day  , I thought, and the simple truth of the human condition quickened inside me. I spent this last January in the hospital with that child, now a growing seven-year-old. He was gravely ill, and, for a time, the doctors didn’t know how to diagnose him. 
 If you’ve ever lingered in a children’s hospital, you know it is a hallowed place.  It tears you up to see young bodies worn thin with illness and bloated with medication, to watch toddlers toting IV poles, and to find children who should be running and jumping and laughing bedridden. 
 There’s an instant respect and gratitude for the nurses and doctors and workers who battle death every day and long through the night. 
 There’s a strange kinship that comes with intuitively recognizing the fear and powerlessness on fellow parents’ faces stretched tight with worry. 
 We named our eldest son Dominic, because it means  belonging to the Lord . I’ve always believed it, but facing the reality that our son didn’t in fact belong to us, that we couldn’t heal him or sustain him or hold on to him — it was a hard place. 
 It’s also a place where dysfunctional coping mechanisms come in handy. The ability to emotionally disconnect, to push past the pain and fear and instead smile at my weak and feverish child was a strange gift that made the days endurable.  The breath-stealing moments came at night  , when the room was quiet and my boy slept, and I curled in to the hard plastic couch and cried a soundless prayer, the kind where no words come and your body prays for you, the kind I last prayed when we miscarried a baby, the kind that comes from the gut. 
 
 © Copyright Renjishino1 and licensed for reuse at Wikimedia. 
 One afternoon I was able to slip down to the prayer chapel, where the thick doors shut out the muffled sound of the hospital. It was late December, so the nativity still sat at the front of a room framed by four stained glass images. Next to that was a kneeler facing Mecca. Opposite, a spreading tree curved over the wall. And behind that, a glass cabinet, filled with every religious symbol you can imagine. This was a place where no one could escape the truth of mortality, where a parent’s deepest fears confronted them face-to-face —  a place where everyone reaches for God. 
 I had the chapel to myself, which was good, because emotion is loud and desperation bottles up inside, and all I could think was:  NOT MY CHILD . 
 The past four years have wrung us dry as a family. Circumstances have squeezed tight from every possible angle, and brokenness and sin have nearly choked the life out of us, and as 2014 dawned I couldn’t face this new gauntlet. 
 “Please, God,” I begged. “Not that. Not my son.” I refused to bookend this with a rote request for God’s will to be done. 
 I was afraid of God’s will. 
 I know well the stories of  Job and his inexplicable loss  and  Abraham climbing the mountain with his boy  and  the woman who dared to believe Elisha’s promise of a son only to lose him . I wanted life and health for my child. If something else came, well…the thought of it was, and is, intolerable. 
 I confessed this to a friend who gently reminded me that  no, thank you  must be a permissible prayer, because  there was Another who prayed the cup of suffering be taken from him . And I held tight to that when the diagnosis finally came, when it turned out my son’s rare disease was treatable but had long term consequences, when we learned that he had cardiac damage that may or may not resolve, when the doctor quietly instructed us how to spot the signs of a heart attack in children, when we learned that at seven years old, he has heart disease. I am deeply thankful for that outcome. I know it could have been much worse, and that for many children it is. 
 
 © Copyright Jerzy Hulewicz and licensed for reuse at Wikimedia. 
 Writing medical updates for friends and family reminds me of this. I can’t make myself form the expected vocabulary. “Praise God,” seems like what I ought to say to preface every good report. 
 But it rings false in my mouth  , because it feels myopic and premature. I’m grateful, yes, but I’d have much rather passed on the whole experience. And what of the other children? The ones who have only bad news to report? 
 Easter is far off and while the hope of God’s victory frames all of life, we live in the shadowlands where children’s hospitals are still packed full. I can’t stop thinking about the families who don’t get the “Praise God” report. Many days I find myself back in the hospital chapel, panicked in the face of suffering children, and shouting: NO, THANK YOU.  Because disease and death? I hate them. 
 In the front of the chapel, there was a large book filled with written prayers. Pleading prayers, and resigned prayers, and prayers for strength, and messages of love to dead children. Because children die. Parents sit in that room and plead and cry and  God doesn’t take the cup from their boy’s lips. 
 They are left bereft and empty-armed, and I can hardly breathe when I think of that played out. I can make no sense of the “why?” questions, and while my head does fine with accepting the sound theological parsing of suffering, my heart can’t swallow it. On this side of mortality, there is no answer to the reality of that kind of suffering. 
 There is only Jesus. 
 A wounded Savior, I’m desperate for him. It’s moments like those where I need the crucifix.  I need to see God himself coming to enter into suffering and death.   I need to see him draw near to us in the face of our doubt and grief and show us the wounds in his hands and his side. 
 
 © Copyright Michael Saludo and licensed for reuse at Wikimedia. 
 When I hear stories of loss, a friend whose newborn baby died after four months of battling in the hospital, the woman whose five-year-old was suddenly given a few months to live, the dying mother who stores up letters for her four children to read after she’s gone, the missionary who came home on furlough to find a terminal cancer diagnosis, the Code Blues ringing through the hospital halls —it is too much for me.  Death, our great enemy , steals in, and  how can we endure it? 
 I don’t know. There are no theological answers that make the pain bearable. Death is part of our world — a strange, beautiful, holy, and terrible thing about being human. 
 Lent gives me space to receive this, it brings me into the wilderness with Christ, who took on a body destined for dust. The ashes on all of our foreheads become a quiet chorus that whispers:  death comes to us all . Though we must accept death,  there is no way to normalize it . I think of this as I wonder how one copes with the suffering and untimely death of a child. Or of anyone, really, because  is death ever timely when we were made for life ? 
 I’m having trouble ending this post, wrapping it up with some sort of tidy conclusion, but I think that’s perhaps appropriate. There is no conclusion for the Lenten moments – no tidy answer for my empty-armed friends, for the mothers still pacing floors, for the hollowed-eyed fathers in the hospital coffee line, for all of us who cry wordless prayers of pain. 
 Together, we wait with the suffering, gasping, beautiful world, believing hard that  Easter is coming . 
 
 Posted in  Reflections 
Tagged  1 Corinthians 15:26 ,  1 Corinthians 15:35-58 ,  2 Kings 4:8-37 ,  crucifix ,  death ,  death as enemy ,  easter ,  faith ,  fear ,  Genesis 22 ,  illness ,  Isaiah 44:5 ,  Job 1 ,  John 12:27-50 ,  John 20:24-29 ,  Lent ,  Mark 14:32-42 ,  resurrection ,  suffering ,  theology of suffering ,  wounded Christ 
 1 Comment 
 Post navigation 
 Pages 
 
 About the Audio 
 About the Author 
 About the Prayers 
 Contact 
 Reader's Theater 
 
 Prayers By Season/Year 
 Prayers By Season/Year Select Category Democracy of the Dead Lent Pentecost Prayers, Year A    Advent, Year A (BCP)    Christmas, Year A (BCP)    Easter, Year A (BCP)    Easter, Year A (RCL)    Epiphany, Year A (BCP)    Lent, Year A (BCP)    Lent, Year A (RCL)    Pentecost, Year A (RCL) Prayers, Year B    Christmas, Year B (BCP)    Easter, Year B (BCP)    Easter, Year B (RCL)    Epiphany, Year B (BCP)    Epiphany, Year B (RCL)    Lent, Year B (BCP)    Lent, Year B (RCL)    Pentecost, Year B (BCP)    Pentecost, Year B (RCL) Prayers, Year C    Advent, Year C (BCP)    Advent, Year C (RCL)    Christmas, Year C (BCP)    Christmas, Year C (RCL)    Easter, Year C (BCP)    Easter, Year C (RCL)    Epiphany, Year C (BCP)    Epiphany, Year C (RCL)    Lent, Year C (BCP)    Lent, Year C (RCL)    Pentecost, Year C (BCP)    Pentecost, Year C (RCL) Reader's Theater - Easter Week All Years Reflections Uncategorized Year A Year A (BCP) Year A (RCL) Year B Year B (BCP) Year B (RCL) Year C Year C (RCL) 
 Audio Divina: Death, Resurrection, and the Life to Come 
 Honey from Rock Bottom 
 
 Honey from Rock Bottom 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month February 2020  (3) September 2014  (1) April 2014  (2) March 2014  (5) October 2013  (3) September 2013  (3) August 2013  (4) July 2013  (10) June 2013  (53) May 2013  (6) April 2013  (4) March 2013  (2) February 2013  (10) January 2013  (5) November 2012  (10) October 2012  (15) September 2012  (10) August 2012  (7) July 2012  (10) May 2012  (12) April 2012  (4) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (6) January 2012  (18) September 2010  (24) May 2010  (3) April 2010  (4) March 2010  (1) February 2010  (1) December 2009  (2) November 2009  (3) October 2009  (4) September 2009  (5) June 2009  (2) May 2009  (3) April 2009  (4) March 2009  (1) February 2009  (1)  Follow Oratio Contemplativa on WordPress.com 
 
 Advent, Year A (BCP)   Advent, Year C (BCP)   Advent, Year C (RCL)   Christmas, Year A (BCP)   Christmas, Year B (BCP)   Christmas, Year C (BCP)   Democracy of the Dead   Easter, Year A (BCP)   Easter, Year B (BCP)   Easter, Year B (RCL)   Easter, Year C (BCP)   Easter, Year C (RCL)   Epiphany, Year A (BCP)   Epiphany, Year B (BCP)   Epiphany, Year B (RCL)   Epiphany, Year C (BCP)   Epiphany, Year C (RCL)   Lent, Year A (BCP)   Lent, Year A (RCL)   Lent, Year B (BCP)   Lent, Year B (RCL)   Lent, Year C (BCP)   Lent, Year C (RCL)   Pentecost, Year B (BCP)   Pentecost, Year B (RCL)   Pentecost, Year C (BCP)   Pentecost, Year C (RCL)   Reader's Theater - Easter Week All Years   Reflections   Uncategorized 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
