[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 At Home Data Entry Job that Pays $11 Per Hour 
 Published by  aw1219  on July 13, 2018 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Most of my blog readers and followers have the desire to work from home doing data entry. Although these jobs are few and far between, there are some companies that still need people to work from home keying in data from their laptop or desktop computer. Data entry can be a great opportunity to get your foot in the door to working from home because it doesn't require a lot of skills other than to type fast and accurately, is easy to complete and enjoyable for many if you like repetitive work. 
 Before I started working from home, one of the jobs that I had was working for the United States Post Office in their remote encoding department as a data entry keyer. My job was to look at a computer screen and type in the names, addresses and zip codes of individuals written on mail piece images that were not picked up by the scanner. The pay was great and I could even listen to music while working as long as my performance didn't suffer. 
 Work at home Data Entry Companies I have experience with 
 I also worked for a few work at home companies doing data entry from home in my spare time like Lionbridge, Great American Opportunities, Amazon Mturk and other small gigs. Because data entry is considered to be an entry-level position, that pay may not be as desirable as the job. You can expect to earn at least minimum wage or a little higher depending upon your speed and accuracy. 
 On this website and my other blog at  Homebasedmommie.com , I currently post legitimate data entry jobs as they become available. There is one company called Cass Information Systems that constantly advertises their data entry positions because they are in high demand. Here are a few details about this position so that you will know what to expect working from this company from home and how you can apply online. 
 Who is Cass Information Systems? 
 Cass Information Systems is a provider of transportation, utility, waste and telecom management businesses that was founded back in 1906. They have jobs in St. Louis Missouri, Columbus Ohio, Greenville South Carolina, Jacksonville Florida as well as the Netherlands, Singapore and the UK. Cass Information Systems helps businesses to manage 50 billion in expenses and supplier payments accurately. 
 What kind work at home positions do they offer? 
 Currently, Cass Information Systems has work at home positions for Offsite Invoice Payment Specialists to work part time. 
 What are my job duties? 
 
 As an Offsite Invoice Payment Specialist, you will be responsible for accurately entering data to pay utility and/or freight invoices and prepare customized reports. In addition to this, you may be required to enter customer data from sourced documents and coded information, ensure no lost or missing bills, key invoices from images and other related duties. 
 What are the requirements to work from home for Cass Info? 
 As stated on their official website, you must be able to type at least 8,000 or 9,000 kph depending upon the position you apply to, can work independently, can retain and follow instructions, have good time management skills and good keyboarding skills or prior keyboarding experience. Cass Information Systems requires their remote workers to train onsite at one of their locations for 6 up to 14 weeks. It is recommended that you live near one of their facilities so that you can easily pick up and drop off your work that you have completed. 
 What is the application process like? 
 If you meet the qualifications, you will create an account, provide your  resume , contact and other employment information. Cass Information Systems prefers that you submit a cover letter with your desired salary. The process will take less than 20 minutes to complete from start to finish which is much less than other companies. You will be contacted by a representative of the company if they are considering hiring you to complete the final steps and start date. 
 Please note that you have the option of applying and signing up through your social media profiles, if you choose to do so. 
 How can I apply to Cass Information Systems? 
 Please visit their job openings page  here  to apply online and make sure that you live in or near the location listed for their work at home positions. Also check back and revisit their website to see new work at home openings and go to the  weekly job section  or  Friday freebie  pages on this blog. 
 
 Tips to Getting a Data Entry Job 
 
 Clip your nails so to eliminate mistakes and improve your speed. 
 Practice typing in your spare time. Check out the book, " How to Type Fast " on Amazon. 
 Put more emphasis on accuracy rather than speed in the beginning. 
 Invest in an  ergonomic keyboard  to minimize muscle strain. 
 Use a  stable computer table  and sturdy chair to work efficiently. 
 
 Additional resources to find legitimate data entry jobs? 
 Check out some of these posts below, if you are looking for a work at home data entry job. 
 How to Get Data Entry Work at Home 
 15 Legitimate Work at home Data Entry Jobs 
 
 13 Places to find work at home Data Entry Jobs 
 Data Entry Page 
 Workersonboard FB Group 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  cass info work at home data entry jobs legit data entry work at home job work at home data entry job with hourly pay 
 Tags:  at home data entry jobs work at home data entry jobs work at home data entry positions work from home data entry jobs 
           
 
 2 Comments 
   
 Jonathan Booth  * July 14, 2018 at 6:23 am 
 I have read up alot on data entry jobs. Is it difficult to do? Im not the best or fastest typer in the world but i am in need of something that I can make some kind of money from. 
 I have been hearing alot about bitcoin. Has anyone heard of it? I found this place and I going to give it a shot. 
 What does someone think? Im gonna try data entry and this both. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 %d bloggers like this: 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
