__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 Advertise With Us 
 
 
    The Source For Next Work Environments 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 Product Roundups 
 
 
 All Things NeoCon 
 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
 
 What's Next? 
 
 
 Competition 
 
 
 2020 Submission Snapshot 
 
 
 Meet The Jury 
 
 
 Video Interviews 
 
 
 Shortlist of Finalists 
 
 
 2020 Next Work Environment Competition Winners 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with CareerArc’s Robin Richards 
 by  Bob Fox 
 Bob Fox connected with   Robin Richards   , CEO of   CareerArc   , who   believes the physical environment that respects and embodies the employee, is where you get the biggest value. 
 Robin Richards - Photography by Alicia Cho 
 Bob Fox: Could you tell us about your company, the type of work you do, and the industry you’re a part of? 
 Robin Richards: CareerArc is a technology-based social recruiting and outplacement solutions. We look at the issues of recruitment, employment, and transitioning employees. The entire brand experience that  employment  has on a company is crucial, so we created a recruitment branding platform that help companies distribute and manage their brand and job openings on social networks. 
 On the back end, we help companies properly protect their brand through the use of virtual outplacement and career transitioning services. On the front end, we help them amplify it. 
 We’ve helped to revolutionize space this because it’s been an elitist industry where only senior executives receive these kinds of services in the past. It’s our belief that if someone gives you their blood, sweat, and tears regardless of the outcome, you owe them a little bit of help getting them on their feet. 
 We brought the price and the access down by 80 percent. We’re growing very nicely, and my intention is to bring this service to 100 percent of Americans before I’m done here. 
 Finding good talent is always tricky and the piece-parts of attracting good talent are changing. It’s not just salary or capability of what you do and what they need – it’s environments and perks that are not traditional to what previous generations are used to knowing. 
 CareerArc 's Burbank, CA office exterior - Photography by Alicia Cho 
 Bob: How big is your company? 
 Richard: We have 115 employees, and we are expecting to grow at least another third this year. Inclusion is very important to us as well. 
 Bob: Could you describe your organization’s culture and how that behavior plays into the work that you do? 
 Richard: As a long-time entrepreneur and starter of companies, culture is a critical aspect to productivity. If people are happy, they need less management. If people are given great deals of respect as individuals, then it’s up to us to have hired the right kind of makeup to the mindsets we bring aboard. Skillset is teachable, mindset is not. 
 Our base belief is three-fold. Number one, respect for all. We expect everyone to treat each other with respect. Number two, you have to be as clear as you can in your direction to people. I don’t like micromanagement. It’s important for top level to speak clearly and let people do what you’ve asked them to do. Number three is encouragement, as a fast-growing company you have to have employees who think “I can, and I will”. 
 CareerArc 's open floor plan - Photography by Alicia Cho 
 Bob: Is there any way that you embody that culture into the physical work environment? 
 Robin: In our office space, we have about 2,200 SF of space, six to seven conference rooms, and five to six open-areas with just couches. 
 We’ve also included white boarded walls, a ping pong room with video gaming system, and a wonderful lunchroom where we bring in lunch or breakfast often. There’s lots of light, open spaces, and the cubicles are low. This is what matters to people. 
 Bob: When you designed the space, was there an overarching goal? 
 Robin: We retrofitted more than designed from ground floor. Colors mattered, and the overarching architectural thought-process was open space where we give enough closed areas for private conversations and heads down work. I also didn’t want to look down a narrow hall 40-yards deep. About 80 percent of the time I can get a glance of my employees and they can also see me. 
 Bob: How is the workplace helping you achieve your business goals? 
 Robin: I think people within the company impact productivity in most circumstances. With the proper culture and architectural design, people feel proud, open, and can get to know each other. This is where people begin to give you that productivity because you’ve given them that environment. We think our environment has a gigantic impact on productivity. 
 Bob: Where do you think you get the biggest value from your workplace? 
 Robin: When you’re talking about space, I think you get the biggest value through the ease of interaction. The nature of the flow, and how the break rooms, game rooms and lunchrooms are set up is important. Ensuring that the space is not departmentally sensitive and allows for areas to simply relax makes people happy and helps them connect with each other. 
 The physical environment that respects the person and really tries to embody the person, is where you get the biggest value. 
 Photography by Alicia Cho 
 Bob: You’ve described your space as being predominantly open plan. The open office is getting a lot of negative press lately in the media. How do you feel about that? 
 Robin: I’ve read both positive and negative reviews on the open-office environment. Where there are issues in the open office, they get mitigated with good design. 
 Noise is an issue in an open office environment. You can’t just have open ceilings; you’ve got to have noise cancellation points and we’ve spent the money to do that. It’s also important to know how to lump your people that are outward facing and on the phone a lot to ensure they don’t conflict with people who spend a lot of time doing heads down work. 
 Part of open environments that didn’t work is the corporation itself, the management itself and not thinking where people should sit and how the flow should work. Open environments require lots of conference rooms and talk rooms. They also require getaway rooms so you don’t feel like you are in a cube all day so, we have a number of couch and chair set ups so that our employees can get up, move around, and have privacy. 
 I think giving people the flexibility to change their environment within the environment is what makes it better. 
 The bright and fresh lobby area at CareerArc - Photography by Alicia Cho 
 Bob: When somebody walks into the space for the first time, what do you think their reaction is and what they may experience? Is there any branding or message you’re trying to communicate? 
 Robin: When someone walks into our space for the first time, they’ll notice that it’s a fresh space and generally think, “wow this is cool”. We’re a democratization where we are trying to bring service to all employees that the market has been unable to bring them. When you’re about democratization, you better have an open approach to your space. All of our products and services are equal. There’s no one that has nicer products or services than another. I think this goes with the respect for all concept we value. 
 Bob: How do you measure your organization’s performance? 
 Robin: We have KPI’s like any good organization. If you’re in the demand generation section of the business, there’s a certain amount of work product that you want out of each person each day. Over the course of time, you learn the bell curve and manage to that. The marketing department or finance department - they have their own KPI’s as well. We are very data driven. Our flat screens will demonstrate things we are working on, our awards, and we try to tell a little bit of our company story. 
 Bob: Do you have a way to measure your space? 
 Robin: We are constantly taking feedback on what people think about the office. We’re very inclusive in our strategic approach. 
 Bob: In terms of budget for your space, where are you most willing to spend money? 
 Robin: It’s on you if you’re not heard around here, because people are here to listen. We have an environment, both physical and emotional, where it is easy to be heard and easy to speak up. We have a saying that says “Don’t be Right, Win”, and that’s directed at everyone. Not only are we in the service business to our customers, but also to our people. 
 The CareerArc team in the main conference room. 
 Tags from the story 
 Burbank ,  CA ,  CareerArc ,  CEOs Talk Workplace ,  happiness at work ,  human resources ,  open plan ,  people-centric design ,  recruitment 
 0 
 [ __ Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https://www.workdesign.com/2019/10/ceos-talk-workplace-interview-with-careerarcs-robin-richards/&t=CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with CareerArc’s Robin Richards) [ __ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?original_referer=https://www.workdesign.com/2019/10/ceos-talk-workplace-interview-with-careerarcs-robin-richards/&text=CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with CareerArc’s Robin Richards&tw_p=tweetbutton&url=https://www.workdesign.com/2019/10/ceos-talk-workplace-interview-with-careerarcs-robin-richards/&via=workdesignmag) [ __ Pinterest ](//pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https://www.workdesign.com/2019/10/ceos-talk-workplace-interview-with-careerarcs-robin-richards/&media=https://www.workdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/20190723_O_CareerArc-RRichards-003_0.png&description=CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with CareerArc’s Robin Richards) 
 [ LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://www.workdesign.com/2019/10/ceos-talk-workplace-interview-with-careerarcs-robin-richards/&title=CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with CareerArc’s Robin Richards&source=Work Design Magazine)   Email  
   
 Written By 
  Bob Fox  
  __    __ 
 More from Bob Fox 
 Change is Changing: The Next Workspace 
 New and more efficient ways of working are being incorporated into office... 
 Read More 
 You may also like 
   
 April 25, 2014 
 Taking Off at Runway Incubator 
   
 June 6, 2014 
 The Open Work Environment: Removing Barriers, Not Just Walls 
   
 July 10, 2014 
 How to Maintain a Collaborative Environment in Times of Company Growth 
 __Previous article The Four Most Effective Office Designs In The US, And Other Industry News 
 __Next article Clear Design's KOZE Is A Perfect Balance Of Beauty And Functionality 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 20-Minute Video 
 Return to Work: A Leader’s Guide To Avoiding The Mental Health Crisis 
 Recent Articles 
 
 The Future of Design: Material Evolution 
 Six Ways the Pandemic is Changing Flexible Workspace 
 Industry News: The Death Of The Office Desk Is Upon Us 
 Creating Hybrid Communities Post-COVID-19 
 Work Better: Expanded Expectations for Wellbeing at Work 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 Oct  04 
 NeoCon 2021 • Chicago 
 October 4 - October 6 
 Chicago IL 
  View More…  
 MOST SHARED 
 
 A Common Sense Guide for Returning to the Post… 
 Navigating Your Future Workplace Post COVID-19: A Roadmap 
 The COVID-19 World And Its Impact On The Future Of Work 
 Ergonomics and Workplace Design 
 The Hidden Costs of Open Ceilings 
 A New Normal: Touchless Offices in the Post-Pandemic World 
 5 Ways To Achieve A Healthier Work Space Now And… 
 2019 Workplace Trend Predictions 
 Enriching the Workplace with Biophilic Design 
 A Look into The Workplace Post-COVID-19: The “Anti-Office”  
 
 Editor's Pick 
   
 Expert Insights 
  The Future of Design: Material Evolution  
 __ 
 More Stories 
   
 Expert Insights 
  What If Gen Y Transforms All Workplaces?  
 Our Partners 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Ad Specs 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 2021 
 
 
 Industry News 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Media Kit 2021 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Write For Us 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 CS 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2021) 
 Back to top __ 
 Stay Informed & Inspired: The Source 
 
 CLOSE 
 WDM Screens Survey 2019 
 Work Design wants to hear from you! 
 You are invited to participate in a 3-minute survey that we are conducting about  screens in the workplace . 
 In exchange you'll be the first to get the results! 
 
