Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Attendant Customer assistance, Commercial Sales 
 Rona 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees who demonstrate their commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Lowe’s Canada operates or services more than 600 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, and Ace Canada banners are always looking for dedicated employees to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 What are you waiting for? Join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, and be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 
 Target the PRO customers and demonstrate an interest in helping them 
 Provide an exceptional customer service experience that exceeds all expectations and by offering complementary products according to their needs 
 Be a comprehensive listener to their needs and opportunities 
 Be an ambassador of the PRO services, by your knowledge of current programs and promotions and your ability to communicate them clearly to customers. 
 Help customers place merchandise in their cart or in their cars 
 Help locate, choose, transport and load merchandise for customers 
 Be aware of promotions and flyers happening 
 Perform opening / mid-shift and closing tasks 
 Occasional Task: Prepare Web orders for PRO, help with targeted customer calls, and collaborate in the preparation of PRO events 
 Respect the store politics and procedures concerning prevention and health and safety at work 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You love helping others and serving your community? You have the touch that will make customer smile? Well then, you have what it takes to be a part of the team! 
 Work Schedule 
Work schedule from Monday to Friday, 6 a.m. to 3 p.m., not exclusively. 
Required to work according to a schedule defined by sales needs, the traffic time by the pros, but can be modified by the store direction based on the store’s needs. 
Requests to be scheduled for a specific day require prior notification and approval from the supervisor. 
 Full-time, part-time or seasonal schedule:  generally scheduled at 40, 24 to 30 hours or 0 to 40 hours per week respectively; more hours may be required depending on the needs of the store. 
 Note:  We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only successful candidates will be contacted. This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
