Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Analyst, Seller Recruitment (Contractor) 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
The newly formed Marketplace team recently launched Canada’s next billion-dollar business by combining the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, operations, and more. We are building an unparalleled experience to transform the way Canadians shop and we’re looking for entrepreneurial, scrappy, collaborative individuals who thrive in a fast-pace environment. 
As the Senior Analyst, Marketplace you will be part of the Seller Recruitment team, a division of the business unit responsible for identifying and building relationships with marketplace sellers. 
What you'll do 
Identify, engage, and coordinate with marketplace prospects to create initial discussions with high-profile brands and retailers 
Assist in pitching the marketplace value proposition to prospective marketplace sellers and facilitate contracting 
Track marketplace prospects throughout the sales funnel and act as point of contact for sellers to provide a smooth onboarding experience 
Collaborate closely cross-functionally with merchandising, seller success, and growth to assist in shaping the approach to future recruitment initiatives 
Does this Sound like you? 
Completion of a Bachelor’s degree (BA, BCom) or similar is required 
Completion of post-graduation degrees or certificates will be considered an asset 
At least 2 years of experience across Canadian retail, eCommerce, marketplace operations, merchandising, or a start-up. Specific experience building and establishing processes to scale from scratch would be considered an asset 
Dealing with ambiguity and high degree of proactive “hands-on” critical thinking and mobilizing actions 
Excellent communication skills and ability to influence and lead individuals towards business goals 
Strong analytical skills and ability to drive to insights from data 
Experience using Excel and similar analytical tools to measure performance, determine improvements and innovations, and to support project requests from partner teams 
Ability to self-organize multiple tasks well and to complete them on time with a clear focus on quantitative results 
Solid understanding of retail math metrics, merchandise planning, or financial planning 
Willingness to work well in a team 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
