
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: acting career 
  June 8, 2012  
 A Film With Me In It 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 Leave it to the Irish to create such a dark and twistedly funny take on Final Destination meets the saddest of all losers who has to deal with it. A Film With Me In It is the story of Mark (Mark Doherty, writer and brother of co-star David O'Doherty) and how his career as an actor is really never going to take off. This gives an ironic sense to the title of the movie, based around an actor I've never heard of and a lot of my readers may have never heard of. From the very beginning, Mark Doherty's acting comes off as quiet and reclusive, mixed with a hell of a lot of timidity. Mix this with the violent actions of the film and you have one of the funniest U.K. films I've ever seen. 
 A little more about Mark, the character. He lives in a small flat with his old arsed dog, and his completely catatonic brother in a wheelchair, 
 
 Mark, the fall guy. 
 David (David O'Doherty, his actual brother, as I've already said. The O' makes all the difference). Being an actual comedian, it's funny to see him not be able to say a damn thing throughout the whole film. Residing with him in his small and rundown flat is his girlfriend, Sally (Amy Huberman). She's sick of everything that needs to be repaired and basically wants to leave Mark. Living in the same building is Mark's alcoholic and gambling addict friend, Pierce (Dylan Moran). Fulfilling his role as the stereotypical Irishman, he'll go out and drink, try and become a playwright, and end up at the races. 
 
 This may look familiar to another film… 
 Mark's apartment is a deathtrap. The lights barely work. The window to the garden is a pair of slapped knuckles waiting to happen. Everything wobbles and creaks no matter what they try and do. And their landlord, Jack (Keith Allen) refuses to help repair anything until the rent is paid. With Mark being an out of work actor, there's not a witch's teat in Hell that he can ever scrape up enough dough to even fix the light bulb eerily flashing in the kitchen. 
 And that's where things start to become a problem. A rising body count and a lot of individuals sticking their noses in where they don't belong causes Mark and his "accomplice" Pierce to have to create a scenario in which all of these "sequential accidents" cannot be blamed on the two of them. With a quick wit and a lot of dark comedy that comes from body removal, these two dig themselves a grave. Can they even get out? 
 
 That silly O'Doherty doesn't get to say a thing. 
 I sincerely loved this movie. I was laughing constantly at Dylan Moran's lines of sarcastic pessimism and Mark's inability to respond in any way. There are a lot of tragic things that happen in this movie, and its almost hard to laugh at some of them. The measures these two have to go to is well beyond absurd. It comes up to the point of downright cruel. But what the two get out of it is a great script and some ideas that could potentially make them criminals for life. 
 And there was such an eclectic cast in this film! There are the Doherty/O'Doherty brothers, one of whom is a comedian. The other, more of a sick joke comedian. Even Dylan Moran is a comedian. Keith Allen has done everything from music to movies, stand up, and writing. Aisling O'Sullivan is a renowned Irish actress that takes the part of the sweet small town policewoman (AKA Garda). Round that out with a sneak appearance by Jonathan Rhys Meyers and you have yourself a wonderful little cast of simple comedy. 
 
 There's some serious criminal activity going down. 
 This movie is dark. And I'm talking pitch black. There's death, dismemberment, and not a heavy tear shed for anyone but the dog. A man down on his luck and it gets so much worse is hard to watch onscreen, especially when he just takes it. You need some sort of silver lining for a character like that. Well don't you fret, there is one. And it may be the best little shiny cloud you'll see all year. I was thoroughly wrapped up in this movie and its characters to the point where I would give anything for them to get away with it. If you wanna know what happens, you should definitely watch this film. You might find yourself loving it as much as I did. Although, this movie wasn't one with me in it. 9.7 out of 10. 
 And here's a little taste of what you're getting into. 
 Leave a comment    |  tags:  A Film With Me In It ,  absurdity ,  accidents ,  accomplices ,  acting career ,  actors I've never seen ,  Aisling O'Sullivan ,  alchoholic ,  Amy Huberman ,  body removal ,  Brothers ,  catatonic brother ,  co-star ,  cruelty ,  dark and twisted ,  dark comedy ,  David O'Doherty ,  death ,  deathtrap ,  dismemberment ,  down on his luck ,  drinking ,  Dylan Moran ,  eclectic cast ,  Final Destination ,  funniest UK film ever ,  gambler ,  Garda ,  get away with it ,  girlfriend ,  great script ,  in need of repair ,  irish ,  Irishman ,  ironic ,  Jack ,  Jonathan Rhys Meyers ,  Keith Allen ,  landlord ,  loser ,  Mark ,  Mark Doherty ,  movies ,  murder ,  music ,  old dog ,  out of work actor ,  pessimism ,  Pierce ,  pitch black ,  playwright ,  quick wit ,  quiet and reclusive ,  renowned Irish actress ,  rising body count ,  rundown flat ,  sad ,  Sally ,  sarcasm ,  sick joke ,  silver lining ,  small town policewoman ,  stand up ,  stand up comedians ,  stereotype ,  timid ,  tragedy ,  violence ,  wheelchair ,  writer ,  writing  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
