Somewhere; a twentysomething… 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Natalie 
 Ft. Myers Miracle Pictures 
 Pictures 
 
   
 Category Archives: Job Market 
 August 3, 2011 * 10:04 pm 
 A (funny) Year in Palm Beach 
 I’m not sure what month it was, but very shortly after I moved to West Palm I realized I was in a different world. Driving down Royal Poinciana (boutiques and restaurants on both sides, ginormous palm trees lining the median) on the way to work, I stopped at a red light. I noticed I felt pretty high in the air as I sat in my red Chevy Equinox SUV, something I am not familiar with as some friends have called my SUV a hybrid between a van and a SUV. I looked to my left; a black Maserati driven by an older gentleman with a dark tan and white hair that only made him look distinguished, not older. Someone who probably wears Italian loafers and matching driving gloves (do those still exist? I feel like this car would come with a pair in the glove box.) To my right; a red Ferrari driven by a woman with hair so blonde it looked white. The diamonds in her ears were the size of a small planet and her extremely smooth skin (smoother than I could ever imagine having and she was well past mid-age) was covered by a full face of makeup. This was an extremely long red light and yes, I was staring. I almost grimaced as I looked in my rear view mirror and saw a creamy, white colored Bentley idle behind me, probably wondering what this normal looking, run-of-the-mill car from Indiana was doing on this side of the bridge (people have to work…). 
 Good Lord, I thought. No wonder I felt I was high in the air. I was wedged in between two of the most expensive, low-riding, beautiful pieces of metal I had ever seen (the Bentley switched lanes and turned; I decided it looked like some kind of glamorous hearse). I proceeded to take inventory of my own car: an empty Panera cup in one holder, my coffee Tervis Tumbler in the other. A Target bag filled with junk I had collected from my car that I had been forgetting to throw away. A sandy towel that was probably developing mold still stuffed in my beach bag from a few days before. One or more brown paper bags from Makeb’s Deli that fulfilled my breakfast needs (multi-grain bagel, scooped out, fat-free veggie cream cheese), many days before the sun was up. The gray fabric interior was stained in some spots from a Diet Coke that froze then exploded while my car was parked on a side street in Chicago two years ago and the dashboard—it was buried beneath a nice film of dust. 
 In the last seconds of that red light, I remember leaning my head back on the head rest and laughing at the whole scenario. What the HELL had I gotten myself into? 
 I’ll tell you what I had gotten myself into. I worked on an island where popping your collar is still acceptable, if not encouraged. Where pink linen pants and an equally bright polo/linen shirt have been seen exiting the Bethesda by the Sea church on any given Sunday morning. Where there is more plastic than a Tupperware party and I’m not just talking about the exclusive American Express Black Card (those things hardly qualify for plastic; the thing weighs a ton). Where women still wear fancy-schmancy hats to lunch….these seriously are “ladies who lunch.” 
 Where I have been asked, “are those your own?” in which she was referring to my EYELASHES (shout out to Maybelline for awesome mascara). Where one woman inquired, “who is in charge of your hair? What color do you tell her you want it?” 
 Well, I am very much in charge of my own hair unless it is an extremely hot and humid day, which tends to be pretty frequent around here. Then, it has a mind of its own. And what color do I tell my colorist? Being the predominately natural blonde that I am, I only focus on my roots and I can thank L’Oreal and their fantastic box for supplying the mix that brings my dark blonde roots back to a buttery hue that matches the rest of my hair. The best part about the whole thing? Walgreens usually has my brand on sale….2-for-$12 (I think the woman was slightly appalled when I told her I did it myself…)! 
 Palm Beach is also where six year olds have cell phones and where I had a conversation with an 11 year old debating whether AT&T or Verizon was better (one of my favorite stories). 
 I kid you not, I told the little girl I had AT&T and she said “yuck!” I politely asked why she said that and she responded she only got service with AT&T in Palm Beach and not in Manhattan. I then asked her the next logical question you would ask any 11 year old (seriously…?!) with this problem. 
 “Where do you spend the most time? Manhattan? Palm Beach? You should probably figure that out first.” 
 The girl nodded at that thought then turned to her nanny and repeated the question to her. The nanny responded: 
 “You live in Manhattan. You come here on the weekends, holidays, and vacations.” 
 The pint-sized girl with long blonde hair seemed to find her answer in that response. 
 “Totally. I’ll just get a phone for Manhattan and a phone for Palm Beach. That way I don’t have to decide.” 
 Kids. They say the darndest things….Although for some reason, I had no doubt that is exactly what she did. 
 Continuing, this is where I have seen other pint-sized kids better dressed than myself on a good day (ok, maybe the best dressed day I’ll ever have and that’s because of the half-yearly sale at Nordstrom). Head-to-toe Lilly Pulitzer for girls and button downs, bow ties, and linen pants for the little guys. I mean really, I can’t compete with an immaculately dressed five year old or her 30 year old mother and 70 year old father (trust me….common family). And that’s fine. But it’s always a fun laugh to see them trailing one after one another, Easter egg after Easter egg, on their way to Testa’s for breakfast or Nick and Johnnie’s for dinner. 
 It’s where I have picked out Lacoste polo shirts for a very prominent, very colorblind political figure and Google mapped the nearest Bank of America ATM for a young player on the PGA with a troubled past. It’s where I have been privileged to meet Jerry Seinfeld, Matt Lauer, Rush Limbaugh, Nick Swisher, Matt Shaub, Wayne Gretzky, Audrina Patridge and Brian Baumgartner (Kevin from The Office). 
 This disgustingly rich island is also where I have been tipped with not one, but TWO bananas. These people (who, thank the Lord, willingly spend their money to inadvertently help our economy) can afford six-figure cars and memberships to hoity-toity clubs around the world but an a banana? Alright, it was organic…but get REAL. Do I look homeless? Scarily skinny? I don’t think so. 
 If you’re still reading, I want everyone to know that I really did love my year here. Not every person on Palm Beach is the stereotypical figure I described. They’re much worse. 
 Kidding. I met some of the nicest and friendliest people on this little tropical island that some are lucky enough to call their second home-and I met some of the best friends I will have just across the bridge in West Palm. They welcomed me here when I was the newbie, showed me around, and included and introduced me to things I had never heard of, such as: Mimosa Sunday, the Grease Beast, SunFest, Call-a-Cabs, Roxy’s Rooftop, Paddle boarding, World of Beer, Makeb’s, Rocco’s Tacos, and Peanut Island….just to name a few. 
 I somewhat improved my golf game (I should say: my driving range game), went on some crappy dates (and one or two good ones), found a liking for running outside (the treadmill was the only thing I knew before…), and figured out that alarm clocks unfortunately DO work at all hours of the night…they never failed for a 4:45 a.m. wake-up call for work. 
 During my year in West Palm, at different times, I have felt happily surprised, deeply disappointed, fortunate, lucky, and most of all—thankful. For the friends I made, the job I had, and most importantly—the family that will soon be only a few hours away by CAR (goodbye, plane anxiety!!) 
 See you all in Chicago… 
 Nat 
 
 6 Comments 
 Filed under  Economy ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Life ,  Sports ,  Uncategorized ,  Vacation ,  West Palm Beach ,  Writing 
 Tagged as  AT&T ,  Audrina ,  bentley ,  Call-a-cab ,  Ferrari ,  golf ,  Jerry Seinfeld ,  L'Oreal ,  Mabelline ,  Makebs ,  Manhattan ,  Maserati ,  Matt Lauer ,  Matt Schaub ,  Nick Swisher ,  Nordstrom ,  paddle boarding ,  palm beach ,  Peanut Island ,  Rocco's Tacos ,  Roxys ,  Rush Limbaugh ,  SunFest ,  Tervis Tumbler ,  The Office ,  vacation ,  Verizon ,  Walgreens ,  Wayne Gretzky ,  west palm beach ,  World of Beer 
 December 10, 2009 * 12:11 pm 
 Take Me Back to Florida! 
 This time last year, I was preparing for the big move to Florida….and currently, I am stressing about job searching, studying for my Spanish final, and how I am going to handle 19 credit hours next semester. However, I just found out I can graduate in June instead of August-that definetely brightened up this 13 degree weather day! 
 Speaking of weather, TAKE ME BACK TO FLORIDA! Not only do I miss the amazing weather (ok, June, July and August was downright BRUTAL), but I miss the whole experience I had from January 2009-August 2009 while I was down there. Anywhere from 70-100 hour work weeks (yes, 100 hours in a week. I reached that feat twice last summer) that included dressing up as the mascot, supervising an all-night Boy Scout overnight in the outfield, and re-programming cash registers weren't always a blast, but when I look back, I really did love it. After so long, it's almost like I got a euphoric high off working so much and not really knowing what I would be doing everyday. 
 It's this experience I had that helped me figure out that I don't want to do a normal 9-to-5 job after college. My mom is a retired 7th grade English teacher, and she always says that teachers have the best schedules-you work the same hours your children are in school, you have the same breaks, and you have the summer off. I 100% agree. My mom was a GREAT teacher-however, I would not be. When the day approaches that having a family presents itself, I'll worry about how my job plays into that. But now, with graduation 6 months away, I want nothing more than to move, hopefully start a promising job, and be on my own. 
 Yes, I said be on my own. So many people say to "Stay in college as long as you can! The real world isn't that great! Become a lifelong member of Kilroys!" 
 As cool as that sounds, I really DON'T want to stay in college for as long as I can. I realize that the "real world" includes bills, being cut off from my parents (more or less…hoping for a little help from M & D to get me started….Hi guys!), and essentially being broke for a while (funny side note-we went to visit my sister in Nashville right after she graduated and to save money, she turned her heat down to 60 degrees…We were so cold that my dad threw some money on her bed just to get her to turn her heat up!). 
 Keeping the fore mentioned in mind, I know it's not always going to be fun, I can't buy all the things I want or used to buy (I will be switching to ALL generic brands at the grocery…luxury of a struggling college student: parents lovingly (or reluctantly) pay for my groceries!) and the work holiday parties will be mildly dull compared to the weekends out in Bloomington. 
 I would love to be Peter Pan and "never grow up," but it's approaching…quickly. 
 As Asher Roth shouts "I love College!!!!" in his ridiculously popular song (circa last year), I agree-I love college…but not enough to stay forever. 
 So in June, I will take my last victory lap around Kirkwood and Walnut (don't worry, I'll be back to visit) and switch out my "going out clothes" for work clothes. 
 So from now until then, check back about my job hunt, finishing up college, and other witty pieces of enlightenment. 
 Happy Holidays! 
 np 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Baseball ,  Boston Red Sox ,  College ,  Economy ,  Ft. Myers Miracle ,  Graduation ,  Intern ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Joe Mauer ,  Justin Morneau ,  Life ,  Minnesota Twins ,  Minor League Baseball ,  mlb ,  MLB Network ,  Sports ,  Spring Training ,  Uncategorized ,  Writing 
 Tagged as  asher rother ,  Baseball ,  Christmas ,  Florida ,  Ft. Myers ,  Ft. Myers Miracle ,  google ,  Indiana ,  Indiana University ,  Intern ,  Kilroys ,  Kilroys Sports ,  Kirkwood ,  Life ,  milb ,  Minnesota Twins ,  MLB Network ,  peter pan ,  Spring Training ,  transgressions ,  Walnut ,  Writing 
 
 
 Natalie on Twitter 
 
 @ antanddec  @ hollywills  @ mollywhithamxx   2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  *lily  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  @ lxwissss  Agreed  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  Hamza  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  What  2 years ago 
 @ jamescharles  @ mollywhithamxx   2 years ago 
 RT @ jamescharles : me: I’m not gonna fall for fuckboys anymore also me 5 minutes later:  https://t.co/NJhu8Jq4nk   2 years ago 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 Games in 30 Days   1970s   2009 MLB Draft   All Star game   Atlanta   Baseball   BDA Sports   Ben Revere   bentley   BlackBerry   Boston Red Sox   Brewers   California   Carlos Gutierrez   Charlotte Stone Crabs   Chicago   Chicago White Sox   Chris Cates   Chris Parmelee   Danny Lehmann   David Bromberg   Draft Day   Eric Arnett   Erin Andrews   Florida   Florida State League   For Love of the Game   fort myers   Ft. Myers   Ft. Myers Miracle   George Toma   golf   google   Hoosiers   IMG   Indiana   Indiana Hoosiers   Indiana University   Indiana University Baseball   Intern   iPhone   Jobs   Joe Mauer   Johnny Pesky   Josh Phegley   Justin Morneau   Key West   Life   Matt Bashore   Miami   milb   Minnesota Twins   mlb   MLB Draft   MLB Network   palm beach   red sox   Rocco's Tacos   Roxys   Roxys Pub   Spencer Steedley   Sports   Spring Training   Steve Singleton   Tampa   Tampa Bay Rays   The Breakers   Tiger Woods   weather   west palm beach   World Baseball Classic   World of Beer   World Series   Writing   Yankees 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 LOL!! Hahaha. SMH! WTF? 
  Our Veterans and "The Best Generation." 
 "Never get complacent with your girl, man." 
 "Things change. People leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody." 
 A (funny) Year in Palm Beach 
  The Challenges of Golf 
 Beamer, Benz, or Bentley...or Broken Down Car: Why Minor League Players need YOUR Help! 
 West Palm Beach: 106 days later 
 West Palm Beach 
 Florida Bound....But for now, the Indianapolis International Airport 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 August 2011 
 January 2011 
 September 2010 
 March 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 September 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 About Natalie 
 Ft. Myers Miracle Pictures 
 Pictures 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 LOL!! Hahaha. SMH! WTF? 
 Our Veterans and "The Best Generation." 
 "Never get complacent with your girl, man." 
 "Things change. People leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody." 
 A (funny) Year in Palm Beach 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 acashman  on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 Mom on  "Things change. People l… 
 
 
 
 Tish on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 Tisw on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 Community Post…  on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Baseball 
 Boston Red Sox 
 College 
 Economy 
 Erin Andrews 
 Ft. Myers Miracle 
 Graduation 
 Intern 
 Job Market 
 Job Search 
 Joe Mauer 
 Justin Morneau 
 Life 
 Minnesota Twins 
 Minor League Baseball 
 mlb 
 MLB 2009 Draft 
 MLB Draft 
 MLB Network 
 Sports 
 Spring Training 
 Technology 
 Uncategorized 
 Vacation 
 West Palm Beach 
 Writing 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
   Natalie Platt's Twitter Updates 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Somewhere; a twentysomething…  * I've been here and there, right now I'm here. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
