  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Enfield, England 
 Rate:  £250 - £300 per day + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/q 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Planning Officer 
 A Local Authority based in North London is looking for a Principle Planning Officer to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full degree level qualification in Town Planning (RTPI), ideally be a member of the RTPI, have extensive experience at Principle level and ideally a strong background in local authority works. 
 The main purpose of the role is to assess all types of planning and associated applications but with a focus on major complex planning and associated applications including site visits, consultation, negotiation, written report to agreed timescales. 
 The main experience needed to undertake the role as an Assistant Building Surveyor are as follows; 
 Responsible for acting as lead officer in multi-disciplinary and cross functional development teams bringing forward major development schemes on behalf of the Council and external applicants ensuring seamless approach and delivery of projects to agreed deadlines 
Provide expertise in all issues related to land use planning which includes leading consultation with interested parties and incorporation of their views in the assessment process 
Seek and manage consultancy input with applications 
Negotiation of agreements under S.106 of the Town and Country Planning Act where appropriate to secure wider environmental and community benefit from development 
Responsible for dealing with major planning appeals in their area and acting as the Council's expert witness at Public Inquiries, Informal Hearings and Court Hearings, particularly where complex planning issues require a high level of experience and expertise. 
Attending and supporting/deputising the Planning Decisions Manager and/or Head of Development Management role at Pre-Agenda, Briefing and Members Site Visit meetings and Planning Committee meetings as required advising on any planning issues arising from major development projects within their team. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 A planning or land use related degree and/or planning diploma 
Member of the RTPI 
Minimum 5 years relevant and recent post qualification experience in a similar working environment 
Ability to attend meetings outside normal working hours e.g. 
 Planning Committee, Community Forum meetings 
Ability to deputise for the Planning Decisions Manager in advising the Planning Committee 
Driving License 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering a rate of £250 - £300 p/day Umbrella Ltd (Approx. 
 £800 - £920 p/week NET after deductions) for the duration of the assignment. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £250 - £300 per day + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/q 
 
 
 Location:  Enfield, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-10 17:03:00 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 Carpenter 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Recovery Worker 
 Non-Medical Prescriber 
 Substance Misuse Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
