  
 
 Clients 
 Freelancers 
 General 
 
 Sign in 
 
 Inglés 
 Freelancers 
  Offering your services 
 
 Articles in this section 
 
 How can I show my portfolio to a client without being penalized? 
 How many projects can I work on at the same time? 
 Why is my profile awaiting moderation? 
 My proposal was accepted. What's the next step? 
 What can be done if you have a project running and the client stops responding to your messages for a few days? 
 How can I report an inappropriate project? 
 This article doesn't have a translation for English 
 I can’t verify my phone number 
 How can I improve my profile level? 
 5 tips for a successful freelance career 
 
 See more 
 5 tips for a successful freelance career 
 
 January 13, 2020 20:28 
 Updated 
 
 Being a freelancer is not as easy as it looks on TV. Being your own boss and having the liberty to plan your work also requires discipline, planning and responsibility, which are key aspects to success. 
 5 things you need to have to become a successful freelancer: 
 
 Willingness. You should demonstrate commitment, be willing to prioritize your work, and work harder during the peak periods. 
 Motivation. Self-motivation will determine your productivity throughout your day. Learn to overcome setbacks. 
 Responsibility. Know when to start and stop. You may have to work extra hours every now and then, but it is also important that you have some free time too. 
 Independence. Be your own boss, have the initiative to learn and the flexibility to do different things, and most importantly, do not be afraid to turn down projects that are not for you. 
 Finances. Save for rainy days. Make sure that you have enough savings to supply for the times when projects do not arrive. It is wise to look for new clients even when you have a lot of work. 
 
 EXTRA TIP: Maintaining attentive communications with clients and paying careful attention to their wants and needs will help you retain their loyalty. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this article helpful? 
   
 2 out of 2 found this helpful 
 Return to top 
 Related articles 
 
 How much should I charge the client? 
 Why is my profile awaiting moderation? 
 How can I show my portfolio? 
 Skill Certification 
 What information should I include in a proposal? 
 
 Comments 
 0 comments 
 Article is closed for comments. 
   
 © 2012 - 2020 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
 English (US)    Español     Português  
       
