  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Dress for the Job You Want: First Impressions Are Still a Fact of Employment 
 Dress for the job. If you want the job you're applying for, dress appropriately when you go for the interview. Suit and tie? Not necessarily. Choose something just a tad nicer than you'd wear to work. 
 Dress for Job - Clothes Do Matter 
 Bob has a true story about why he was hired as a heavy equipment operator fresh out of tech school. He credits his red shirt! He went to inquire about a job, wearing a red chamois shirt, black leather vest, and clean jeans. A few days later the secretary called him to come to work. She remembered him because of what he was wearing. 
 Seems she wasn't overly impressed by the fact that besides his heavy equipment training, he had also completed a welding program and an over-the-road truck driving program. Or, that he had a solid work record while going to school. Or, decent references. What got her attention -- and him the job -- was how he was dressed. 
 Talk about Dressed for the Job - Any Guess What Kind of Music these Flying T Wranglers Play? 
 At a child development center, I interviewed applicants for preschool teachers and childcare givers. One applicant had a stellar resume with a college degree in early childhood education. When I asked questions about theory, she knew the correct book-learned answers. But when I looked at her inch long, highly decorated fingernails, I wondered how she would do playing catch or working at the sand table. I also wondered how in the world, wearing a dress so tight, she could possibly sit on the floor during story time or bend over to pick up a child. 
 Maybe she planned to dress for the job in a style that would allow her to do the job. I'll never know because she didn't make the final cut. I was choosing staff based on the package in front of me the day of the interview. That included what I saw on the resumes. What I heard the applicants say. And, how they presented themselves. What applicants wore needed to fit them, to allow for movement and not be obscene. They needed to show me that they understood what was appropriate for working with young children. 
 What you wear says a lot about you. So does how you put yourself together. Bathe. Use deodorant. Brush your teeth. Comb your hair. Skip excessive fragrances. Limit jewelry to what you could safely and appropriately wear while on duty. 
 Make a good first impression. Let your work personality come through. Dress for success, according to the industry you are applying for, whether it is tourism, construction, service, or a professional position. Working RVers, dress for the job you want to land. 
 See more employment articles for Workers On Wheels. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Galveston Island RV Resort Galveston, Texas  
 
 
 Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM 
 TX: Work Near the Beach - Pay TX: Galveston Island RV Resort, Galveston, Texas. TX Gulf Coast Beach across the street. Family owned and operated park 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM]: 2021-01-23T20:09:48-0500 
