Illinois Workers' Compensation Attorney - Helping Injured 
 Illinois Employees since 2004 
 At the Law Offices of Gerald Bauer Jr. you will work directly with myself, not a secretary or law clerk. Your case will be handled by an experienced Illinois Workers' Compensation Attorney with over 13 years of experience helping injured Illinois workers getting the help they need and deserve. I have offices in Orland Park, Aurora and Bolingbrook, Illinois and have worked with clients throughout the Chicago Metro area. I provide a free initial consultation and can help you understand your rights under the Illinois Workers' Compensation Act.I do not charge an attorney fee unless we win. I have had a 100% success record with my Illinois Worker's Compensation cases and currently have an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau. 
 Learn more 
 
 Bolingbrook Office 
 630-226-9111 
 Orland Park Office 
 708-687-8000 
 Aurora Office 
 630-966-2505 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 Home 
 Work Injuries 
 What to do if you are 
injured on the Job? 
 Testimonials 
 Attorney 
Gerald Bauer Jr. 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 What to do if you are injured on the Job? 
 A common question this Illinois Workers ' Compensation Attorney is asked is, "I got hurt at work, now what do I do?"My response is: 
 
 Get Medical help. If it is an emergency go the Hospital immediately, otherwise schedule an appointment with your doctor and get seen as soon as possible. If you see your family doctor ask for a referral to an experienced specialist depending on your specific injury. If you are unsure you can contact my office and I can provide you with a list of reputable and professional physicians specific to your individual injury. 
 Call my office as soon as possible so I can start to review your case and make recommendations. 
 Start to keep records of your doctor appointments. E.g. Who did you see? What did he/she say? What did he/her prescribe or recommend, etc.? 
 Inform your employer as soon as possible of your work injury. Call your boss/supervisor and let them know what happened if they do not know already. If you are unable to contact your boss/supervisor then call your human resources department; and write down who you told, what you said, what they said and how you described your work accident. 
 
 Free case Evaluation 
 
 Be careful when you are signing documents. Only sign documents that are necessary for you to obtain medical care. Do not sign any other documents relating to your injury. If you have any questions relating to any documents you can bring them to my office for review. 
 Do not discuss your accident with anyone except close family members and myself. Except for initially notifying your boss/supervisor/human resources of your work accident, do not discuss your accident with anyone else especially any insurance company. It will be necessary to discuss your accident with your treating physician and maybe others but I prefer you consult with myself first. 
 
 Contact The Law Offices of Gerald Bauer Jr.  immediately for an experienced Chicago Injury Attorney. I can guide you into getting the reasonable and necessary medical care you need and the financial award you deserve. 
 Caring about the Injured Worker's Situation 
 At the Law Offices of Gerald Bauer Jr. you are not simply a case number but a real person that matters to my office. My personal concern for each of my worker's compensation clients stems from a time where as an adolescent my father injured his back at work and could not return to his job as a truck driver. His work injury and subsequent loss of income put an undue amount of stress on my parents and almost caused them to lose my childhood home. 
 Luckily for my father he found an experienced Illinois Workers' Compensation lawyer that helped him get the medical care he needed and the financial award he deserved. It is from that personal experience as a young boy that I take and keep with me as I help each of my work injury clients. 
 Orland Park 
 Office 
 15426 S. 70th Ct., Ste. 203 
Orland Park, IL 60462 
 708-687-8000 
 BOLINGBROOK / 
 NAPERVILLE OFFICE 
 400 N. Schmidt Rd., Ste. 207 
Bolingbrook, IL 60440 
 630-226-9111 
 AURORA 
 OFFICE 
 31 W. Downer Pl., Ste. 405 
Aurora, IL 60506. 
 630-966-2505 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Illinois Workers' Compensation Lawyer 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Testimonials 
 
 
 © Law Offices of Gerald Bauer Jr., 2016. 
