
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Design Director. Someone and Others. Los Angeles, CA, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 DESIGN DIRECTOR 
 Our Designers are makers and storytellers that use design to bring ideas to life. They lead projects into uncharted creative territories without blinking. They’re design fundamentalists, but approach projects with rational and innovative mindsets. They extend visual language, always mindful of how it looks and how it works. 
 Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
 Oversee the creation and production of campaigns and designs solutions for our clients 
Strategically solve the problem by bringing creative concepts and ideas to the table that align with our client's needs 
Build, manage and develop a team of design direct reports. 
Manage and mentor a team of direct reports and effectively communicate constructive feedback to shape and refine team concepts 
Lead team through multiple projects and on-going timelines 
Execute design work to ensure final deliverables meet our standards and client expectations 
Prioritize multiple projects and deadlines 
Possess a desire to create synergy by taking an active role in our company 
Actively learn new design or technology related skills, then share them 
 The Ideal Person: 
 Is a designer at heart, with a passion for growing and galvanizing teams of creatives 
Has knowledge of visual, interactive and motion design trends, and is fluent in simple executions that make big statements 
Is both a hands-on Designer and a natural leader 
Is a fresh thinker who embraces challenges and new methods of thinking 
Is self-motivated with a positive attitude and strong communications skills 
6+ years’ design experience in web, motion graphics, advertising, packaging and typography 
Experience in a startup environment a plus 
Proficiency in Mac OSX, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Sketch, Figma, After Effects 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7666-someone-and-others-design-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 6, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Daniel Lowe 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
