  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Buckinghamshire, England 
 Rate:  £11 - £14.50 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Learning Disability Support Worker 
 We have a new and exciting opportunity for a Learning Disability Support Worker to work within a specialist supported living service for children, based in Wingrave! 
 *Do you know someone who would be interested in this role? We offer a £250 referral bonus per successful candidate that is referred 
 
 
 
 Temporary Pay Rate: 
, Week Days & Sleep ins: £11ph ltd 
, Nights & Weekends: £11.50ph ltd 
, Bank Holidays: £14.50ph ltd 
 Hours and length of contract: 
, Temporary part time hours (with the potential for full time) 
, Mix of shifts: (mainly Fri/Sat/Sun) 
o Days: 10:00 - 18:00 
o Earlies: 07:00 - 14:30 
o Lates: 14:30 - 22:00 
, The manager is looking for the position to be filled ASAP 
 Daily Duties: 
The client is a national charity which supports over 1,200 people with a learning disability and/or autism with the aim to celebrate and develop everyone's unique gifts, talents and contributions. 
 You will work within the supported living houses on a residential school complex that cares for and provides education to students with severe learning difficulties and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). 
 The service users are aged 10 -19 years of age and severe and profound learning, ASD and challenging behaviour. 
 In addition, some children may suffer with epilepsy and minor physical impairments. 
 As a support worker you will provide high quality and compassionate care to the service users and be responsible for their general well-being. 
 Daily duties include but are not limited to: 
, Providing physical, emotional, spiritual and social support to service users 
, Teaching life skills including: using public transport, shopping, cooking and cleaning 
, Supporting service users to take part in physical exercise - climbing, swimming, walking water sports 
, Supporting service users with work experience (e.g. 
 on a farm) 
, Supporting service users to be active members of the community and access shops and cafes 
, Assisting service users with personal care where necessary 
 Person specification: 
The successful candidate will need to have NVQ Level 3 or be working towards it. 
 Recent relevant experience within learning disabilities is essential and you must be DBS cleared. 
 If you are interested in this role then please contact Emma at SCS on 01772 208963 or send across your CV directly to emma.leck@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 weeks+ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £11 - £14.50 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Buckinghamshire, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-10 16:57:45 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
