Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Stephen A. Jarislowsky Chair in Pandemic Research and Prevention 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Health Sciences 
 McMaster University 
 The Stephen A. Jarislowsky Chair in Pandemic Research and Prevention was established in 2020 to support the research activities of an individual who has demonstrated sustained excellence in the area of pandemic research, prevention and preparedness. 
 The Faculty of Health Sciences at McMaster University is seeking a basic or clinical scientist with significant research and educational experience in the area of pandemic research, prevention and preparedness. Applicants must possess a PhD or MD/PhD in a health related discipline and a strong desire to work collaboratively with other faculty members. The holder of this endowed Chair will: 
 Hold a faculty appointment in an academic Department in the Faculty of Health Sciences at McMaster University at a rank commensurate with experience; 
Be an integral part of the institutional vision toward establishing and maintaining a world-class program in pandemic research, prevention and preparedness; 
Contribute significantly to the body of scholarship in the area of pandemic research, prevention and preparedness through teaching and research at McMaster University; 
Provide mentoring and leadership to future generations of researchers in the Faculty of Health Sciences; 
Undertake the normal duties of a faculty member in the Faculty of Health Sciences, including participation in the education programs of the Faculty and Department. 
 An annual allocation from the Chair’s endowment fund will be available to support expenses beyond the Chairholder’s salary and normal benefits. 
 The term of the Chair will be for a period of up to five (5) years, with the understanding that renewal for additional terms is possible if the Chairholder has made significant contributions to the field of pandemic research, prevention and preparedness. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this position, please submit your application online. Review of applications will begin on November 30, 2020 and will continue until the position is filled. The application package must include a curriculum vitae, a statement of research experience, a 5-year plan, and a brief statement describing the contributions you have made or plan to make to inclusive excellence in teaching, research, or service in academic, professional or community contexts (2-page maximum). 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University gathers information about applicants’ status as either a permanent resident of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Questions regarding the position can be addressed to:  Selection Committee for the Stephen A. Jarislowsky Chair, c/o deanfhs@mcmaster.ca. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
