Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 20 Nov  2013 
 Full-Time Communications / IR Specialist 
 Marimekko -  Uusimaa  , Finland 
 Job Description 
 Marimekko Corporation 
 Marimekko is a Finnish textile and clothing design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company designs and manufactures high-quality interior decoration items ranging from furnishing fabrics to tableware as well as clothing, bags and other accessories. When Marimekko was founded in 1951, its Unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. Marimekko products are sold in approximately 40 countries. In 2012, brand sales of Marimekko products worldwide amounted to approximately EUR 187 million and the company's net sales were EUR 88 million. 
 The number of Marimekko stores totaled 108 at the year end. The key markets are North America, Northern Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. The Group employs around 500 people. The company's share is quoted on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd. 
 Job description: 
 Marimekko's Corporate Communications team is responsible for the group-level external and internal communications. Its key role is to Provide information to and build relationships with the financial community and the media as well as support the company's management worldwide. 
 We are looking for a Communications / IR Specialist In your job, you will be Activelly Involved in shaping Marimekko's corporate image and communicating our investment story to the capital markets. You will produce, for example, interim reports, financial statement presentation and materials as well as Participate in key financial reporting processes. You Also included are responsible for Maintaining and Developing our corporate website. You will work closely with Both internal and external stakeholders and Provide support and back-up to the Head of Corporate Communications. 
 Since you are a member of small team, it is important That you are able to step in and possess expertise in corporate communications. To be successful in the role, You Should have a good understanding of capital markets, regulated Disclosure Obligations and financial reporting. 
 We expect: 
 You have At least 2 years' experience of working in the IR / communications department of a listed company and you are familiar with serving shareholders, analysts and the media. We expect you to have a university degree level, preferably within economics / finance and / or business communications. 
 You have good communication and teamwork skills and you are fluent in English and Finnish. Additional languages ​​are an advantage. 
 You are meticulous and organized, you are able to take responsibility and manage projects Independently. 
 You adapt quickly to changes and solve issues in a rational and analytical way. And more importantly, you have a positive mindset and eagerness to work in a truly international environment. 
 Also, you are used to working with tight schedules and have good ability to endure stress. 
 You will be located at the Marimekko headquarters in Helsinki, Finland, report to the Head of Corporate Communications and work in close collaboration with the CFO. The employment begins as soon as possible. 
 We offer: 
 Marimekko is undergoing a phase of extensive internationalization and change. We provide you interesting and challenging tasks and a great opportunity to Develop your skills in a dynamic and international work environment where your contributions will be genuinely valued. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Other Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 4654 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 18 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER 
Location
 Anywhere 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER 
Location
 Anywhere 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Marimekko Opens New Store in Finland 
 Joptek Company Receives a 15Million Euros Order from France 
 Finnish Company Receives 40Million Euro Contract 
 Finnish Food Documentary Grabs 2 Gold Awards 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
