Skip to content 
 Work at Home Online for Free 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 My #1 Work at Home Recommendation 
 About Me 
 My Blog 
 Make Money Online Videos 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
   
   
   
 Search for: 
   
   
   
   
 How to Quit Your Job to Make Money Online 
 
 I quit my job to make money online back in 2007. I had searched for several years for ways I could make money online so I could work from home, be my own boss, set my own hours, and actually enjoy my life (imagine that!) I started with an Ebay business, which turned out to be WAY too much work. Then, in 2015, I discovered affiliate marketing and that's what I've been doing ever since. In this article, I'll show you how I did it, and where I got free training to start. 
 How to Quit Your Job and Make Money Online 
 Before I quit my job to make money online, I did the best I could to make sure I'd be ok. I lived alone and was unmarried, so it was all on me. I didn't have a spouse's income to carry me. So for a period of about three years before I actually quit, I worked hard at paying off as many bills and debts as I could, and I put as much money in my savings account as I could. I dwindled my monthly budget down to the bare minimum to survive. I was willing, for the sake of being able to quit my job and work at home, to give up a lot of extras so I could afford to quit. I strongly suggest you plan this out. Get some money in savings, pay down your bills. Believe me, it'll be far less stressful for you when you're starting your own business if you don't have a ton of monthly bills you're responsible for. 
 But first things first… 
 Can I Make Money Online? 
 Before you quit your job to make money money online, you have to actually make sure that yes, you can make money online. You need to start your business and have things in place, with at least a fairly decent amount of money coming in before your quit your job. And you don't want to half-ass this. Take the time to get a good, solid foundation for your online business. Start it off the right way, learning the best way to make money online. Getting good training to do things the correct way from the start will save you a lot of time and speed up the process so you can quit your job as soon as possible. 
 Where I Got Training to Make Money Online 
 In 2015 I was thrilled to find a company called ** Wealthy Affiliate . ** They teach people, step-by-step, how to become an affiliate marketer and work full time from home online. They have a free starter program with 20 free video classes. Then they have an upgraded premium membership, to continue your training and get all the benefits they have to offer. Here's how it works: 
 Four Steps to Making Money Online 
 Wealthy Affiliate will teach you how to do affiliate marketing, which is basically creating websites that make money. They focus their training around these four steps: 
 
 Choosing a niche (topic for your website) 
 Building a website (super easy - they show you how) 
 Getting traffic to your website 
 Making MONEY 
 
 Like I said, the free starter program has a total of 20 free video classes that take you through these four steps. By the time you finish the free starter training, you'll have a very good knowledge about what affiliate marketing is and how to do it. You'll have your first website (free with your starter membership), you will have become an affiliate for one or several products or companies having to do with your niche, and you'll know how to create content that will promote those products so you'll earn commissions. 
 That's a super simplistic explanation of what you'll learn. Wealthy Affiliate will take you through every step of this with step-by-step instructions. You can read my full review of Wealthy Affiliate  HERE.  Or watch my video below to get a lot more details: 
 
 Wealthy Affiliate's Premium Membership 
 After you complete the free starter classes, you can then decide whether this business is right for you. Do you like what you're doing? Are you excited about continuing? Are you enjoying working at home, building a website that makes money? I personally loved it and knew right away this was what I wanted to do as my full time job. So I upgraded to the premium membership, which is $19 for your first month, then $49 per month thereafter. (Less if you purchase the annual membership). The premium membership contains another 100+ training classes, weekly live training webinars, top-notch website hosting, 24/7 tech support, and tons more. You can read my complete overview of the premium membership  HERE . Or watch my video below to get a full explanation of everything that's included with the premium membership. 
 This is How I Quit My Job to Make Money Online 
 This is how I did it. I signed up for the Wealthy Affiliate free starter program. I did the free classes. I created my first website,  PeopleLovingAnimals.com . I love that my job there is to create content that helps animals. I upgraded to the premium membership, continued with the training, then created the website you're on right now. I also love working on this website, because I get to help people do what I do - quit their stupid jobs that they hate and have their own online business! I also have two YouTube channels, hundreds of email subscribers, and hundreds of social media followers. 
 I love my job. And Wealthy Affiliate taught me everything I needed to know to do this. I'm very grateful to have found them back in 2015. I'll never work at 9-5 job again as a direct result of everything they taught me. 
 I Hope This Helped! 
 I've given you a good, realistic, do-able way to quit your job to make money online. Maybe affiliate marketing is something you'd love doing; or maybe not? You definitely have to find something that feels right to you. But this option certainly worked for me, and I'm very happy with what I'm doing for a living. If nothing else, it's worth a try. Sign up for the free training, do a few of the free classes, and see if this is something you'd like. Regardless of what you end up doing, I wish you the best of luck and I hope you find great happiness doing work you love! Debra 🙂 
 
 For More About Making Money Online,  CLICK HERE 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Privacy Policy    Proudly powered by WordPress  
