Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctoral Position in Micro and Nano-Biological Systems and Devices 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Electrical & Computer Engineering 
Competition No. - A104043047 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Nano-Biosystems group has a post-doctoral opening in development and fabrication of micro- and nano-biological architectures interfacing solid-state electronic components with stimuli-responsive biopolymers such as DNA or polypeptides. The responsibilities will include fabricating micro- and nanoscale components by a variety of methods including e-beam lithography and focused ion beams; bio-functionalizing the devices; and probing of their structure and performance. 
 The position requires: 
PhD in experimental physics, chemistry, engineering, or related field within 4 years prior the appointment date; 
Hands-on experience in clean-room micro- and nano-lithography techniques; 
Demonstrated record of research productivity. 
 Experience in surface plasmon resonance measurements, Raman spectroscopy, SERS, nanoplasmonics, or heterogeneous catalysis will be an asset. 
 To Apply: 
Please e-mail your CV and contact information for three references to: 
 Dr. Maria Stepanova 
 Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, 
 University of Alberta 
 Email ms1@ualberta.ca 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
ms1@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
