Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Assurance Technician 
 Broken Coast Cannabis Ltd. 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BROKEN COAST CANNABIS LTD. 
 WHO WE ARE 
 Broken Coast LTD. is looking to add a full-time Quality Assurance Technician to work in the Quality department of our busy cannabis production facility. Broken Coast is a federally licensed producer of cannabis under Cannabis regulations, located in Duncan, BC. 
 Successful applicants will have experience working in a regulated production environment, preferably in the area of food, pharmaceuticals, or the cannabis. The position requires a high level of organization and attention to detail, as well as critical thinking, interpersonal communication, and a strong aptitude with computers. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Collecting, reviewing, and filing facility documentation, for batch production and quality systems 
 Working with operations staff to correct documentation or address and document deficiencies 
 Prepare batches for final release and perform release procedures on batches once released 
 Working to review and validate documents in an electronic document management system 
 Perform in process checks, floor inspections and self-audits as required 
 Perform Non-conformance and Corrective Action review 
 Inspect and release incoming materials 
 Prepare and track regulatory correspondence with local police, fire, and government authorities 
 Coordination of complaints and returned shipments with other departments 
 Contribute to the overall goals of the Quality department by contributing in project discussions, group troubleshooting, and assisting around the facility as needed 
 
 REQUIREMENTS & EXPERIENCE 
 
 Previous experience working in a regulated production environment 
 One-year experience in a food/pharma or cannabis company 
 Experience working in quality departments is an asset 
 Familiarity with quality management systems an asset 
 Strong organizational skills 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Critical thinking and assessment skills 
 Good interpersonal communication skills (written and verbal, English language) 
 Willingness to work as an engaged member of a diverse team 
 
 WHY BROKEN COAST CANNABIS? 
 
 Be a part of the newest and fastest growing industry in Canada and the World 
 Gain experience and be compensated with competitive wages, career development opportunities and employer paid benefits 
 
 **  Inclusivity and Accommodation: **  The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to the job. They are not constructed to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel in the job. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer. Aphria is committed to providing an accessible and barrier-free environment. Please advise Human Resources if you require accommodation during any part of the recruitment process. 
 COVID-19 Considerations: 
 Keeping our employees safe is our number one priority. To do so we are currently holding phone and video interviews. We have also introduced the following measures at our facilities: 
 
 Restricted visitor access 
 Installation of physical barriers & additional hand washing stations. 
 Staggered shifts and break times 
 Mandatory mask policy & supplied PPE 
 Enhanced sanitation measures 
 Social distancing policies & monitoring 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Quality Assurance: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
