  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Desktop apps jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Remote C+3d Developer 
 Published on the January 13, 2021 in IT & Programming 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 it-programming / desktop-apps 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Join the world’s largest virtual company! 
Work from anywhere – Flexible hours – Training & travel opportunities 
 Scopic is seeking a skilled Remote C++/3D Developer to join our team of 250+ professionals in over 40 countries. The successful applicant will work with a team of talented developers, designers, and project managers to develop industry-leading applications with the latest technologies. This is a full-time, home-based position. 
 Develop Meaningful Applications for Clients Invested in Your Success 
All Scopic projects involve working with challenging, innovative applications. When you work with us, you will not just be maintaining old code or wasting time on applications that will never see the light of day. The applications Scopic develops are the cornerstone of our clients’ businesses. 
Clients and users will rely on you to write quality code and keep mission-critical applications running optimally. 
 Grow Your Skills and Your Career, Fast 
We offer training opportunities to keep your skills sharp and encourage you to stay up-to-date with ever-evolving technologies. As your skills grow, you will have opportunities to move up in the company. 
If you work hard and deliver quality results, you will do very well here. Pay raises and promotions are completely merit-based, so your success is in your hands. 
 Become a Valuable Part of a Small, Dynamic International Team 
Unlike huge tech corporations like Google and Microsoft, Scopic employees don’t get lost in bureaucracy or sidelined doing the same boring tasks day after day. 
Most projects last six months to one year, so our developers have the opportunity to try their skills on a diverse range of applications. Scopic programmers work independently and are entrusted with considerable responsibility. 
 Why Work With Scopic? 
•    Flexible working hours, set your own schedule 
•    Freedom to travel and work from anywhere in the world 
•    Ability to work wherever you are most comfortable (home, office, park, café, etc.) 
 •    Reliable, consistent workload 
•    Salaried and hourly positions available 
•    Annual pay increases for good performance 
•    Paid training and other professional growth opportunities 
•    International travel opportunities (not required) 
•    Interesting, challenging projects using the latest technologies 
Requirements: 
•    3+ years of experience in commercial software development 
•    Strong C++ programming skills 
•    Proficiency using Qt and VTK 
•    Experience with network programming (e.g. Sockets, TCP connection) 
•    Experience with 2D/3D graphics programming 
•    Experience with 3D engines,  e.g.Unreal , AWS Lumberyard 
•    Good algorithm and mathematics skills 
•    Architecture skills, commitment to code design best practices 
•    Good English reading and writing skills 
•    Bachelor's degree or higher 
•    Stable internet connection and home computer 
Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience. Hourly and salary positions available. Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer. 
 Please apply online:   https://scopicsoftware.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0u3by?source=Workana 
 About Scopic 
Scopic is the world’s largest virtual company. Founded in 2006, we have grown consistently by delivering innovative, cutting-edge software products for our clients and creating an empowering environment for our employees. 
 We build advanced software for clients and users around the globe. 
With 10+ years in the industry and 1000+ projects under our belt, we’ve developed software for Manufacturing, Media and Entertainment, Fintech, Healthcare, Food and Fitness, and Gaming. Check out our development work on our portfolio:  scopicsoftware.com/portfolio/. 
 Scopic is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Learn more about career opportunities at Scopic:  scopicsoftware.com/careers. 
 Category  IT & Programming 
Subcategory  Desktop apps 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
I currently have  Not applicable 
Required availability  Full time 
Required platforms  Windows, Mac OS, Linux / Unix 
 Project duration: 3 - 4 months 
 Skills needed 
 C   Java   Python 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  S. R. T.  
 4 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: December 2020 
 Project activity 
 2 
 Bids 
 2 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
 Other projects posted by S. R. T. 
 
 Remote Marketing Lead  Evaluating bids 
 
 2 proposals  Hourly 
 View project 
 
 Remote C+3d Developer  Evaluating bids 
 
 2 proposals  Hourly 
 View project 
 
 Development of a Website in Ruby on Rails  Evaluating bids 
 
 17 proposals  Fixed price 
 View project 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
