
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Usability Testing Jobs: Get Paid To Think Out Loud 
 April 29, 2015 by  Ashlee Anderson   14 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 11 
  __Share 
  __Share 
 11 Shares 
 Usability Testing Jobs: Get Paid To Think Out Loud 
 Chances are, you spend a lot of time online. You probably read the news, check your email, do some shopping and give status updates to friends and family. And this familiarity with browsing the Internet and navigating websites can actually translate into some extra cash each month. Seriously. As far as work at home opportunities go, this is one of my favorites 
 Usability Testing for User Testing 
 
 Sign Up Process:  Easy 
 Pay Rate : $10.00 for website tests, $15.00 for mobile tests, $3.00 for "peek" tests 
 Availability of Work: Varies 
 Income Type: Supplemental;  >$500/monthly 
 
 
 All sorts of companies want to know what we, as Internet users, do while navigating their sites. They want to know what makes us click on certain links, abandon our shopping carts and our general likes and dislikes about their sites. Why? Because it gives them the opportunity to improve the points that are confusing and promote the things that are working well. 
 Since companies want to know so badly what we're all thinking while we're browsing their sites, they're willing to pay for those thoughts. 
 And so usability testing companies were born. These companies recruit people like you and me to "think out loud" while we're browsing websites. This information is then relayed to companies, giving them valuable insight into our personal thoughts and experiences while visiting their online spaces. 
 How does it work? 
 As a tester, you literally have to think out loud while visiting a website. When given a task, you're expected to complete it while talking about your thoughts/feelings/experiences, good or bad, as they happen. You need to be honest and point out things you like as well as things that are frustrating and confusing. But perhaps, I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself. Let's start at the beginning. 
 How to get paid to test websites 
 There are a number of different companies offering usability testing jobs  Each of them operate a bit differently, but the premise is typically the same: record people's thoughts as they complete tasks online. 
 My personal favorite usability testing site is  User Testing . They've been around for a while, are highly reputable and have never,  ever  been late with payments. Plus, they're so upstanding that, if you happen to accept a test that you cannot complete due to their error, they'll still pay you $5.00 for it. How awesome is that? 
 Technical requirements for User Testing 
 Before you jump into the User Testing waters, make sure you meet the criteria to become a tester: 
 
 Be 18 years of age or older 
 Have a PC or Mac (Mac OS X 10.7 or higher) 
 Broadband internet connection 
 Microphone 
 Able to download and use the User Testing screen recorder (more on that later) 
 Comfortable filling out a demographics info sheet 
 
 Signing up as a usability tester 
 User Testing has a relatively easy sign-up process. If you meet the requirements above and you're interested in becoming a tester, head on over to their  sign-up page . There, you'll enter your email address to start the process. 
 Once you've entered your email address and agree to their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you'll be sent an email that asks you to confirm your email address and complete  a sample test. 
 Don't panic! The sample test is just to ensure  that you have a clear speaking voice, are comfortable speaking out loud while browsing a site, and can actually provide valuable feedback and not just describe what you see on your screen. 
 Install the User Testing screen recorder 
 When you're ready, confirm your email address by following the link in the email you were sent and proceed to the second step in the sign up process: Installing the screen recorder. 
 The User Testing screen recorder is the application that actually records your voice as you speak out loud while testing sites. It also captures your screen and mouse movements as you're performing tasks. So if you have something personal open, be sure to close it before you begin recording! Anything that you see on your screen will be recorded by the User Testing screen recorder. 
 Note:  The User Testing screen recorder DOES NOT record your face. There are some usability testing jobs that do require your entire face to be recorded while testing, User Testing is not one of them. They're only concerned with what's on your screen and what you have to say. 
 Here, you'll be required to download and install the User Testing screen recorder. If you're using an external microphone, i.e., one not built into your computer, now is the time to plug it in! Go ahead and click the "Download Screen Recorder" button to begin the installation process. 
 Be sure to follow all the instructions carefully on the User Testing Recorder Plugin Setup Wizard, doing so will put you one step closer to earning money each month! 
 Record Your Sample Video 
 Now that you've successfully installed the screen recorder, you're ready to do your sample test. Go ahead and move onto the next screen. 
 Before you begin, I'd recommend viewing the Applicant's Sample Video. Your sample test will be viewed and, if approved, you'll be able to start accepting paid tests! So, give yourself a better understanding of the process and view the sample video. Apply the techniques in the video to your sample and you should be fine. Take a deep breath, and when you're ready, click on the Launch the Recorder button. 
 The sample test 
 At this point, the screen recorder is testing to make sure that it can actually capture your voice. So you'll need to say the following in a loud, clear voice, "I'm ready to think out loud." (Technically, you can say whatever you'd like, you just need to say something loudly enough so that it registers on the volume meter.) 
 If your microphone is working, you'll see green bars illuminate when you speak. If not, you won't see anything happen. Typically, if you don't see any green bars, you need to select a different microphone from the drop-down menu. This is especially true if you're using an external microphone-sometimes it's not automatically selected as the default device. 
 Once your voice does register, you'll be able to select "Yes," where it says, "Do you see the volume meter moving when you talk?" 
 Note:  If you're not speaking loudly enough or your microphone isn't registering, you won't be able to move onto the next step. It's only when the screen recorder registers your voice will selecting "Yes" become an option. 
 Completing Tasks 
 After you've tested your microphone, you're read to begin performing the tasks that are part of your sample test. You'll be presented a screen that gives you the "Scenario - mindset for the test." 
 Keeping the scenario in mind while testing is key. The scenario gives you the mindset you'll need to keep while performing each of the tasks in your test. For example, if your scenario is something like, "Imagine you're shopping for a birthday gift for a coworker," but you're talking about the frustration of finding a picture to hang in your living room, you're not actually taking on the mindset of the scenario and will likely find your video is not received well. 
 After you understand the scenario and feel comfortable testing, you can accept the test. You'll see a rectangle box pop up in the right-hand corner of your screen. This will remind you of the scenario you'll be testing, present your tasks to you and help you navigate through the test. 
 This is important. Do not skim over anything that this rectangle says! Once you've read the scenario and any instructions presented in the rectangle, you'll click on the right arrow and see the "countdown" letting you know that recording is about to start. 
 Relax. Be yourself. And have fun! 
 During your sample test, make sure you speak clearly, avoid long pauses and follow the step by step directions. The rectangle in the top right-hand corner of your screen will guide you through the process. It will provide instructions on what tasks need to be performed during each step. Once you've completed one, you can move onto the next and so on and so forth until you're done! Don't rush, but don't take an excessive amount of time either. 
 Note:  The sample test is only about five minutes whereas typical tests will take you between 15 and 20 minutes to complete. You don't get paid for your sample test, but you should hear back fairly quickly whether or not you were accepted and able to take paid tests. 
 When you've completed all of your sample tasks, your video will automatically begin to upload. You'll see a new window pop up that monitors the progress of your upload -- do not close that window until it tells you to do so! When it says upload is complete, you may close the window. Now you wait for your test to be reviewed. 
 After the sample 
 So, you've just uploaded your sample video. Now what? You patiently wait to hear whether or not you've been accepted to take paid tests! I cannot guarantee that everyone will be accepted, but most people report having been accepted within a short amount of time. Again, your acceptance as a paid tester depends on the quality of your sample video and your type-written answers. 
 Making the most out of User Testing 
 If you're looking to supplement your income each month, usability testing jobs may be perfect for you. Although the number of jobs available at any given time fluctuates, I've been able to average about $150.00 per month for the last two years. Keep in mind, that equals just about three tests per week. If there are more tests available and you have availability to complete them successfully, you could certainly make more. 
 Have a question? Leave it in the comments below. I'm always here to help! 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 11 
  __Share 
  __Share 
 11 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths  Tagged With:  supplemental income ,  usability testing ,  User Testing ,  work from home 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Jamie @ Medium Sized Family  says 
 
 January 3, 2016 at 1:51 pm 
 This is great info! Thanks so much for sharing this. I'm pinning it so I can get signed up when I have a chance. 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 January 3, 2016 at 2:14 pm 
 Hi Jamie, 
 Thanks for stopping by! I hope you like usability testing as much as I do 🙂 
 
 Writer says 
 
 January 9, 2016 at 10:55 pm 
 Very interested! 
 
 WorkFromHomeHappiness  says 
 
 January 10, 2016 at 12:42 am 
 I really enjoy usability testing. It won't get you rich, but it is a fun and easy way to earn a little extra each month! I consistently make a couple hundred dollars monthly just from testing with User Testing. I hope you sign up and enjoy it as much as I do! 
 Ashlee 
 
 Celest McGonagill says 
 
 August 15, 2016 at 10:44 am 
 HI! Thank you so much for all the information! I've never heard of making money they way you are describing. My question is in regards to the paying of taxes etc. Do these companies take taxes etc. out of your pay like a "real" job does or is this more like a 1099 position? Thanks again, Celest 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 August 17, 2016 at 8:53 am 
 Hi Celest, 
 Thank you for stopping by! Great question. Usability testing jobs are done on a contract basis. This means you'll be responsible for reporting your earnings and paying taxes on them -- i.e., the company will not withhold taxes for you. Most online extra income gigs are like this. Unless, you get a work from home job as an employee, you'll be in charge of your taxes 🙂 
 Hope this helps! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Rachel says 
 
 August 31, 2016 at 1:17 pm 
 I have been making side money with UserTesting since Nov 2015 and I LOVE it! I believe that users with higher ratings see more tests, so you'll need to hang in there and keep trying to qualify for tests, at first. The sooner you click on a test after it appears on your dashboard the more likely it be available. I only average about 2 tests per week, as I am selective about which tests I take so that I can maintain my near 5 point rating. I don't enjoy taking mobile tests, so I skip them. I'm sure I could earn more if I chose to do the mobile tests. This summer I was able to qualify for an in-depth study with UserTesting and earned over $200 in 1 week by browsing a search engine on a specific topic and answering ~10 questions daily, then participating in a live chat for 30 minutes. I am able to do this side hustle work, even with my young kids (ages 4-9), since the tests are typically only about 20 minutes. I often reserve their screen time to coordinate with my work on these tests. I shut my door, so I have a quiet space where I can concentrate, but if they have an urgent need, I can pause the User Testing screen recorder, handle the issue, and jump right back to my work! 
 
 Agueda Hertzog  says 
 
 December 9, 2016 at 5:35 am 
 Link exchange is nothing else but it is just placing the other person's 
website link on your page at appropriate place and other person will 
also do same for you. 
 
 Hajar says 
 
 February 23, 2017 at 3:17 pm 
 I'm so interested about this oppurtunity but I would like to know if I can participate even if I'm living in Morocco and I have a small laptop so i don't know if technically it will work ? 
And thank youu 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Legitimate Ideas for College Student Jobs Online - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 July 13, 2015 at 5:48 pm 
 […] no secret that my favorite usability site is User Testing. They've never been late with payments and will even pay you if there happens to be a […] 
 
 What Work From Home Jobs Are Right For you? - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 10, 2015 at 7:06 pm 
 […] Usability testing […] 
 
 Work From Home Seasonal Jobs 2015 - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 September 23, 2015 at 1:09 am 
 […] Usability Testing […] 
 
 13 Ways to Earn Money Testing Websites and Apps - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 December 9, 2015 at 7:31 pm 
 […] no secret that User Testing is my personal favorite provider of usability testing jobs! I've been testing with them for a […] 
 
 How to Piece Together a Living Online Without Getting a Job  says: 
 
 January 3, 2016 at 3:45 pm 
 […] when you sign up for multiple usability testing companies. To this day, I’m an active tester for User Testing and can take home about $200 a month just for being a panelist for […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
