
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 20 Online Side Jobs to Make Extra Money from Home 
 Work From Home Jobs ,  Earn Extra Cash ,  Side Hustle Ideas  April 30, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 1kshares 
 Are you looking for side jobs online to  make extra money from home ? Do you have some spare time from your daily work schedule? 
 If you answered yes to any of the questions above, you are in the right place. Below you'll find legitimate online side jobs to make extra money from the comfort of your home. 
 What side jobs can I do from home? 
 With the convenience brought by the internet, you can earn some extra cash without compromising your regular work schedule. 
 In this article, you will find a compilation of 20 online side jobs you can do to earn extra money. The flexibility that comes with these side hustles will let you keep your regular work schedule while making some more cash on the side. 
 Let's get right into the 20 flexible online side jobs from home. 
 Legitimate online side jobs to make extra money from home 
 Also read:  19 Legit Ways to Make Money Online with PayPal 
 1. Freelance writing 
 Businesses, blogs, and website owners are always looking for content writers for their sites. With a good command in English and proper writing skills, you can write for such businesses from the comfort of your house. 
 The good thing is you get to set your work schedule. You can write for a few hours after your 8-5 job, or even during the weekends. 
 With a computer and stable internet connection, you are good to get started. However, with some training, your freelance writing side hustle will kick-off on a whole new level. 
 According to PayScale, an average beginner earns approximately $15 per hour. Freelance writers with 1-4 years’ experience earn approximately $23 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  Holly Johnson, a veteran in online writing, earns OVER $200,000 a year as a freelance writer. She has created a  FREE introductory training  on how to build a six-figure writing career that will sharpen your language skills and teach you the art of winning high-paying clients. 
 2. Start a blog 
 Blogging is another flexible side hustle that can supplement your finances and even bring you a full-time income. You will love that you get to decide how often you want to publish new blog posts and what to blog about. 
 What I love most about blogging is the passive income bit. Some of my blog posts keep making me money years after I first published them. The blogs make money through affiliate marketing, ads, and sponsored posts from companies. 
 Before you get into blogging, you need to understand that it will be difficult at the start. But with consistency and quality, you will get to enjoy the passive earnings from it. 
 How can you get started?   If you’re new to blogging and would love to get started on the right foot,  this in depth step-by-step blogging blueprint  might be perfect for you. 
 3. Transcription 
 Transcription entails listening to audio files and typing out what you hear on a word processing software. To excel in transcription, you will need an amazing set of headphones, a computer, and a stable internet connection. 
 What I love most about transcription is that there are lots of sites that are always hiring transcriptionists. Some of the companies you can look at to get started include Scribie, SpeechPad, Rev, TranscribeMe, TigerFish, and GoTransript. Most of these sites pay $18-$30 per hour-long video. See this >>  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home. 
 For an average beginner, transcribing an hour-long video takes approximately 3 hours. Your speed will increase with experience. 
 How can you get started?   Check out this  FREE mini course by Janet Shaughnessy . Kick-start your transcription career on a high note. 
 4. Become an affiliate marketer 
 Affiliate marketing involves marketing other peoples’ products and services and earning a commission whenever a sell occurs. I've been doing this for several years now and earned thousands of dollars in the process. 
 Affiliate marketing is easy even for a beginner to get started. All you need to do is find out if the products and services you use have affiliate programs, partner with them, and recommend the products to other people. 
 If you’re still wondering how to get started with affiliate marketing, check out the  Savage Affiliates course by Franklin Hatchett , a top affiliate marketer who consistently earns over 7-figures in affiliate revenue. 
 5. Proofreading 
 If you are keen on correct grammar, spelling, and punctuation, proofreading will work excellently for you. Proofreading entails reading your clients’ written work and correcting any grammar errors. 
 An average proofreader can complete a 1000-words article in an hour. 
 You can make anything between $1000 and $4000 per month. Some popular places to source for proofreading jobs are Proofreading Pal and Kibin. See this >>  17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home . 
 How can you get started?   You might need some training to get you started on the right note. I highly recommend Caitylin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . This workshop is free and will equip you with the needed skills to get you started. 
 Caitlin Pyle is a successful proofreader who’s been earning over $43, 000 per year since 2007. She has helped over 4800 students start their proofreading side jobs. 
 
 6. Virtual assistant 
 Virtual assistants are in high demand because businesses are seeking to cut down on costs. 
 A virtual assistant is much like a personal assistant, but working remotely. 
 If you have superb organizational skills you will love the experience working as a virtual assistant. 
 If you decide to go the virtual assistant route, expect duties such as managing and scheduling appointments, making reservations, sending and replying to emails, managing social media accounts, and receiving and making calls. 
 An average virtual assistant makes approximately $18 per hour. Your pay will vary significantly depending on the tasks at hand, and the company you work for. 
 How can you get started?   Gina Horkey has created an amazing training course where she’ll teach you everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant with the potential to earn over $100 per hour.  Click here to check out her virtual assistant training course. 
 Gina Horkey is a well-renowned virtual assistant who has been earning over $100/hr. Check out  this interview  I had with her. 
 Related:  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 7. Flip items from flea markets and thrift shops 
 Flipping involves buying items at a lower price and reselling them at a higher price. To succeed in this side job, you need to know where to get items at a good deal, and where you will resell them at a higher price. You also need to be an aggressive marketer to make profits in flipping. 
 You can flip items from flea markets and thrift shops, and resell them on online platforms such as eBay and Etsy. 
 Rob and Melissa have been flipping items from flea markets and thrift shops for over a decade. Rob made over $130,000 just flipping. If you are wondering where to get started, join their  free online flipping course , and you will be forever grateful. 
 How can you get started? Sign up for Rob’s FREE workshop  to learn how to start a profitable reselling business in as little as 14 days. Be sure to also get yourself Rob’s  FREE eBook called Beginner’s Guide to selling on eBay . 
 8. Take cash surveys 
 Taking paid surveys will not make you rich, but it is an easy way to stay productive during your free time. 
 Most surveys will take you 15-20 minutes to complete. This is something you can do before going to bed, or during your tea breaks. 
 Most paid surveys are available in specific countries. The most popular cash survey sites include  Survey Junkie ,  Swagbucks ,  InboxDollars , and  MyPoints . Sign up on these survey sites to get started. 
 Other than giving your opinions, most survey sites have different other ways you can make money. These include testing products, searching the web, playing games, watching videos, referring friends, and reading emails. Performing these simple activities can earn you $1-$5 depending on the site. 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 Related: 
 
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys – Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 9 Best Paid Surveys UK: Top Online Surveys For UK Residents 
 10 Best Paid Surveys In Canada That Actually Pay 
 
 9. Teach English Online 
 If you are a native English speaker, teaching English online can be a lucrative side job for you. There are lots of sites that hire English speakers to teach English to non-native speakers, mostly Chinese. 
 Most of these sites may require you to have some experience teaching English. You may also need to have certifications such as TOEFL to be accepted on some of the sites. If you are a teacher of English, I highly recommend teaching English online for you. 
 Vipkid is the most loved site that connects English teachers to Chinese students. Other sites of the same kind include Magic Ears and Education First. See this >>  10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Most of these platforms pay $18-$30 depending on different factors such as your experience and ratings. 
 10. Social Media Manager 
 If you spend a lot of time on social media, you can convert that time into a side hustle. Companies, businesses, and even individuals hire people to manage social media accounts on their behalf. 
 Some of your duties would be to moderate group activities, reply to comments and inquiries, make posts, and engage the audience. You get to set your work schedule, and work for a few hours, say an hour or two per day. 
 Depending on the company or businesses you work for, you can make an average of $12-$30 per hour. 
 11. Delivery driver 
 If you have a car, you can earn money to deliver items such as groceries and take away food to peoples’ doors. The best thing is that you have the privilege to set your work schedule. You can work on weekends or after your regular work in the evenings. 
 You will also love that some companies accept people to make deliveries on bikes, motorcycles and even on foot. Besides, you will always keep tips given by the customers you made deliveries to. 
 If working as a delivery driver sounds fantastic to you, be sure to check Uber Eats,  DoorDash , Post Mates, InstaCart, Grubhub, and Shipt Shoppers. Most of these companies and delivery apps pay $18-$25 per hour. See this >>  15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring Now 
 12. Dog Walking or pet sitting 
 If you love dogs, consider doing dog walking and pet sitting as your side job. People hire dog walkers to walk and groom their dogs, especially when they are not around. 
 The best thing about pet sitting is that you get to set your work schedule. You also choose whether you want the dogs to board at your place or not. 
 Dog walking is a fun way to earn some extra cash, especially if you love dogs. You can connect with people looking for dog walkers on Rover. You can also pitch your services to your neighbors and see where it leads to. 
 13. Graphic Designer 
 Graphic design is the art of transforming ideas into a visual representation. If your creativity level is high or you have a background in design and visual arts, you would love working as a graphic designer. 
 Graphic designers are tasked with designing logos, websites, t-shirts, invitation, and business cards. 
 You can start your part-time graphic designing career on platforms such as 99 Designs, Design Crowd, Upwork, Fiverr, and FlexJobs. 
 You will love how profitable graphic design is. Most graphic design gigs pay $70-$400. 
 How can you get started?   Check out these popular  graphic design courses on Udemy  to get you started. 
 14. Customer service representative 
 If you have excellent interpersonal skills, or you consider yourself a peoples’ person, working as a customer service representative may suit you best. You also need to be an active listener to succeed in customer service. 
 Your work would involve receiving and handling complaints, taking and managing orders, and giving information on products and services. 
 An average freelance customer service representative makes $15-$20 per hour. For starters, you can source for gigs from freelance market places such as Upwork, Fiverr, Workana, and Freelancer. Create an attractive profile and start bidding for work. 
 15. Data Entry 
 I love data entry jobs because you require minimal experience to get started. If you can manipulate Microsoft excel with ease, you are good to get started. 
 One thing about Data entry jobs is that they are always in high demand. A lot of people know how easy they can sometimes be. You should not expect a consistent flow of work when you are just getting started. 
 You can source for data entry gigs from platforms such as The Swart Crowd, Dion Data, and Working solutions. 
 16. Website/ App testing 
 Website and app owners are always out seeking to give the best to their audience. This is why they have people give reviews to help improve the efficiency of their websites or apps. 
 Your reviews will help improve the quality of content, navigability, ease-of-use, relevancy, and visual appearance. 
 A single website testing job can take you 15-20 minutes, and one task will earn you $7-$20. This is one of those online side jobs that you can do during your short breaks at work. 
 17. Answer questions on JustAnswer 
 JustAnswer  is a website that pays professionals to answer questions. If you are knowledgeable in fields such as law, medicine, engineering, technology, and any other field, you will love the experience here. 
 The best thing about JustAnswer is that you get to answer questions in your area of expertise. You do not have to go out and start researching from scratch. You will be making extra money from something you already know. You will also love the flexibility. 
 You will need to sign up and provide the necessary certifications to get approved. 
 18. Do micro-jobs on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk  allows you to perform short and simple tasks for money. The earnings here will not make you wealthy, but by performing several tasks, you can earn a considerable amount on the side. 
 Some of the tasks include taking surveys, content moderation, and data validation. The best thing is that they accept members from all over the globe. You can earn money performing simple tasks from wherever. 
 19.   Start a YouTube channel 
 Starting a Youtube channel is a lucrative way to earn passively. You will, however, need to put in work to start earning from Youtube. You will need to have at least 1,000 subscribers to start earning. 
 The quality and genre of your content have to keep people interested. You will earn when you have an audience that keeps watching your videos and coming back for more. Ads shown alongside your Youtube videos will make you extra money on the side. 
 You get to choose when to make, edit, and upload your videos. It is your channel, after all. However, be sure to give your viewers and subscribers consistency and quality. 
 20. Get paid to listen to music 
 If you are a music lover, you sure can earn some money listening to music. A lot of upcoming musicians would love to get your opinions to help build their prowess in the music industry. 
 Most of the get-paid-to-listen to music sites will require you to write reviews of the music before it is released to the public. You may also like online radios that pay you to listen to music that is played alongside ads. 
 Some of the sites that will pay you to listen to music include SlicethePie, MusicXray, HitPredictor, Research FM, RadioLoyalty, and WeLocalize. Genius is a site that will pay you to write lyrics. See this >>  Get Paid To Listen To Music Online (11 Ways To Make Money Listening To Music) 
 Listening and reviewing music can take you an average of 1 minute. You can do this from the comfort of your couch. 
 Do you do any of these online side jobs to make extra money? 
 Finding a suitable side hustle for you is an excellent way to supplement your salary. If you have a lot of extra time or would love to earn additional money, these online side jobs are a great way to go. 
 I am convinced that there are two or three jobs from the above list that can help you pocket some additional money. Select one or two side jobs that suit you best, get the needed training, and get started. With the right option, dedication, and consistency, you will quickly forget about having to depend on your salary entirely. 
 So, which of these  side hustles  resonated with you best? Do you know of any other online side jobs to make extra money from home? Let us know in the comment section below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 1kshares 
   
 Tags: make extra money ,  side jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys - Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 Did you know you can earn some extra … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
   
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Looking for genuine online data entry jobs without … 
   
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 Want to make extra money from home? If … 
   
 Pinecone Research is Accepting New Members - Get Paid for Sharing Your Opinion 
 Pinecone Research is a household name in the … 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
