Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 STREET PATROL WORKER 
 NATIVE FRIENDSHIP CENTRE OF MONTREAL 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION: STREET PATROL WORKER (FULL-TIME) 
PROJECT: “KA’WÁHSE STREET PATROL” 
 LENGTH: Until March 31, 2021 (with possibility of extension) 
 The Native Friendship of Montreal (NFC or ‘Centre’) is a non-profit, non-sectarian, autonomous community development agency, whose principal mission is to promote, develop and enhance the quality of life in the urban Indigenous community of Montreal. We are currently seeking a highly qualified individual to assume the position of Street Patrol Worker. 
 The objective of the Ka’wáhse Street Patrol is to respond to specific and local priorities related to homelessness thus meeting the immediate needs of homeless people and people at imminent risk. The typical client profile is urban Indigenous people at risk of being homeless, transient and those without a fixed address. The CAAM works in close collaboration with external partner organizations, including the City of Montreal Police Service (SPVM) to conduct joint community-based interventions.   Applicants must be able to pass a criminal background check. 
 ACCOUNTABILITY 
 The successful candidate will report directly to the Services Coordinator and will be responsible for providing direct integrated services and support to Indigenous clients. He/she will also work closely with NFCM personnel and external agencies to provide counselling, intervention, assistance, support, referral to Indigenous clients who are street involved. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 · Québec Class 5 Driver’s License with acceptable driving record (an asset); 
 · Bilingualism (English and French) written and spoken is required in this position; an Indigenous language is an asset; 
 · Must be available to work flexible schedule days and evenings Monday through Friday; 
 · Must be capable of manual labor; 
 · Experience with Indigenous clients and knowledge of urban Indigenous issues; 
 · Motivated and enthusiastic team player; 
 · Strong teamwork skills and work ethic; 
 · Reliable, punctual, honest, professional; 
 · Highly flexible and adaptable; 
 · Diplomacy, tact and judgement; 
 · Problem solving and conflict resolution skills; 
 · Experience in individual and group intervention; 
 · Good oral and written communications; 
 · First Aid / CPR / ASIST certification an asset; 
 · Demonstrated organizational and time management skills; 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 · Provide mobile direct services and support to homeless or at-risk Indigenous clients to address urgent needs; 
 · Ensure that street involved Indigenous people have an awareness of direct integrated services provided by the NFC and services to those who may not use the Day Centre; 
 · Provide transportation of clients to shelters or to medical facilities; 
 · Coordination of general transportation requests; 
 · Preparation of food and beverages for the patrol as well as tracking/maintaining all inventory, loading van, and distribution to clients; 
 · Referral of clients to partner agencies and general assistance as required. 
 · Actively participate in team debriefing sessions, staff meetings, etc.; 
 · Maintain service statistics and journals, record keeping, reporting, filing, photocopying; 
 · Other duties/responsibilities as delegated by Services Coordinator or Executive Director 
 WORKING ENVIRONMENT/HOURS 
 Full-time (37.5 hours per week), Monday through Friday, days and evenings (may vary). Hourly rate: $23/hr. Attendance at events, meetings, training, and workshops is mandatory. 
 CLOSING DATE: Applications will be accepted until Friday November 8th, 2020 at 5PM 
 PLEASE APPLY THROUGH OUR WEBSITE: 
 https://nfcm.org/en/ 
 Applications will not be accepted beyond the closing date. 
 Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Preference will be given to Aboriginal (First Nations, Métis, Inuit) applicants but all are encouraged to apply. 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-08 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $23.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual Dress 
 Discounted or Free Food 
 Extended Health Care 
 Life Insurance 
 Paid Time Off 
 RRSP Match 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 Hour Shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 No Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
we provide masks, gloves and hand sanitizer 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
