Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker 
 Sienna Senior Living 
 __Bradford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re passionate about leading a team that is, committed to the Team Member Experience and driven by innovation and growth, then join us! 
 We are seeking a permanent part time personal support worker for the day, evening, and night shift! 
 The Personal Support Worker is a critical role within our communities as it impacts the lives of residents and ignites the warmth of human connection. 
 As a Personal Support Worker your typical day will impact the following ways: 
 
 
 Ensures and promotes the provision of resident-focused care to meet the needs of residents 
 
 
 Provides supervision and/or assistance to residents in the activities of daily living including eating, dressing, transferring, toileting, hygiene, grooming, and bathing as per residents’ individual plans of care to meet their needs and expectations 
 
 
 Provides care and services to residents with respect to their senses and communication by encouraging residents to wear individual sensory aids such as glasses, hearing aides, etc. 
 
 
 Provides cognitive, social, emotional, and spiritual support 
 
 
 Provides oral and dental care 
 
 
 Performs other duties as assigned 
 
 
 Must haves: 
 
 
 Successful completion of a Personal Support Worker from an approved college or private institution meeting the standards established by the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities, National Association of Career Colleges, as per established provincial requirements 
 
 
 Continues to grow and develop through attendance at in services, seminars, workshops, etc. 
 
 
 Demonstrated working experience with the elderly in a health care setting, knowledgeable with respect to their needs 
 
 
 Knowledge of procedures and techniques involved in administering simple treatment and related bedside care to resident 
 
 
 Ability to exercise tact and diplomacy in dealing with residents, families, and visitors 
 
 
 All applicants must successfully pass the prescribed Vulnerable Sector Check. Applicable to Ontario applicants. 
 
 
 All applicants must successfully pass the prescribed Criminal Records Check. Applicable to British Columbia applicants. 
 
 
 Bonus points for having: 
 
 Current Basic Cardiac Life Support Certification (BCLS) preferred 
 
 Act upon your desire to help others and Join Sienna Senior Living as we continue to enhance the lives of those we serve. 
 For Ontario locations, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, upon request, support will be provided for accommodations throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process. 
 Part-time hours: 22.5 per week 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Support Care: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Bradford, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid Certification (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
