Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 'Not in the job description' 
 August 9, 2018 Eileen Kohan 
 How many times have you heard that those who succeed ascribe their advancement to going beyond the parameters of their job description? What does that mean? 
 In some cases it might be asking for additional responsibility or supplementary assignments. But if we step back from a particular job, maybe it's about being prepared for the bigger picture of your career. It's the curiosity/lifelong learning thing that connects the dots as you progress as a professional. It's recognizing a painting in a new client's office and beginning a conversation, not based on a sale, but a shared interest. 
 It's about being multidimensional. 
 To help on this aspect of professional development, we add a new category this week to 'workthoughts' - 'Not in the Job Description'. 
 To begin, we follow the advice of The New York Times' chief classical music critic,  Anthony Tommasini .  'Curious About Classical Music? Here's Where To Start.' 
 " Over my many years of reviewing, I’ve often been asked for advice from newcomers to classical music, people excited by what they’ve heard, and eager to hear — and to learn — more. 
 Naturally, I urge those exploring classical music to find out whatever they can. Yet I’ve found that many people assume that knowledge of the art form is a prerequisite to appreciation. Newcomers to other performing arts, like theater or dance, don’t seem to feel this level of intimidation. I’d encourage those who are curious to just go to a performance and see what they think. A symphony orchestra program — or an opera, or a piano recital — is not an exam. It’s an escape, an adventure, an enrichment. " 
 Just to emphasize his point. When adding a new dimension to your portfolio think of it as  " an escape, an adventure, an enrichment". 
 Mr. Tommasini  goes on to answer questions in his article, including his definition of 'classical music'. 
 " Labels can be problematic in any field; “classical music” especially so. One complication is that music history refers to the years from roughly 1750 to 1825 as the “classical” period, when Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven achieved their glory. But in a broader sense the term classical music has been adopted as a way to describe the continuing heritage of music mostly written to be performed in concert halls and opera houses by orchestras, singers, choruses, chamber ensembles and solo instrumentalists. Another characteristic is that composers in this tradition have been drawn to larger, structured forms. Still, the term is far from ideal, but no one has come up with a good alternative — yet." 
 The article includes links to sample recordings to get you started, including clips of Maria Callas' 1953 performance as Tosca at  Teatro alla Scala  in Milan. 
 In addition to following the dots presented by Mr. Tommasini, add a visit to an opera house or concert hall the next time you are planning a trip out of town or out of the country. Identify reviewers and critics that seem to match your tastes and follow them on social media. You will be amazed and delighted as you trace the links connecting the variety of performance. 
 Where will you begin your new adventure - 'not in the job description'? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  career ,  communication ,  connecting the dots ,  creativity ,  curiosity ,  leadership ,  lifelong learning ,  storytelling ,  success ,  values ,  work thoughts  Tags:  @TommasiniNYT ,  adventure ,  Anthony Tommasini ,  building relationships ,  classical music ,  connecting the dots ,  curiosity ,  Curious About Classical Music? ,  enrichment ,  escape ,  LaScala ,  Milan ,  multidimensional ,  Not in the job description ,  success ,  Teatro alla Scala ,  The New York Times ,  values 
 Post navigation 
 <- The week@work: "The Education of Silicon Valley", Gen Z@work, mid-career sabbatical, & a new era of human spaceflight 
 The Friday Poem 'August' by Helen Hunt Jackson -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
