For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the   instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  
 Skip to main content 
 
 __Become a member 
 __Sign in 
 __Contact us 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Sectors 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 
 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 White papers 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Become a member  
 
 
 
 Home 
 Mining 
 07 February 2019 
 Queensland Parliament must reject Greens’ anti-resources, anti-jobs bill, says QRC 
 
 Queensland Parliament must reject Greens’ anti-resources, anti-jobs bill, says QRC 
 __Save to read list Published by  Stephanie Roker , Editor 
 World Coal , Thursday, 07 February 2019 10:50 
 
 Advertisement 
 The Queensland Resources Council (QRC) is calling on the Queensland Parliament to emphatically reject the Greens' destructive and reckless proposal to ban mining in the Galilee Basin. 
 In a joint submission with the Queensland Mining and Energy Division of the CFMEU, the QRC has identified the deep flaws in the Mineral Resources (Galilee Basin) Amendment Bill (Qld), which is currently being assessed by a Parliamentary Committee. 
 "This is the Greens' anti-resources tantrum 2.0," QRC Chief Executive Ian Macfarlane said. 
 "Much like the similarly flawed bill before the Senate in the Federal Parliament, this proposal is counterproductive and counter to common sense. 
 "Not only would it fail to have any impact on changing global temperatures - its stated intention - but its anti-resources agenda would also risk the jobs of the 316 000 Queenslanders who work in the industry and leave the Queensland budget in tatters. 
 "There is a greater responsibility on the Queensland Parliament to emphatically reject this bill, given the State's direct role in regulating and assessing resources projects. 
 "All Queensland resources projects go through a rigorous assessment process to balance economic, environmental and social impacts. This process includes extensive stakeholder consultation and public feedback. 
 "It is a process that serves Queensland well and ensures an ongoing pipeline of investment. 
 "Figures from the Office of the Chief Economist's December update showed that if the six major coal projects in the Galilee Basin were to proceed they would create 13 900 construction jobs and 12 803 jobs during operations. 
 "While anti-coal activists sneer at these jobs, they are an opportunity that regional Queenslanders are ready to grasp, especially given mining jobs are typically high skilled and high paying. 
 "The global demand for coal is strong, and coal is forecast to remain at about 40% of total power generation in the Asia Pacific by the year 2040 under a scenario modelled by the International Energy Agency. 
 "If the Greens' bid to ban coal in Queensland was successful that would simply mean the demand for coal would be met from other countries with lower quality coal, which would in turn lead to higher emissions. Meanwhile, Queenslanders would miss out on the returns from royalty taxes which pay for teachers, nurses and police. 
 "Without royalty taxes from the resources industry, the Queensland budget would be in the red to the tune of AUS$4.6 billion. 
 "There is no magic source of money in Queensland. The budget depends upon investment and production in the resources industry to fund new projects whether they be roads, schools or hospitals, or even to fund the Greens' own proposal for a Queensland Public Infrastructure Bank. 
 "The bill proposes to rip up existing mining leases in the Galilee Basin. Not only would this trash Queensland's reputation as a reliable place to invest, but it should send a chill through every industry in Queensland. 
 "If the Greens are successful in destroying one lawful, responsible and regulated industry, they'll simply shift their sights to the next target. 
 "The Queensland resources industry is responsible and makes best use of planning and technology to ensure long-term sustainability for the environment. It works co-operatively with other sectors such as agriculture and tourism. 
 "Climate change is a global challenge and the resources industry is committed to being part of a the global solution, including through advances in technology, greater energy efficiency and supplying the high quality, low emissions resources that displace higher emissions products. 
 "This bill is the standard folly from the Greens, who have always shown a reckless disregard for jobs and regional communities. The onus is on the rest of the Queensland Parliament to stand up for Queensland jobs and prosperity by emphatically ruling out this legislation and the ideas it proposes." 
 Read the article online at: https://www.worldcoal.com/mining/07022019/queensland-parliament-must-reject-greens-anti-resources-anti-jobs-bill-says-qrc/ 
 You might also like 
 
 [WEBINAR] Essential rules of adopting AI in Mining and Metals 
 Join us for a webinar with OSIsoft to learn a simple definition of AI and the benefits of adopting it into your operations, the anatomy of a successful AI project and real-world examples and success stories.  Register for free today » 
   
  Altius reports 4Q20 attributable royalty revenue  
 Tuesday 26 January 2021 14:30 
 Altius Minerals Corp. expects to report record attributable quarterly royalty revenue of approximately CAN$21.9 million for 4Q20 ended 31 December 2020. 
 
 __Embed 
 __Tags 
 
 Embed article link:  (copy the HTML code below): 
 Queensland Parliament must reject Greens’ anti-resources, anti-jobs bill, says QRC 
 
 This article has been tagged under the following: 
  Australia coal news      Queensland coal news      Queensland Resources Council news   
 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 ×Close 
 This content is available to members only. Please  sign in  or  become a member  for free. 
 
 Member benefits 
 
 __Access to locked online articles 
 __Save articles to your read list 
 __Downloadable white papers 
 __Full website membership 
 
 Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, no credit card required. 
 
 Already a member?  Sign in  here 
 News 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 Quick links 
 
 Home 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 White Papers 
 Directory 
 Become a member 
 Sign in 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 Our team 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Website cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dry Bulk 
 
 
 Energy Global 
 
 
 Global Mining Review 
 
 
 Hydrocarbon Engineering 
 
 
 LNG Industry 
 
 
 Oilfield Technology 
 
 
 Tanks and Terminals 
 
 
 World Cement 
 
 
 World Coal 
 
 
 World Fertilizer 
 
 
 World Pipelines 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Palladian Publications Ltd. All rights reserved | Tel: +44 (0)1252 718 999 | Email:  enquiries@worldcoal.com 
