Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Risk Analyst, Counterparty Risk Management 
 TC Energy 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Reference Code:  76383 
 Location:  Canada (CA) - Calgary, AB 
 Job Category:  Accounting/Finance; Risk Management 
 Employment Type:  Employee Full-time 
 Relocation Eligibility:  This position is not eligible for our relocation program 
 Application Deadline:  11/30/2020 
 We all need energy. It warms our homes, cooks our food, gives us light, and gets us where we need to go. It also improves our quality of life in countless other ways. At TC Energy, our job is to deliver that energy to millions of people who depend on it across North America. And we take our job very seriously. 
 Guided by our values of safety, integrity, responsibility and collaboration, we develop and operate our facilities safely, reliably and with care for our impact on the environment. With our presence across the continent, our people play an active role in building strong communities. 
 We’re proud of how our hard work and commitment sets us apart and benefits society, every day. We’re looking for new team members who share our values and are ready to take on exciting challenges. 
 The opportunity 
Our Counterparty Risk Management team is seeking a versed Risk Analyst who has knowledge and experience with financial statement analysis, forecasting, and assessments. You have the proven skills, competencies and capacity to support the team and the Company. You will add technical experience and knowledge in our diverse portfolio of high-quality, longlife assets spanning five operating businesses in three core geographies. This role reports to the Manager, Counterparty Risk Management. 
 What you’ll do 
 
 Complete counterparty financial statement analysis and assessments which includes: researching, gathering / reviewing information, and recommending/approving counterparty exposure limits 
 Collaborate with internal stakeholders to obtain appropriate document language, particularly relating to credit clauses and financial assurance language 
 Negotiate financial assurances and contractual credit clauses/financial assurance language 
 Monitor counterparty exposures and make recommendations determining if they are within limits 
 Maintain financial assurances 
 Navigate complex risk management projects and activities with a continuous improvement mindset 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 Successfully completed an undergraduate degree in Commerce, Accounting, Finance or Business 
 Four (4) + years of related, progressive experience 
 An alternative combination of education and experience may be considered 
 Strong analytical skills to understand complex financial information, corporate structures and business arrangements, as well as assess the creditworthiness of counterparties 
 Excellent attention to detail to facilitate the collection of financial assurances and written communication skills to complete and communicate credit assessments 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Enrollment/Progression in a professional financial designation (i.e. CPA, CFA) 
 Strong written and verbal communication with all levels of organization 
 Strong interpersonal and stakeholder engagement skills, demonstrating collaborative working relationships and leadership 
 Advanced analytical/reconciliation skills utilizing tools including Microsoft Excel to analyze financial data to complete ratio analysis and sensitivity models to support your credit opinion 
 Strong time management skills, with the ability to perform effectively under tight deadlines with multiple priorities 
 
 About our business 
TC Energy is a leading energy infrastructure company in North America. We have three complementary businesses of natural gas pipelines, liquids (oil) pipelines, and power generation. Our operations span three countries, seven Canadian provinces, and 34 U.S. states. 
 Apply now! 
 Apply to this posting by 11/30/2020 using reference code 76383. You must apply through our jobs system at jobs.tcenergy.com. Only applications submitted through our system will be acknowledged. Applications may be submitted using a mobile device or a desktop / laptop computer. 
 TC Energy is an equal opportunity employer. 
 Learn more 
 Visit us at TCEnergy.com and connect with us on our social media channels for our latest news, employee stories, community activities, and other updates. 
 Thank you for choosing TC Energy in your career search. 
 
 Depending on qualifications, the successful candidate may be offered a position at a more appropriate level and/or ladder. 
 Applicants must have legal authorization to work in the country in which the position is based with no restrictions. 
 All positions require background screening. Some require criminal and/or credit checks to comply with regulations. 
 TC Energy is committed to provide employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to race, religion, age, sex, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or disability. Accommodation for applicants with disabilities is available on request during the recruitment process. Applicants with disabilities can request accessible formats or communication supports by contacting careers@tcenergy.com. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
