  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Product Manager 
 at NearSt 
 go back to Data and Product Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 ABOUT NEARST 
 We're a retail technology company getting people back into high street shops. Our platform drives in-store footfall by connecting the products currently hidden on shop shelves to the millions of local shoppers searching for them nearby. Companies like Google and Facebook use our technology to show live in-store inventory on their platforms to millions of shoppers searching nearby. 
 We believe the future of the high street is one where every product in every shop is connected directly to the web, making it genuinely faster and easier to get something from a real shop nearby than ordering it for delivery online. The high street has incredible value that's currently hidden from the internet on the shelves of local shops, and we see it as our job to unlock it. 
 You can hear our CEO talk about why we're so excited about the future of the high street, and our plans for making NearSt a central part of it, in our  Next Web Keynote 
 THE ROLE 
 We've worked well so far without a formal product management role by collaborating closely, focusing on filtering and prioritising potential work. We have developed a shared roadmap, keep participation in Feature Suggestions and Project Management consistent and try hard to question and verify the work that gets carried into sprints. But we want to do better and that is where this new role comes in. 
 We are really looking for a very rare person, someone who possesses a wide range of product centric skills - feature definition, prototyping, strategic product vision, hypothesis formulation and testing, design chops - and who can take ownership of product as a function at NearSt. 
 You'll understand the competitive landscape, understanding what makes NearSt stand out. Your responsibilities will include definition and refinement of product delivery processes, collaborating around delivery roadmaps and providing visibility of product progress alongside work to ensure a clear and executable backlog of work is in place and stakeholder needs are correctly represented and prioritised. 
 The role is the first product specific one at NearSt reporting to one of the founders. 
 QUALITIES OF THE PRODUCT MANAGER 
 
 Thrives on working with cross functional, agile product teams to deliver outstanding products and continually improve standards. 
 Values working in a diverse, and open team environment - and actively works to promote this. 
 Actively seeks to be the voice of the customer and champions their cause 
 Views product architecture and design as a shared responsibility and works across teams to deliver a consistent vision. 
 Speaks up with candour and clarity representing product needs 
 Uses a data-driven approach to decision making and problem-solving. 
 Exemplifies a design centric approach 
 Has a good feel for User Experience, without necessarily being a UX Architect by training 
 
 OUR PRODUCT MANAGER's RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Defines and refines strategic product direction 
 Works closely with the founders to ensure product direction is aligned to the company vision. 
 Drives the delivery process with clarity on requirements and clear acceptance criteria. 
 Provides wireframes and prototypes into the development pipeline to guide engineering. 
 Manages the product backlog, ensuring correct prioritisation. 
 Works to adapt agile methods to suit the direction of work 
 Creates a clarity of vision around delivery needs, and stands alongside the engineering team in working to commitments 
 Monitors key metrics 
 Works with the NearSt project manager to coordinate cross functional dependencies 
 Own the creative process of generating, developing, and curating new ideas. 
 
 SOME THINGS THEY ARE REALLY GOOD AT 
 
 Collaborating around stakeholder needs in a manner that allows solution options to be developed. Gets to the heart of the opportunity quickly and communicates the need to the delivery team 
 Understanding needs and motivators of our customers and articulating those to drive delivery focus 
 Strong communication and collaboration in providing product direction 
 Strong analytical skills and problem-solving aptitude 
 Forming meaningful hypotheses and defining how to test them 
 Leadership in a growing company situation 
 
 SOME OF THE PRACTICAL THINGS THEY DO 
 
 Ensures the Jira backlog is well managed 
 Develops wireframes to test out ideas and creates UI designs 
 Maintains contact with the customer community 
 Collaborates with the wider set of business stakeholders to enable fantastic, industry defining work 
 Helps to maintain a balance between building sustainable, high-impact product features and shipping things quickly. 
 Reports to Head of Strategy & Product and works closely with the leadership team to develop our product strategy in line with business objectives 
 
 WHAT IT'S LIKE WORKING AT NEARST 
 We're a fast-growing tight-knit team of almost 20 people who all share a common vision that what we're building will define the future of how everyone shops. Startup life is a lot of work and a ton of fun, so we've focussed hard on putting a great framework in place that lets people do their best work. 
 10 reasons we think you'll love it here: 
 
 ETHOS   - We believe team health and culture are at the centre of a successful business and care passionately about fostering this at NearSt 
 ENVIRONMENT   - We work as a semi-remote team, where our Hoxton Square office is a hub for collaboration and team-oriented work and home is a place for deep focussed work 
 TECH   - Whether you're working at home or HQ, you'll benefit from the latest Macs and CRM software so you can focus on doing your best work 
 COLLABORATION   - Benefit from the latest software that helps you spend more time doing great work with your team-mates and less time updating unwieldy old spreadsheets 
 MINDSET   - We cultivate an entrepreneurial can-do mindset; brilliant ideas can and must come from everywhere in the business 
 OWNERSHIP   - Receive stock options in the business, so you own a stake in your own success 
 WELLNESS   - Stay at your best with a flexible monthly wellness budget to spend as you please on things to keep you happy, healthy and well 
 MENTAL   HEALTH   - Professional and confidential support from Spill to help keep your mental health just as well as your physical health 
 GROW   - Develop personally and professionally with an annual budget for you to upskill in ways that suit your own learning style 
 PURPOSE   - Work among a team who genuinely want to make a massive positive difference in the world 
 
 We think a great workplace is filled with all the diversity the world has to offer. This means we make no judgment about the things that make you, you - whether that be gender, religion, sexuality, race, or a secret love for 80s action films. If you're excited by our mission, we're excited to meet you! 
 Published at 5 Jan 2021 - Expires on 5 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  NearSt 
 fulltime  Sales Executive  at NearSt in London 
 __08-12-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
