Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cleaning Specialist 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Belleville, ON, Canada Req #327 
Thursday, November 5, 2020 
 Since the legalization of recreational Cannabis in October 2018, HEXO Corp has experienced incredible growth. As one of Canada’s top Cannabis companies, we continue to advance in this exciting new industry along with the incredibly talented people we have working on the team. 
 HEXO Corp creates globally trusted brands of easy-to-use and easy-to-understand cannabis products. HEXO Corp is a serious, business-oriented and socially responsible organization that is building dynamic teams of professionals that aren't afraid to step outside of their role, try new things and challenge the status quo. 
 If you are excited to take on a new challenge and are open to getting out of your comfort zone, we’re looking for people like you to join the HEXO Corp family. 
 Responsibilities: 
Cleaning and upkeep of offices, public areas, washrooms, storage spaces, processing rooms, employee cafeteria and locker rooms; 
Complete cleanings tasks as per the company’s standard operating procedures following daily, weekly, monthly and periodic cleaning strict schedules; 
Recording of all cleaning and sanitation tasks completion as per the company’s standard operating procedures; 
Reporting all security related matter as required by the company policy; 
Responding promptly to requests and job tasks as assigned by supervisors; 
Proper use and care of equipment and report defects; 
Reporting all maintenance defects in the facility; 
Keeping housekeeping closets clean, tidy and properly stocked at all times; 
Actively participate in the company’s recycling program; 
Perform any other tasks as assigned by supervisor or manager. 
 Requirements: 
Must be flexible to work a variety of shifts including but not limited to evenings and weekends; 
Must be able to stand and walk for extended period of time; lift and carry up to 25 pounds; 
Must be comfortable working at heights; 
Commercial cleaning experience preferred; 
Ability to use computerized equipment and cleaning machines; 
Excellent time management skills, diligent and complete work in a timely manner; 
Demonstrate flexibility and sound work ethics; 
Fluent spoken and written communication skills in English; 
Ability to work in a team or independently with little to no supervision. 
 HEXO Corp. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, veteran status, or genetic information and encourages applications from all minority groups. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
