
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Logging dispute keeps 120 workers off the job in Port Alberni 
 May 19, 2016 
 By: CHEK News 
 “We’re going to have a long dry summer, I mean just look, it’s a fire waiting to happen.” 
 That was how NDP MLA Scott Fraser described what he was seeing as he toured a cut block between Port Alberni and Lake Cowichan Wednesday. 
 It is where massive, valuable logs have been sitting untouched for up to two years in some places in tenures held by Western Forest Products. 
 “It’s rotting. It’s a fire hazard in what could be another bad fire season and there’s over a hundred workers who should be at work and they’re not so it’s impacting the local economy,” Fraser told CHEK News. 
 The mayor of Port Alberni Mike Ruttan is also concerned. 
 “When I see this wood lying on the ground here I see jobs. I see economic activity that isn’t happening that could be happening,” said Ruttan. 
 The United Steelworkers Union took several people on a tour of the site two hours by logging road south of Port Alberni. 
 The union says the issue is a rate dispute between Western Forest Products and its contractor Island Pacific Logging. 
 “They’ve already squeezed every cent out of Island Pacific Logging the contractor and now they’re trying to get it out of the worker and they’re holding the workers, the community, everybody at bay,” said Norm Macleod, President of United Steelworkers Local 1-85. 
 The union says it is in the middle of a multi year collective agreement with Western but that the company is using this dispute to try for new concessions from the workers. 
 Meanwhile, all the wood continues to sit there. 
 The union estimates there is about 70,000 cubic metres of logs left on the forest floor equating to about 2000 highway logging trucks. 
 “It starts devaluating this time of year, it starts getting the bugs in it and soon the mills won’t even want it,” said Macleod. 
 Macleod says when the trees were cut the wood was worth about $7million dollars but in a statement to CHEK News the company says the logs will be brought in when the dispute is resolved and that there is no devaluation of the logs. 
 The NDP is calling on the Liberals to get involved and Port Alberni just wants to see the workers back on the job. 
 By:  CHEK News 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
