Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Branch Manager 
 Herman's Supply Company 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview:  The role of the Branch Manager is to assume the full responsibility for the complete management of the location. The manager will set his/her goal to manage the store at a level of excellence as defined by the guidelines established by Senior Administration. This position requires a strong hands-on leader with a take charge attitude. 
 Responsibilities include: 
Manage a staff of up to 10, reporting to the Regional Manager. 
 Ensure that the yard and warehouse are maintained to company standards. 
 Responsible for opening and closing the store including securing company assets. 
 Dispatch truck drivers and delivery teams. 
 Understand and administer customer service initiatives in accordance with company policies in a mutually beneficial manner in order to ensure a lasting goodwill between our customers and the company. 
 Operate location effectively to minimize unnecessary operating costs. 
 Enforce Health & Safety regulations. 
 Responsible for overall store sales, including cold calls and outside calls. 
 Provide useful, practical and professional sales advice to current and prospective customers. 
 Requirements 
Experience in the Building Supplies industry and contractor sales is a definite asset. 
 Exceptional management skills and experience with a strong ability to teach, motivate and lead staff. 
 Highly disciplined with experience adhering to company and industry policies and regulations. 
 Excellent organizational and scheduling skills with the ability to multitask. 
 Ability to effectively manage the operations division within the set operating budget. 
 Career minded person with a desire to perform at top levels. 
 Effectively work in a computerized environment. 
 Exceptional customer service skills. 
 Must be capable of lifting heavy materials. 
 Benefits 
Competitive compensation 
 Excellent employment package (medical/dental benefits, vacation, Corporate Health & Wellness programs) 
 Training, development and growth opportunities available 
 Full-time, day hours 
 HERMAN’S SUPPLY COMPANY is known for its’ exceptional customer service and professionalism. Est. in 1969, Herman’s is a dynamic leader in the building material supply industry, using cutting edge technology and a solid professional workforce. Our family-owned business has a history of developing talented professionals, building strong relationships and offering exceptional customer service. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
