Australia's Most Dangerous Jobs 
 By  Victoria Simpson  on July 15 2020 in  Society 
 
 Image credit: Gino Santa Maria/Shutterstock.com 
 
 In 2019 a total of 171 workers died from an injury sustained at work in Australia, with the most deaths in sectors like forestry and construction. 
 The US has a relatively high workplace fatality rate compared to Australia, with 3.5 people in every 100,000 dying at work. 
 Safe Work Australia is a government organization that works to provide support and influence policies in relation to worker's safety. 
 
 Like any country,  Australia  has people working in jobs that could be stressful on your mind, but generally harmless for your body. Office jobs and desk jobs generally fit the bill. There are also jobs that can put your life in danger. At the time of this writing in July 2020, there have been 91 Australians killed at work during 2020. In 2019 a total of 171 workers died from an injury sustained at work in the country. This adds up to someone dying at work just about every two days down under. 
 Some of the most  dangerous jobs  can be found in forestry, fishing and agriculture in  Australia , and the physically safest work is found in the financial and insurance industries. An overwhelming majority  (93%) of people  who die at work in Australia are male. 
 Here is a deeper look at seven of the most dangerous jobs in Australia, and what makes them to be so. 
 Labour And Other Hands-On Jobs 
 ; 
 Image credit: Andre Marcelo Santa Maria/Shutterstock.com 
 According to the  Australian Men’s Health Forum , in 2017 the most common causes of workplaces deaths in Australia were v ehicle collisions , being hit by a moving object, falling from high heights, and being hit by a falling object. These accidents tended to happen most often for those working in labour jobs. Workers in the Northern Territory had the highest rate of death at work by far and in 2017 were 13 times more likely to die at work than were workers in other territories. 
 Next in line was workers in Queensland, followed by workers in South Australia, New South Wales, and then Western Australia. 
 In 2018, Christopher Cassiniti died at 18-years old while working on a construction site in the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Park. He fell from scaffolding that collapsed beneath him. The tragic death marked the beginning of a spotlight on construction safety that revealed over 100 safety violations related to  scaffolding  only, across New South Wales. 
 A simple Google search shows many other incidents of people dying on the job in Australia’s labour sector. In July 2020, a man was  crushed to death  by a  falling metal beam . He died on the scene. People have died in mining accidents recently, at quarries, and in industrial accidents. Working in Australia can be dangerous. 
 Australia’s famous forest fires are something else that claim workers every year. When  trees fall , the result can be fatal. In the country's forest fires of 2019-2020, 9  firefighters  died fighting the blazes to date. 
 Transport, Postal And Warehousing 
 Image credit: Sezer66/Shutterstock.com 
 Those working as  drivers  and on the railroads also have a tough, potentially fatal job to face each day. Shockingly, a report put out in 2020 by the National Transport Insurance company in Australia found that the number of people who had died in a  truck driving accident  doubled in 2019, when compared with any other year in the past decade. Drivers being distracted, presumably by cellphones and other devices, as well as fatigued were cited as major reasons so many drivers are dying. Veteran truck drivers say that more adequate rest facilities are needed throughout the country to help bring fatalities down. Increased driver training and education would also help, some say. 
 When it comes to fatalities in  warehouses , workers tend to die in forklift accidents. Workers can also be fatally injured if there is faulty wiring, hazardous materials, holes in the walls or floors, and warehouse fires. 
 Agriculture 
 Those of us who do not farm may often think of idyllic pastures with horses, cows, and ducks spending their merry days in sunshine when we think of life on the farm. Many people die working as farmers, however. In 2016, 63 people died in accidents on farms in Australia. Some of these were workers, and sometimes even worker’s children died as bystanders in tragic events. Reports indicate that some of these deaths are caused by people not adhering to safe practices like wearing seat belts, and driving at the speed limit on roads. Sometimes, farmers are  intoxicated  and too tired to do their job, which can also result in a deadly accident. 
 Other Incidents 
 It is somewhat surprising to find community and personal service workers on the list of those who suffer from the most fatalities at work in Australia. When you take a look at some of the job titles, it becomes clearer how fatalities may occur. Community workers in Australia may be crisis intervention workers,  juvenile justice officers , and alcohol and drug officers, among other titles. These jobs could be placing workers in close situations with people who are mentally imbalanced and potentially dangerous. This happened in 2019 when a New South Wales Health case worker visited a client for a routine mental health check. He was  stabbed to death  by his client who suffered from serious mental health issues. 
 What Is Being Done 
 Image credit: ThamKC/Shutterstock.com 
 The fact that Australia is keeping statistics on how many people die at work is a good step. Canada, for example, does not have a national database of on-the-job fatality rates. Keeping track of what happens is beneficial for workers and labor inspectors. Data helps people to identify where help is needed most. 
 In Australia, there exist organizations that are attempting to improve the lives of workers who face dangerous conditions each day on the job. These conditions are impacting workers. Construction workers in Australia have a much higher rate of suicide compared with workers in other jobs. Those seeking support and help can find it through organizations such as MATES In Construction, IncoLink, HALT, the OzHelp Foundation, and the OzHelp Tasmania Foundation. 
 Safe Work Australia is an Australian government organization that was established in 2008. People at this organization work to develop policies related to compensating workers who are hurt on the job. This group also develops national policy related to Workplace Health and Safety (WHS). Safe Work Australia also develops national strategies, conduct research, collects and analyzes data related to workplace safety. This organization does not regulate WHS laws, but they can suggest changes. By keeping track of how many workers are injured and killed at work, moving forward, hopefully more deaths can be prevented. 
 Australia's Most Dangerous Jobs 
 
 
 
 Rank 
 Type of occupation 
 Number of fatalities by occupation in Australia in 2017 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 Laborer 
 56 
 
 
 2 
 Road or rail driver 
 44 
 
 
 3 
 Farmer or farm manager 
 21 
 
 
 4 
 Technician or trades worker 
 17 
 
 
 5 
 Design, engineering, science or transport professional 
 14 
 
 
 6 
 Community and personal service workers 
 14 
 
 
 7 
 Machine operator 
 7 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Society 
 Australia's Most Dangerous Jobs 
 
 Related 
   
 The Most Dangerous Animals in Australia 
   
 Jobs You Can Get With A Geography Degree 
   
 The Most Dangerous States in the United States 
   
 Most Dangerous Countries in the World 
 More in  Society 
   
 10 Countries Where Women Far Outnumber Men 
   
 The Most Famous Serial Killers In America And Their Twisted Crimes 
   
 How Many Serial Killers Are On The Loose Today? 
   
 How Many Serial Killers Are Active In The UK Now? 
   
 Types Of Crimes By Number Of Offenses In The US 
   
 The 10 Biggest Shopping Malls In The World 
   
 The Most Popular Sports In The World 
   
 The Largest Cities in Canada 
 All maps, graphics, flags, photos and original descriptions (C) 2021 worldatlas.com 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Fact Checking Policy 
 
 
 Corrections Policy 
 
 
 Ownership Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Continents 
 
 All Continents 
 North America 
 Caribbean 
 Central America 
 South America 
 Europe 
 Africa 
 Middle East 
 Asia 
 Oceania 
 Arctic 
 Antarctica 
 
 
 
 Countries 
 
 All Countries 
 US Maps 
 China Maps 
 Russia Maps 
 Philippines Maps 
 Egypt Maps 
 
 
 
 World 
 
 Environment 
 World Facts 
 Travel 
 Geography 
 Did You Know? 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 History 
 Science 
 Quick Facts 
 Featured 
 
 
 
 Social Science 
 
 Economics 
 Politics 
 Society 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search WorldAtlas 
