Skip to content 
 Newsweb Express 
 We Break the News on the Web 
 Menu 
 
 News 
 Politics 
 Health 
 CrimeWatch 
 Education 
 Features 
 Opinion 
 Entertainment 
 Faith 
 About us 
 Contact us 
 Advertise with us 
 
 ​774,000 jobs meant to tackle insecurity, unemployment — Aregbesola 
 January 11, 2021 Posted in  News 
 The Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola has disclosed that the Extended Special Public Works programme (ESPW) was conceived as a strategy to tackle growing unemployment and insecurity in the country. 
 Aregbesola, who spoke during the flag-off of the Osun State special public works programme at the Local Government Service Commission, Government Secretariat, Abere Osun State. 
 The Minister who was represented by the former Commissioner for Agriculture and Food Security in the State, Mr Kunle Ige, said the programme is aimed at addressing the most vulnerable people in the society from the economic effect of the coronavirus pandemic. 
 
 “The ESPW is an outcome of the Pilot Special Public Works Programme in the Rural Area approved by President Muhammadu Buhari and implemented by the NDE in early 2020. 
 “The pilot programme was implemented in eight states of the Federation in order to gauge its impact on addressing the ballooning population of the unemployed and rising insecurity in some parts of the country. This strategy was adopted to fast-track the achievement of the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (2017-2020). 
 “However, with the emergence of COVID-19 pandemic, President Buhari directed the Economic Sustainability Committee (ESC) under the chairmanship of the Vice-President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, to craft economic measures to cushion the adverse socio-economic effects of the pandemic. 
 “The ESC delivered on its task with despatch and hence the key sectors of the economy underwent vigorous scrutiny and a blueprint termed the National Economic Sustainability Plan (NESP) was developed with the various core Ministries steering the implementation of the approved programmes. 
 “Under the NESP, the Ministry of labour and Employment decided to adopt a proactive approach by engaging the nation’s youths in some important sectors of the economy. This strategy is intended to facilitate the creation of productive and inclusive societies in our nation. 
 “It is also aimed at shielding the most vulnerable from the ravaging effects of COVID-19 which include, but are not limited to, pervasive hunger, poverty, environmental degradation, and joblessness. 
 “The need to quickly address the above mentioned informed the decision to implement the ESPW. As I address you today, our target is to immediately engage the 774,000 selected unemployed Nigerians for the programme to execute carefully selected projects across the 774 Local Government Areas in the country. 
 “Each participating Local Government identified its preferred projects and will be responsible for ensuring that they are executed as planned. It is instructive to mention that all the tools and equipment required have been provided hence the Federal Government expects strong commitment from all stakeholders in ensuring efficient implementation. 
 “Although the ESPW is an ephemeral strategy (to last for three months, 5th January-4th April 2021); I am convinced that it will provide the necessary economic palliatives to these 774,000 unemployed youths. Added to this, the youth who diligently participate in the project’s implementation may deploy the knowledge /skills acquired to become self-employed. In addition, the government and the organized private sector may in due course create/provide exit options”, he said. 
 In his address, the State Governor Adegboyega Oyetola lauded President Muhammadu Buhari for his Administration’s commitment and keen interest in youth empowerment, saying the initiative was in line with Osun’s Development Agenda aimed at guaranteeing and securing a better future for the teeming youths in the State. 
 Oyetola who was represented by his Deputy, Mr. Benedict Alabi, said the Administration has developed workable modalities named “Osun Youth Policy” that articulates the government’s vision, objectives, and plans in driving its focused agenda for the young people. 
 The governor urged the beneficiaries of the programme to justify the confidence reposed in them by using the opportunity provided by the government to give their best in the service of the nation and the State. 
 He said “The programme, though a short-term response to the rising spate of unemployment in our country, deserves to be commended for its ambitious coverage and transparent recruitment process. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Fire guts immigration headquarters 
 ​Inferno: Minister wants reorganization of Kugbo furniture market 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Like us 
 
 Like us 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Instagram 
         
 Newsweb Express Posts: Newsweb Express 
 APPEALS Project: National Coordinator Commences Pre-Implementation Support Mission to Six States 
 
 The National Coordinating Office (NCO) of Agro-Processing, Productivity Enhancement, And Livelihood Improvement Support Project (APPEALS) Abuja has embarked on a Pre-Implementation support mission to six... 
 Nigeria: Those Who Needs Health Services not Getting it - Professor Ejembi Laments ….as UNICEF Sponsors STOT on CHIPS in Kaduna 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, Kaduna Professor Clara Ejembi of the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, has expressed worries that the people that need health services the most... 
 Yuletide Season: PAN Nigeria Launches Virtual Auto Showroom 
 
 Nigeria’s foremost multi-brand automobile manufacturer and assembler, PAN Nigeria Limited, has launched one of the country's first virtual auto showroom. In a statement made available... 
 NSCDC to Adopt VAPP Law in Prosecuting Offences of Violence Against Women, Children 
 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, Kaduna The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Kaduna State Command on Tuesday, promised that it will henceforth adopt the Violence... 
 Kaduna Attorney General Pledges Support for VAPP Law Implementation 
 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, Kaduna Kaduna State Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Aisha Dikko, has pledged state government's commitment at ensuring the Violence Against Persons... 
 Kaduna Court Remands Labourer for Allegedly Defiling Minor 
 
 A Kaduna Chief Magistrates’ Court, on Wednesday ordered that a 26-year-old labourer, Haruna Yusuf, be remanded at a Correctional Centre for allegedly defiling an eight-year-old... 
 Kaduna CJ Assures of VAPP Law Full Implementation 
 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, KadunaChief Justice of the Kaduna State High Court, Honourable Justice Muhammadu Bello, has assured that the Violence Against Persons Prohibition Law (VAPP),... 
 Violence Against Women, Children: Lawyers Making Prosecution difficult for Us - Commissioner Laments 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, Kaduna The Kaduna State Commissioner of Human Services and Social Development, Hafsat Muhammed Baba, has expressed worries over the way some lawyers... 
 Farmers’ Association Tasks FG on Ranching Policies 
 
 All Farmers’ Association of Nigeria (AFAN) on Thursday, tasked the Federal Government to create policies on ranching for farmers and herders to adopt across the... 
 Stakeholders Raise Concerns Over Agency's Capacity to Deliver Drugs to PHCs in Kaduna 
 By Uangbaoje Alex, Kaduna Stakeholders working around Health Sector in Kaduna State have raised concerns over the capacity of the state owned agency saddled with... 
 Calendar 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 January 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 May 2019 
 February 2019 
 December 2018 
 May 2017 
 December 2016 
 July 2016 
 
 Follow Us 
 Hours & Info 
 Suite 7, 3rd Floor, Imam House, Adjacent New Nigerian Newspapers, Ahmadu Bello Way, Kaduna. 
 +2348026700170 
 newswebexpress@gmail.com 
 Lunch: 11am - 2pm 
Dinner: M-Th 5pm - 11pm, Fri-Sat:5pm - 1am 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
