  
 VoL 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 life 
 
 Search for: 
 Category Archives: career 
 career ,  success 
 How Sudden is Sudden Success? 
 October 24, 2015   Leke VoL   6 Comments 
 
 One year ago, Whatsapp was acquired by Facebook. People, especially mainstream media, said Jan Koum, the co-founder, became an overnight success. 
 Success is indeed impressive and attractive. It comes with lots of attention, plenty of perks, an increased level of popularity etc. Many times I've seen people become successful 'overnight'. But come to think of it, does success really happen overnight or suddenly? Since many people do not understand the process that leads to outstanding success, some are tempted to sit by, waiting for their own train of overnight success to stop at their doorstep, as though it's an  Alice in Wonderland  experience. 
 When Dustin Moskovitz, Facebook co-founder was asked how he felt about Facebook's overnight success, he replied, 
 
 If by 'overnight success' you mean staying up and coding all night, every night for six years straight, then it felt quite tiring 
and stressful. 
 
 E. A. Adeboye wrote, 
 
 Some sudden promotions are a result of a hidden period of conscientious, deliberate and sustained work of excellence. 
 
 Finally, Mike Murdock said, 
 
 The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine. 
 
 Summarily, overnight success isn't usually by a sudden process. 
 What are you doing regularly to help you change that unpleasant job soon? 
What are you doing daily to attain academic excellence? 
What are you doing regularly to be be the healthy person you dream to be? 
What are you doing daily to reduce that weight that's become a concern? 
What are you doing daily to earn that coveted promotion? 
 Luck is really opportunity meeting you prepared for it. So, what quiet price are you paying daily to get lucky? 
 Do you have any experience that illustrates this? Please share it. 
 Dustin Moskovitz Jan koum Lionel Messi overnight success sudden success Whatsapp story 
 career ,  poem 
 You're Due for Another Job 
 May 13, 2015   Leke VoL   4 Comments 
 You're due for another job when you usually find yourself checking Facebook without caring whether the work is done or not. 
You're due for another job when your friends think you're on vacation because you post selfies on instagram during working hours. 
You're due for another job when you usually have a fever on Sunday night. 
You're due for another job when time always moves so slowly during working hours. 
You're due for another job when you're convinced that your job is boring. 
You're due for another job when your motivation to show up at work is to secure your month-end pay 
You're due for another job when your boss always reminds you about simple tasks you're yet to complete. 
You're due for another job when everyone now thinks you're stupid and incompetent. 
You're due for another job when you do not see the value it is adding to your future. 
You're due for another job when you're repeatedly consoling yourself that your present position pays the bills. 
You're due for another job when your juniors become your bosses. 
You're due for another job when you lack interesting office experiences to share with your spouse or friends. 
You're due for another job when all you can say about your 9hrs at work is 'my day was ok.' 
You're due for another job when your work makes you a stranger to your spouse and children. 
You're due for another job when you can no longer make time for family and friends. 
You're due for another job when your work lacks fresh challenges. 
You're due for another job when your happiest moment in the week is Friday evening and your worst moment is Sunday night or Monday morning. 
You're due for another job when it takes eternity to figure out the solution to easy problems. 
You're due for another job when you find yourself saying or thinking , 'I hate this job'. 
You're due for another job when you're stuck at the same earning level for several years running. 
You're due for another job when you can no longer plan your expenses because you're being owed several months salaries. 
You're due for another job when your spouse suggests it several times. 
You're due for another job when you cannot apply the skills from the present job elsewhere. 
You're due for another job when your lifestyle is bigger than your boss' own. 
You're due for another job when most of your colleagues are disgruntled. Why remain with a bunch of unhappy people? 
You're due for another job when you seem to be the smartest one around. It's obvious you're among the wrong set of people and you might soon begin to over-estimate your capability. 
You're due for another job when you're the only superstar that hardly ever gets challenged by any other person. 
You're due for another job or position when your boss' job is under threat because of your competence. 
 You're due for another job when at least five of the situations described fit your circumstances. Please don't continue to endure your present job in the hope that it will improve. A change is what can rescue you. You may change your responsibilities within the present organization or make a move to get hired by another employer that fits your career goals. However, if you have reached a point of abhorrence for working to make other companies rich, you may opt to start your own business. But the bottom line is  DO SOMETHING! 
 Do you know other signs that indicate that a person is due for another job? Feel free to add them to the comments :). 
 
 Leke Babayomi blogs at lekebabayomi.wordpress.com 
 Follow him on twitter  @lekebabayomi 
 Brace yourself to purchase a copy of his soon-to-be-released book:  “The Silent Killer.” 
 employee engagement job dissatisfaction job stress time up 
 career ,  coaching ,  inspiration ,  mentorship ,  success 
 Usain Bolt has a coach, why not you? 
 March 18, 2015   Leke VoL   2 Comments 
 
 Recently, I had to venture into uncharted waters and went to seek guidance (that will continue periodically) from someone I know, who is more experienced than I in that area. 
 
 ' Who is your coach?'  These were the words of Dylan in  Akeelah and the Bee . Indeed the greatest athletes around us today credit their success to not only the remarkable talent that they were blessed with, but also the coaches who discipline and help them reach their potential. 
 Ours is the  independent   generation . Gen Y and Gen Z possess skills and smartness that stupefy our parents. We have excelled at what the older generation thought impossible and appear to  know it all.  We seem to learn whatever we want by  googling  it or enrolling for some online course on Coursera or EdX.  
 However, I learned a lesson during the London 2012 Olympics that has remained with me ever since. Usain Bolt, who is the most successful sprinter in human history, when asked his plans for the future after his Olympics success said,  'My coach and I will discuss what we need to.'   He had learned to defer to the leadership of a coach in his life and career. Bolt had  credited his achievement  in setting three world records at the previous Olympics in Beijing to the same coach,  Glen Mills . 
 
 Therefore, no matter how talented you are, involving a coach in your life will help you reach the highest attainments faster than you ever imagined. 
 
 Applications of coaching 
 
 career 
 personal finance 
 marriage 
 entrepreneurship 
 spiritual growth and ministerial calling 
 health and fitness etc. 
 
 How to choose a coach - without paying a dime  **** 
 
 Your coach need not be a world-class player or achiever. (Bolt's coach never won a world-class medal when he was an athlete.) Let it simply be someone who has won your respect and to whom you can easily submit yourself to their guidance. There is no point in choosing a coach you won't listen to! 
 Choose someone you have access to. Don't tell me that Zuckerberg or Dangote is your coach in business! 
 Choose a coach who will give you time and teach you the tricks you need to fly. If you realize that the person you chose is too busy. Go for someone else. 
 Avoid someone who will not tell you the hard truth. What's the use in hearing what is pleasing if it will not be helpful in the end? 
 
 In conclusion,  Google  is not sufficient to make you reach your potential. Reading good books too is not adequate either. So, I ask you,  ' Who is your coach?'  **** 
 In what other areas can we apply coaching/mentorship? Do you have other insights about coaching? Please feel free to share. 
 Leke Babayomi blogs at  lekebabayomi.wordpress.com 
 Follow him on twitter  @lekebabayomi 
 Brace yourself to purchase a copy of his soon-to-be-released book: "The Silent Killer." 
 Akeelah and the Bee coaching gen Y gen Z google MArk Zuckerberg mentorship olympics potential success Usain Bolt 
 CATEGORIES 
 career   coaching   devotional   excellence   General   inspiration   life   marriage   motivation   Nigeria   poem   poetry   prayer   purpose   Relationship   relationships   riches   success   Uncategorized   wealth 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New definitions of laziness 
 SOCIAL MEDIA IS AS ADDICTIVE AS SMOKING 
 OH GOD, WHY? 
 Excellence: So Good They Can't Ignore You 
 WHAT HAVE YOU DONE FOR JESUS? 
 
 Popular Posts 
 
   
 
 Lips Zipped ~ 
 Recent Reader Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Leke VoL  on  Combating the Pornography Addi… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ade-Oluwa  on  Combating the Pornography Addi… 
 
 
 
 Leke VoL  on  The Proverbs 31 Man 
 
 
 DamilolaD on  The Proverbs 31 Man 
 
 
 
 
 Ade-Oluwa  on  The Proverbs 31 Man 
 
 
 
 Search this site 
 Search for: 
 Thoughts | Real life issues | Faith 
 
 Engineering 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2020  (1) 
 September 2020  (1) 
 August 2020  (1) 
 June 2020  (3) 
 May 2020  (2) 
 April 2020  (1) 
 March 2020  (3) 
 February 2020  (1) 
 January 2020  (1) 
 December 2019  (1) 
 October 2019  (5) 
 September 2019  (3) 
 August 2019  (1) 
 June 2018  (1) 
 February 2018  (1) 
 December 2015  (1) 
 October 2015  (1) 
 August 2015  (5) 
 July 2015  (5) 
 May 2015  (5) 
 April 2015  (6) 
 March 2015  (5) 
 February 2015  (4) 
 January 2015  (2) 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 371 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 371 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
