Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 EU Social security rights and jobs via Linkedin 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 I am enclosing a video which explains your social security rights when moving/working in the EU. 
 There is a host of other Videos I'd recommend you watch, if you are 
intending to emigrate out of Ireland OR immigrate to Ireland. It's a 
general Video that explains how it all works in the EU 
 You can find the other videos here :  http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catId=669&langId=en 
 I'd also recommend you check the  Eures Facebook page 
and their website : http://ec.europa.eu/eures/home.jsp?lang=en 
 I have been approached by a variety of recruiters who are looking for multilinguals, 
 so I thought I'd share it here, hoping to reach some people that they haven't reached yet( ie new blood:) 
 When I say approached, it all seems to happen via Linkedin, so if you are on Linkedin, feel free to connect with me. 
 My Linkedin ID is :  http://ie.linkedin.com/in/katleenbellbonjean 
 The first one I received was from Sigmar, Kevin McHenry, who says : 
 I have numerous roles for German speakers in Dublin, especially in the areas of Sales, Customer and IT Support . 
 All of our jobs are on 
 www.sigmar.ie 
 or any German speakers can e-mail their c.v. direct to me kmchenry@sigmar.ie 
 The second one is from 
 Eoin Driver  in Dell, 
Hiring Dutch, Arabic & Hebrew Speaking Technical / IT Professionals. Also hiring Software Testers, Writers & Developers 
 He tells me that the roles are based in Cherrywood in Dublin - We will financially help those who 
 would need to relocate. 
 You can contact Eoin via email on eoin_driver@dell.com 
for more informatio, job specs etc. 
 Hope you found the above helpful! 
 Thanks! 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,433 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
