Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 TTC SCREENING OFFICER (12hr shifts 7am-7pm/7pm-7am) (downtown Toronto) 
 ASP Incorporated 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 TTC SCREENING SECURITY GUARD (12hr shifts 7am-7pm or 7pm-7am) 
 Are you passionate about Safety & Security and seeking opportunity to join a team of Experienced Security Professionals? 
 A.S.P. Incorporated has provided security and customer service solutions for over 20 years to Canadian clients. We employ in excess of 2000 employees and are a subsidiary of ICTS EUROPE, which is operating in 22 countries and employing more than 17000 professionals. A.S.P provide services to some of the largest airports in Canada and has a significant presence in the Commercial and Residential spaces in Ontario and Alberta. A.S.P. is looking for a Security Guard, who take pride in becoming ambassador of TTC and make every interaction professional and positive. Work with integrity, respect, and take responsibility of the security and safety. 
 What you will do: 
 
 Providing Security Guard COVID-19 Screening Services to TTC. 
 Asking a series of covid-19 screening questions to all TTC Employees that enter through the site and document their responses 
 Observing employees for COVID related symptoms and providing feedback to TTC Management Team 
 Acting as an ambassador of the client site by providing customer service, responding to guest inquiries. 
 
 Who you are: 
 
 Minimum High School diploma or Grade 12 education. 
 Minimum of one (1) year verifiable experience in a security field or any equivalent. 
 Eligible to work in Canada. 
 Proficient computer skills such as Microsoft Office. 
 Self-motivated individual with a strong attention to detail. 
 Excellent written & verbal communication and active listening skills. 
 Able to work in nights, weekends, and weekdays shift. 
 Must be willing to work outside during all weather conditions 
 Must Possess a valid Security license. First Aid/CPR/AED certification is an asset. 
 Must have experience in modern corporate building security, security systems and their functions. 
 Must be willing to provide Criminal Record check upon request. 
 
 Why you should work with A.S.P: 
 
 We care about our team and their personal and professional success. 
 Diverse and engaging work environment. 
 People-first mentality. 
 Competitive remuneration and benefits package. 
 
 A.S.P. Incorporated is committed to support a diverse workforce from various communities within which we operate. We encourage all qualified professionals, without regard to race, gender identity, colour, sex, marital / family status, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, aboriginal status, age, etc. to apply. 
 We hire for PERSONALITY. We train for the job. 
 Contract length: 18 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Salary: $16.00-$18.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 12 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Security Guard License (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
