WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Art Director 
 Shh... It's a Secret Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 18, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We are looking for a full time  Art Director  to lead the art department at a yet to be announced indie studio founded in 2020. Join at the very beginnings of a new game studio and be part of our exciting journey in building the company, team, and games. We have a highly creative group built on trust, expertise, and a love for video games; this is a place where we accept ideas, not egos. 
 We are building a game at an intersection of action and social gaming for the HD space (PS, Xbox, Switch and PC). We want to bring players together to play alongside one another in stylistic worlds and share common goals, all with enduring gameplay that is pure unabashed fun. 
 The ideal candidate would be an experienced AD, but we are open to a high potential candidate with experience as a Sr Concept Artist, Associate Art Director, or Lead Artist. 
 Key Responsibilities:  ‍ 
 
 Establish the visual style and identity for the entire game including: environments, characters, and effects 
 Deliver initial concepts to communicate the art direction 
 Desire and/or experience to work within the stylized space 
 Create the asset pipeline for use by internal and external developers 
 Manage, outsource, and quality control content from external partners 
 Help in recruiting top art talent to studio 
 Help the team and the final product to succeed  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Experience we would love to see: 
 
 Previous work as an AD, Sr Concept Artist, or Lead Artist on a launched gameideally in HD space) 
 Experience creating and implementing 3D assets 
 Experience in Unreal 
 Experience working as part of a multi-disciplinary team, esp. in a leadership role 
 Experience working with outsourcing 
 Solid communication skills and a desire to work collaboratively  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits: 
 
 Opportunity to help build the company and team from the ground up 
 Competitive salary and benefits 
 Potential for equity incentives 
 
 Studio Location And Size: 
 
 Based in Los Angeles, currently working 100% remotely and open to remote hires 
 Looking to grow to ~25 people  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Interested? 
 Apply by sending your CV/LinkedIn and portfolio to  stealthindiegamestartup@gmail.com , and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Who we are: 
 Our studio is focused on creating games that connect players across generations within universes of curiosity and excitement. We aim to combine the joy of creation with the thrill of AAA action. 
 We are an experienced and versatile team of industry veterans with AAA backgrounds from studios like Microsoft, Ubisoft, Bungie, and EA. Our development philosophy is around dreaming big, but building smart – maintaining a pragmatic, flexible, and down to earth approach focused on shipping games. 
 Our experience has led us to realize that the high AAA costs hamper innovation and result in lower willingness to take risks. There is a healthy and growing indie game market where smaller teams with low production overhead can stand out through innovative mechanics and eye-catching aesthetics. By focusing our vision and capitalizing on the speed of a small team, we aim to build awesome games for the mass market where the big publishers won’t. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
