Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 START HERE 
 Make Money Online
 
 Littlemama’s Money Making Guide 
 The Best Way On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 21 Best Ways To Earn Extra Money From Home Online, No Scams! 
 How to Make Money With No Money with Amazon For Beginners 
 How to Make Money With No Money Online: Step-By-Step Guide 
 More How To’s Here… 
 
 
 Make Money With Affiliate Marketing
 
 Littlemama’s Affiliate Marketing Guide 
 Best Affiliate Marketing Training to Sign Up: $40K Results Prove It! 
 7 Factors to Consider When Starting an Affiliate Marketing Business 
 What Is The Difference Between MLM and Affiliate Marketing? 
 Beginner’s Guide: How To Use Affiliate Marketing With A Blog 
 Why Affiliate Marketing Is Better Over Other Make Money Online Opportunities 
 How To Use Affiliate Marketing Programs To Monetize Your Blog 
 Where Can Beginners Get a Free Website for Affiliate Marketing? 
 More on Affiliate Marketing Here… 
 
 
 Make Money Blogging
 
 Littlemama’s Blogging Money Making Guide 
 How To Start Blogging For Income For Beginners 
 Your Quick Guide: How to Start Blogging for Beginners 
 Learn How To Earn Money Blogging & Make $906/Day Like Me! 
 How to Get Paid to Write Articles Online and Work From Home 
 How To Create A Blog With WordPress Step By Step Simple Guide 
 How To Create A Blog For Free In Less Than A Minute 
 Best Way To Learn How To Blog 
 A Step-By-Step Guide on How to Start a Travel Blog and Get Paid 
 7 Tips On How To Get A Higher Ranking On Google For Your Blog 
 9 Tips On How To Write Great Blog Posts For Affiliate Marketing 
 How To Work From Home With A Blog And Make Money From It 
 More Blogging Tips… 
 
 
 Site Info
 
 Best Tools I Use 
& Recommend 
 Private 1-on-1 Consultation 
 Contact 
 About 
 Disclosure 
 Privacy Policy 
 Earnings Disclaimer 
 
 
 
 How to Land Freelance Writing Jobs for Beginners to Work at Home 
 January 25, 2019December 24, 2018 by  Grace aka littlemama 
 This post may contain affiliate links for more info visit my disclosure  page. 
 When you have just started your journey in the freelance scene, it may seem you’ve jumped into the deep end. 
 You may have looked through various freelance job boards, only to discover what feels like countless niches and assignment types, none of which you feel qualified as a beginner. 
 Or, maybe your problems are the opposite? You’ve gone through various types of freelance markets, and now it feels like you want to try all of them! 
 After all, there’s a wide range of niche out there, from health and fitness to dating and relationships. 
 Perhaps, you decided you will just get your work from content mills that usually pay low? Or, like many other new freelance writers, everything became so overwhelming that you just went blank, not knowing where to start. 
 Many freelance writers went through these phases – and more. A lot of them stumbled several times, confused which gigs to focus on as there are so many options. 
 So, I made a list of useful methods on how to land freelance writing jobs for beginners to work at home. 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Money With Freelancing, 
 See My Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 Freelance Writing Jobs: Know Where to Look 
 
 You’ll discover plenty of information online about how to land freelance writing gigs for beginners. I will cover in this post the particular gig types that newbies must focus on for the following reasons: 
 Usually, they require little to no writing experience. They help beginners build an attractive online portfolio. They pay fairly. 
 #1) Working for Individuals 
 Most of the time, when people think about freelance writing, they imagine people purchasing a word per dollar for giant companies such as Vogue and The New York Times. 
 So, when you tell someone you’re a freelance writer, they’d like to know if you write for Harper’s Magazine. Well, no… 
 But, maybe in the future! 
 How to Land Your First Stable Writing Job as a Beginner 
 There are a lot of writing opportunities beyond famous magazines and book publishing houses. An excellent opportunity is working for individuals – people like you and me who want to build a website on the sides and have bits of funds to make it happen. 
 You can start your online career with someone who is organizing a WordPress blog in his spare time. As long as your employer wants a lot of content in his site, it can be a stable job for you, at least for the meantime. 
 After several months, you can use your experience and even the content you wrote to show potential clients. You will now have a better chance of getting a writing job for a corporate blog. 
 Freelance Writing Sites for Beginners to Find Writing Gigs 
 You can usually find someone looking for writers on the following sites: 
 Upwork 
   ProBlogger 
   Craigslist 
   BloggingPro 
 And many more… 
 The key is to do thorough research. You can find many sites for writing gigs. A word of caution though, you must be careful with some employers. Scammers are increasing each day. If you think something isn’t right, then it’s probably not worth the risk. 
 RELATED: 8 Freelance Writing Success Tips for Beginners 
 #2) Freelance Writing for Startup Companies 
 Startups are also an excellent route for new writers. These can be new sites and marketing businesses that require content for their websites. 
 Why Startup Businesses Are Excellent Opportunities for Beginners 
 Some startups prefer writers who have the right skills and experience to help their businesses grow. However, some aren’t as particular and don’t mind working with people who are like them, beginners in the online world. 
 Eventually, you’ll find a company that matches your background. For example, if you belonged to the tech industry before deciding to switch to freelance, you can use that knowledge in your online career and write for a company that belongs to the tech industry. 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Money With Freelancing, 
 See My Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 #3) Find Writing Gigs Through Your Personal and Professional Network 
 Thanks to websites like LinkedIn, it’s been a lot easier to keep up with the stuff going on in your professional network. Also, it’s faster to reach out to the people in your circle informing them that you’ve switched to freelancing and that you’re already open for business. 
 In addition, Facebook networking is a popular method now on how to land freelance writing jobs for beginners to work at home. 
 An Easy Way to Get Your Break as a New Freelance Writer 
 As I’ve previously mentioned, one of the fastest ways to get your break as a freelance writer is by going with the niche that you have an excellent background in. Attending events in that niche is an effective way to access business contacts who might need your writing skills, such as writing blog posts, press releases, and case studies. 
 #4) Create Your Own Blog 
 Creating your own blog is also essential in jumpstarting your online writing career. 
 No, I’m not asking you to thrive to earn money from your blog (but, if you want to, then that would be awesome! Read on…). The primary purpose is to showcase your online presence and portfolio. 
 When potential clients notice that you’re organizing your own website and putting original and useful content to it, your chances of getting hired will increase. 
 I came through a blogger one time and learned that she’s a freelance writer and at the same time, offers tips to new freelance writers on her blog. 
 If you’re a client looking for a high-skilled writer, you will definitely consider her. If she teaches others how to be successful in freelance writing, you can be assured that she knows her field well. 
 #5) Write Guest Posts 
 Writing guest posts is a fast way to get clips and place them on your website. Even though you won’t get paid for these posts, you will gain a portfolio for your best writings in your target niche/ niches. 
 Another advantage of this is the author byline. Guest posting is one of the best ways to let people know: 
 Who you are 
 Inform the people you offer freelance writing to let them know that you can handle more clients and that you no longer work for a company. 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Money With Freelancing, 
 See My Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 What you do 
 Provide them specifically the areas of writing you offer. You can also add the particular niches you write about as a means to target specific businesses. 
 Where they can reach you for further info and questions 
 Provide a link to your contact info, website, and social media accounts so your potential clients can reach you quickly. 
 So, if you combine all these three, it would look something like this: 
 I’m a freelance writer that offers articles, blog posts, and web content for companies. My specialties are healthy living, career, and parenting advice. For further information, please contact me at the following details… 
 RELATED: How to Successfully Work From Home to Make Money Online 
 Pro Tip: 
 Make sure that you’re able to provide all the relevant information without sounding too wordy. Keep it short, but don’t forget to include the important things your target clients need to know about you. 
 The five ways on how to land freelance writing jobs for beginners to work at home I’ve mentioned above will help you in landing a writing job with decent pay. It’s always about using the right strategy. 
 Write For Yourself? 
 
 Did you know that you can make your own full time income just by writing on a blog of your own? 
 You may not know how to make money from the blog or how to do keyword research yet or know any SEO skills, but part of being able to make money from a blog is by knowing these things which you can learn. 
 Eventually, when you’ve freelance for awhile, you may want to look into how to do this on your own, and I have done just that. 
 I have created this blog you’re on,  Work Anywhere Now , to help others learn how to make money online and I’m able to make 4 digit online income with it, you can learn more about how you can do the same using the exact training I used in  my free guide here . 
 I am also available for  coaching  on that training platform if you need any help. The training platform comes with an amazing community of bloggers as well, all trying to do the same thing and helping each other. 
 You will love the community inside! 
 If you want to own your very own money making asset, then start building your future today! 
 CHECK OUT THE BEST TRAINING ON HOW TO MAKE MONEY WITH YOUR BLOG NOW! 
 I’m hoping you found this post helpful in starting your online careers. If you’re a freelance writer who has more tips to offer, please offer any advice to new freelance writers below! Let’s help each other in succeeding online! 
 If you have any questions or thoughts regarding how to land freelance writing jobs for beginners to work from home or anything else, please do not hesitate to  leave me a comment below . I always reply to my readers! 🙂 
 Let’s make money online! 
 
 Categories  Blogging ,  How To's ,  Making Money Online  Post navigation 
 8 Freelance Writing Success Tips for Beginners 
 Merry Christmas To All My Visitors! What’s Coming in 2019! 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 
 Connect With Me 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 My journey to making money online & living the laptop life! 
Workanywherenow.com is a participant in the Amazon Services 
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed 
to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. 
 Privacy Policy |   Earnings Disclaimer |   Affiliate Disclosures. 
 © 2021 WorkAnywhereNow.com • Built with  GeneratePress 
 11shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 Scroll Up 
