
 Building a Community  
 of Industry Analyst Relations Professionals 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 This WordPress archive is not maintained. 
 Visit SageCircle.com 
 
 October 27, 2009October 27, 2009   SageCircle 
 VMware job opening -- Group Manager, Industry Analyst Relations 
 We especially like this required capability: "A very, very good sense of humor" 
 Job ID 16341-VM ( click here  and search on Job ID or analyst relations" 
 Division Marketing 
 Job Location CA-Palo Alto (Corp) 
 Group Manager, Industry Analyst Relations 
 Virtualization is the technology that is poised to change the way we think about computing. VMware (NYSE: VMW) is the global leader in virtualization solutions from the desktop to the datacenter. Customers of all sizes rely on VMware to reduce capital and operating expenses, ensure business continuity, strengthen security and go green. With 2008 revenues of $1.9 billion, more than 130,000 customers and more than 22,000 partners, VMware is one of the fastest-growing public software companies. VMware’s award-winning technology, market-leading position and culture of excellence provide the more than 6,600 passionate people we employ in 40 locations worldwide with a platform for professional growth and the excitement of being an early-stage innovator. 
 Corporate Marketing sets strategy and works with employees throughout the world to execute an integrated marketing plan across all marketing channels and geographies to support marketing strategy and direction for specific VMware solutions. The Corporate and Field Marketing teams work extensively with sales, product management and product marketing as well as outside agencies in order to execute integrated marketing campaigns and programs that include online, print, email, direct mail, webinars, seminars, tradeshows and executive marketing sessions. 
 The Industry Analyst Relations Group Manager will be responsible for leading analyst relations efforts for VMware’s management and platform products worldwide, in addition to a small team. The individual in this position will establish and maintain strong, positive relationships between VMware and industry analysts and collaborate effectively across multiple VMware organizations (including engineering, alliances, M&A, marketing, and sales) to create and implement cohesive and consistent analyst relations programs. In addition, he/she will be responsible for the employee development cycle – to include but not limited to hiring, on-boarding, coaching, performance management, etc. 
 This position reports to the Director of Influencer Relations and is part of the larger Global Communications team. We are looking for a confident, motivated and enthusiastic team player with strong verbal, written communications and management skills who can be a leader in the Global Communications team. This is an exciting opportunity for an individual to help build and evolve the Global Industry Analyst Relations program as the company continues to grow. 
 Specific responsibilities include: 
 · Create and implement tiered analyst relations programs that ensure proactive and results-oriented communication with all analysts who cover VMware’s products and services. This includes deepening our relationship with key analysts from top firms through high touch activities as well as building volume based communications programs targeted at 2nd and 3rd tier analysts. 
 · Serve in a leadership role in VMware’s Global Communications organization, and work closely with the Director of Influencer Relations to provide direction, counsel, and management support to meet organizational objectives 
 · Manage VMware vendor or product ratings and industry analyst reports ranking VMware and VMware’s products and services, including Magic Quadrants, Forrester Waves, etc. 
 · Cultivate analysts who can serve as positive media, partner and customer references, as well as leverage analysts for pro-VMware communications through reprints, sponsored whitepapers or surveys, speaking engagements, and webcasts. 
 · Serve as a legitimate and credible spokesperson for the company and proactively communicate relevant news, information and business unit developments to the analyst community. 
 · Provide key direction for programs such as annual analyst conference, buddy programs, strategic consulting sessions, monthly open calls, and leadership tours. 
 · Provide executive communications support including presentations, briefings, and talking points to assist with communications with media and industry analysts. This includes extracting relevant information and data from analyst reports and surveys. 
 · Develop and institutionalize AR training, best practices and processes. 
 · Actively synthesizes content and shares knowledge and insight from analyst reports and data to team members across Global Communications and broader marketing teams 
 · Manage and develop direct reports and help foster positive culture 
 The candidate should possess the following capabilities: 
 · A minimum of 7 years communications experience in high-tech, with minimum of 5 years in analyst relations at $1B+ companies and 5+ years of people management experience 
 · A proven track record of successfully representing high technology companies in competitive environments to the analyst community 
 · Independent thinking combined with a flexible, hands-on yet mentoring management style in a fast paced, rapidly changing, and relatively unstructured environment. 
 · A reputation as a self-starter with experience running an organization. The right person will also be adept at working with peers to define new processes and policies with outstanding leadership and mentoring abilities. 
 · Ability to motivate direct reports and others by fostering an environment that promotes individual growth and reinforces company values and culture. 
 · Strong project management skills, including handling multiple assignments from conception to completion. 
 · The confidence, comfort and instinct required to interact with and drive consensus across multiple stakeholders, including executives 
 · A strong technical mind with the ability to quickly extract, synthesize, and relay key information from multiple sources without becoming overwhelmed 
 · Excellent written and verbal communications skills as well as interpersonal skills 
 · A very, very good sense of humor 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 analyst relations 
 
 
 AR 
 
 
 job 
 
 
 VMware 
 
 
 Published by SageCircle 
 The SageCircle blog contains some of the most compelling writing on analyst relations.   View all posts by SageCircle  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Understanding the Analysts: Unreasonable Demands? 
 Next Saleseforce.com AR opening - Director, Industry Analyst Relations 
 One comment 
 
 Dean Whitehair  says: 
 
 October 27, 2009 at 7:41 pm 
 Absolutely! A sense of humor is a must in this biz…That trait has helped diffuse some very intense confrontations between analysts and executives who were lacking in the humor department! 
 Comments are closed. 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 1  (1) Analyst business practices  (18) analyst events  (4) Analyst industry  (171) Analyst spotlight  (4) Analysts and Web 2.0  (3) AR best practices  (161) AR career tips  (8) AR management  (117) AR-Sales Partnership  (36) budget  (6) Commentary  (31) Glossary  (14) Influencers  (3) Inquiry  (15) Jobs  (15) Magic Quadrant  (20) Marketing using analysts  (1) Measurement  (32) Media Alert  (5) News  (125) Planning  (17) PR and AR  (12) Practitioner Question  (17) Press and the analysts  (2) Reading List  (4) recession  (21) Research alert  (1) Research Consumer  (33) Research methodology  (11) Research quality  (7) SageCircle news  (62) SageCircle Podcast  (12) Signature analyst research  (15) Social media  (108) Spending money  (26) Startups  (24) Tools  (15) Training  (31) Vendor Sales and Analysts  (22) Search for: 
 Tags 
 analyst   analyst relations   analysts   AR   ARchitect   blog   blogging   blogs   contracts   Cool Vendors   earnings   Forrester   Gartner   Hype Cycle   IDC   industry analysts   IT analysts   Jeremiah Owyang   layoffs   Magic Quadrant   market researchers   metrics   signature research   spending   Symposium   tech analysts   Twitter   Wave   webinar   Yankee Group 
 
 This WordPress archive is not maintained. 
 Visit SageCircle.com 
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
