Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Unit Secretary 
 North York General Hospital 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Bio 
IMAGINE a hospital where everyone is committed to excellence. We did. We are. From boardroom to bedside, we go above and beyond to offer the best and safest patient care. At North York General Hospital (NYGH), we put our patients first in everything we do. We are achieving a new standard of excellence in integrated patient-centered care and as one of Canada's leading community academic hospitals, we are building on our academic foundation through enhanced education, research and innovation. North York General Hospital is part of North York Toronto Health Partners, a collaborative partnership with patients, primary care, and community partners, a first- generation Ontario Health Team, driving the development of a locally integrated health system to serve the community. As part of our dynamic team, you too can stand out and be amazing! At North York General, our team is making a world of difference. 
Position Summary 
Unit Secretary, Labour & Delivery 
Your goal in this position is to perform administrative, secretarial and receptionist support for the Labour & Delivery Unit, in a confidential, sensitive and professional manner. You have effective written and spoken communication skills, use your critical thinking and problem solving skills, and embrace the challenge of prioritizing work demands in a fast paced and stressful environment. This position supports the Hospital’s academic mandate by advancing care through teaching and learning and/or transforming care through research and innovation. This position contributes to the shared responsibility of ensuring health and safety policies are followed to provide for a healthy environment for staff, physicians, volunteers, learners, patients and families. 
On a practical level, you will 
 Communicate with staff, patients, families, internal and external parties 
 Accept, coordinate and triage telephone calls and inquiries and process them in an appropriate and timely manner 
 Coordinate various interdepartmental activities and requests such as transportation of patients for tests, discharges and services required on the unit 
 Assume responsibility for identification and advancement of issues and concerns with the Unit Administrator or Coordinator in a time sensitive manner 
 Compile and disseminate material/documents related to Program activity 
 Maintain attendance/time reporting information and arrange appropriate relief including agencies 
 Transcribe physicians written orders in an appropriate and timely manner 
 Process online orders, notify appropriate staff, and specific departments as required 
 Support clinicians with system order entry functions 
 Process requisitions as required (blood work, CT, etc.), maintain documentation and follows up on outstanding information (e.g., test results, follow up appointments) 
 Maintain organization of admissions, discharges, outstanding orders and patient related information including kardex and medication information 
 Dismantle charts and enter information electronically as required 
 Prepare statistics, reports and discharge instructions 
 Photocopy, prioritize and process information as required 
 Manage unit supplies, services and repair needs 
Qualifications 
 Grade XII (high school) diploma 
 A medical office assistant certificate or minimum one year comparable office experience with medical orientation 
 Medical terminology course preferred 
 Accurate minimum typing speed of 45 w.p.m 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office including; Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
 Ability to perform medical transcription 
 Bilingualism in French/English an asset 
What We Offer 
Working at NYGH means working with a dynamic team of fellow healthcare providers, staff, and volunteers in one of Canada’s leading hospitals. This is a Part Time regular position with 8 hour shifts, days, and nights including weekends, in Labour and Delivery. We offer a highly competitive total compensation package which includes pay in lieu of benefits, vacation pay and the opportunity to join the Hospital Pension Plan. 
How to Apply 
 Think you're the right person for the job? Here's your first chance to show us why: 
Ensure to meet the deadline - only applications received by the closing date will be considered. 
We will review all applications and will contact those selected for an interview. 
Closing Statement 
 At North York General, we are committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible environment. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the community in which we live, including those with disabilities. North York General is committed to providing accommodations in all parts of the hiring process. If you require an accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
