
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Customer Experience Response Engineer 
 Standard Chartered Bank 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Customer Experience Response Engineer 
 Standard Chartered Bank 
 [](mailto:?subject=Customer%20Experience%20Response%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14249899/customer-experience-response-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 29, 2020 
 Location: 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East. 
 To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit. It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
 We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base. 
 The Role Responsibilities 
 Monitoring and Situational Awareness: 
 
 Receive and Respond to critical alerts from Client Journey monitoring systems, 
 Trigger the Major Incident Management process if necessary. 
 Review dashboard and monitoring effectiveness. 
 Lead initiatives for continuous improvement of monitoring tools and processes. 
 Keep abreast of planned system changes, business campaigns and economic, political, social and environmental factors to facilitate implementation of mitigating measures and rapid response to technology issues that may arise. 
 Use situational knowledge to correlate system anomalies with potential situational causes. 
 
 Relationship Management: 
 
 Build rapport with key business (particularly Client Care Centre) management, and Country Technology Management teams. 
 Develop a deep understanding of the business and client experience to facilitate triage of incident reports, communication, and identification of work arounds and contingency arrangements. 
 
 Incident Management: 
 
 Triage incident reports to assess actual or potential client / business impact. 
 Trigger the Major Incident Management process for incidents impacting clients 
 Assess the Priority of incidents according to the agreed Priority Matrix. 
 Act as an overall Situation Manager to ensure the right resources are mobilized and that incident investigation and resolution is progressing effectively. 
 Manage incident bridges to ensure technology responders are able to effectively work towards resolution and non-technology stakeholders are given proper updates on impact, work arounds, status and progress without interrupting resolution activities. 
 
 Communication 
 
 Communicate effectively to key stakeholders across the organization including senior business, country, risk, and technology stakeholders to keep them informed about the impact and status of ongoing technology incidents. 
 Operate an Incident Dashboard to provide on-demand status updates for ongoing technology incidents. 
 Primary party to keep business stakeholders updated on the incident resolution progress, gather impact details, and coordinate business contingency arrangements. 
 Operate a group chat channel and facilitate Business Bridge to provide real time updates to key stakeholders. 
 
 Knowledge Management 
 
 Follow up with support teams post service resumption to ensure root cause is identified and preventive measures implemented to avoid recurrences. 
 Attend RCA (Root Cause Analysis) discussions to ensure lessons learned are recorded particularly in regard to monitoring, mobilization, response, and recovery action improvements. 
 Responsible for knowledge management, ensure that resolution steps, preventive actions etc. are well documented and kept for future reference. 
 Collect business impact details for sharing with relevant stakeholders 
 Ensure outage and impact details are recorded accurately in source systems such as Remedy - to ensure timeliness and accuracy of reporting. 
 Facilitate reporting on incident trends and thematic analysis. 
 
 SRE / Problem Management 
 
 Trigger and attend RCA discussions & share lessons learned in terms of incident detection, mobilization, diagnosis, and recovery. 
 Conduct debrief discussions (lite RCA process) for Low priority incidents when required. 
 Responsible for identifying and providing feedback and prioritization assistance to Production Support and SRE teams. 
 Identify areas of improvement in monitoring, housekeeping and capacity planning to proactively avoid incidents, and where applicable, assist in the development, testing and implementation of software solutions. 
 Contribute to the identification and documentation of failure points using tools like FEMA (Failure Mode Effects Analysis), Jira, etc. 
 
 Our Ideal Candidate 
 
 Bachelor degree with knowledge in Information technology. 
 Solid IT experience. Banking domain is desirable. 
 Hands on software engineering / development experience and / or support experience in areas of application support, network engineering or unix administration. Banking domain is desirable. 
 Good knowledge on Monitoring tools such as ITRS, BMC, Splunk, ELK, AppDynamics etc. 
 Good knowledge of Java, J2EE, Oracle, WaaS, MQ and Unix technologies and familiarity with key cloud concepts is a plus. 
 Proven experience in co-ordination of many dependencies and multiple demanding stakeholders in a complex, large-scale international environment 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills, ability to interact with business representatives and senior management. 
 Familiar with Agile methodologies and tools such as Jira. 
 Familiar with SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) concepts 
 Knowledge of ITIL - good to Have. 
 Basic understanding of network topologies and concepts such as LAN, WAN and Firewalls 
 Experience with Remedy, or Service Now is a plus. 
 
 Apply now to join the Bank for those with big career ambitions. 
 To view information on our benefits including our flexible working please visit our career pages . We welcome conversations on flexible working. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 9604541 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at Standard Chartered Bank 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Content Strategist 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Optical Manufacturing Engineer 
 __  Bandon, Oregon 
 
 
 Hardin Optical Company 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Senior Sales Engineer / Key Account Manager 
 __  San Jose, California 
 
 
 Hubner Photonics Inc. 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
