
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Culdesac (S18) 
 We build cities for people, not cars. 
 Business Operations 
 
 Location 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Culdesac 
 We're the first post-car real estate developer, and our goal is to build the first car-free city in the US. We're starting with the first car-free neighborhood built from scratch - that's Culdesac Tempe, a 1000-person neighborhood. 
 We use our diverse skills to create beautiful harmony between tech, real estate, and mobility. Join our team! 
 About the role 
 Culdesac is growing our team and looking for a Business Operations Intern to help with our mission. Our goal is to build the first car-free city in the US. We're starting with the first car-free neighborhood built from scratch - that's Culdesac Tempe, a 1000-person neighborhood. 
 Business Operations at Culdesac is a high impact role where you will have the ability to help shape the direction of the company. This is a cross-functional, multi-disciplinary role. You'll lead or support various initiatives based on the needs of the business. Your role is to be an effective generalist. You ramp up quickly in this fast-paced, growing environment. You solve problems. And you empower others to do their best work. The prototypical background for bizops is consulting, finance, or another startup. But we have seen successful bizops candidates come from everywhere. 
 Here's a post  from one of our founders on recruiting Opendoor's original bizops team. It gives some more context on how we think about bizops talent. 
 How you will make an impact: 
 
 You will drive strategic company alignment on cross-functional topics 
 You have a strong focus on business development, building strong relationships, and influencing and motivating others 
 You will drive day to day operations and thrive off making the business run smoother 
 You will lead creation, identification, and analysis of key metrics to drive business insights 
 You explore and analyze new growth opportunities 
 You will create and deliver compelling presentations 
 Finally, you are willing to roll-up your sleeves and do whatever is required to make this the journey of a lifetime! 
 
 How you will be successful: 
 
 You are a driven, ambitious person with an innate sense of humility 
 You have prior experience in finance/consulting/startup preferred 
 You have top-notch written and oral communication skills 
 You have the ability to think strategically and analytically 
 You thrive in a fast-paced environment, eager to lend a hand where needed. 
 You have the ability to communicate and work effectively with all types of people, bringing creativity and fun but also able to take control and call the shots when needed. 
 You are passionate about positively impacting company culture and employee engagement. 
 You can juggle many complex projects, all with strict deadlines, simultaneously 
 
 Why you'll love being part of the Culdesac Team : 
 
 
 We work as a team: We are inclusive, drawing on the strengths of people who bring a different perspective. We find ways to work together that overcome disciplinary and geographic separations. 
 
 
 We are driven, humble, and ambitious: Our mission is to build cities for people, not cars. We are doing this through hard work, asking for feedback along the way, and seeing our work through to the end, including the last 10%. 
 
 
 We have a caring, supportive, and honest culture: We get to know one another, we support our community together, we have fun together, we even have Culdesac talent shows! 
 
 
 We are revolutionizing the real estate landscape: Are you ready to be part of this transformation? 
 
 
 Strong preference for individuals prioritizing a lifestyle leveraging public transportation, micro mobility, and other alternatives to private cars. 
 Technology 
 We're using Django, GraphQL, Apollo, React, and Typescript to build top-notch property management and mobility solutions for our future residents. 
 We're looking for talented engineers who can scope, implement, and ship complex engineering projects on time. Contact us if you're excited about the opportunity to create and own Culdesac's technical roadmap! 
 Other jobs at Culdesac 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Business Operations Intern  
 intern 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 Junior and above 
 Director of Real Estate 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Real Estate Development Fellow 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Real Estate Development Lead 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Business Operations  
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
