Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Tips to Get Along with Your Boss 
 Sarah Brooks    26th December    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Tips%20to%20Get%20Along%20with%20Your%20Boss%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Favoid-conflict%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Work environments  create strange bedfellows, bringing people together from all walks of life. 
 And while individual job roles are clearly delineated, the whole team is essentially working on the same project — keeping the organization viable. 
 As a result, harmony is essential for maximizing  productivity  and keeping job satisfaction high. 
 Given the diverse representation in the workforce and the wide range of personalities striving to accomplish organizational goals,  conflict  between workers arises as a natural part of doing business. 
 The keys to successful operational management and maintaining peak output is resolving conflict in productive ways. 
 Developing positive relationships with coworkers and supervisors makes your  job easier  in the long run and keeps you on track with the rest of the team. When in doubt, use these proven approaches to avoid conflict with your boss. 
 1. Empathize with His or Her Position 
 Every employee is subject to demands and directives handed-down from superiors — including  your boss . And though your responsibilities are different, you and your direct supervisors share some of the same concerns on the job. 
 To maintain a  positive relationship  with your boss, empathize with his or her position, rather than pointing out differences between your job and your boss'. Though employees need to protect their own interests as well, there is nothing wrong with letting your boss know you understand some of the strains he or she faces. 
 2. Be a Team Player 
 Managers are charged with  maximizing productivity  among team members, so when work assignments seem unreasonable, it is simply your boss doing his or her job. 
 To avoid conflict and stand out as a good employee, commit to the team and maintain flexibility achieving organizational goals. Even when  extra hours  or added responsibilities are piled-on to your workload, respond with a team mentality and approach. 
 3. Make the Most of Resources 
 Despite their roles as motivators, bosses work with limited resources. To illustrate your high level of  commitment  and stay in good graces with your boss, squeeze the most out of available resources. 
 It isn't necessarily bad to ask for additional resources when productivity is at stake, but placing unnecessary demands on your boss leads to friction and conflict, which can be awkward to resolve. 
 On the other hand, generating  high output  with available resources impacts the bottom line in a positive way and sets the stage for smooth sailing within the employment hierarchy. 
 4. Take Your Time 
 To the extent it's possible, fully reflecting before making on-the-job  decisions  leads to better outcomes. And though time is at a premium, due diligence is essential for negotiating and implementing business solutions. 
 Acting in haste, on the other hand, often leaves one party or the other feeling slighted. To maintain stable relationships with your bosses, analyze each situation as it presents, seeking  collaboration  with coworkers and superiors. 
 Remain flexible to compromise and be the one who  gets things done , rather than the squeaky wheel. 
 5. Communicate Effectively 
 Communication is at the heart of business relationships, so sharing  ideas  effectively is essential to being understood within your organization. More often than not, when conflict arises between managers and staff, there is a communication issue at hand. 
 Especially in today's marketplace, where communications are primarily electronic, it is imperative to nurture  efficient communication  between staff members at all levels. 
 You are your best advocate setting up a workable approach, so take a proactive stance facilitating effective communication with your boss. 
 -- 
 Whenever people interact, there is potential for conflict to arise.  Work relationships  in particular, are subject to clashes based on diverse backgrounds and competing points of view. 
 Avoiding conflict with your boss requires a team approach, effective communication and empathy for your boss's position. By making the most of resources and compromising for the greater good, you'll enjoy the best possible relationships with coworkers — including  your boss . 
 (   Photo   by Highways Agency /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 avoid conflict (1) 
 
 
 Communication (89) 
 
 
 conflict (2) 
 
 
 how to avoid conflict (1) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Sarah Brooks  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 This is a guest post by Sarah Brooks from  Freepeoplesearch.org . She is a Houston based freelance writer and blogger. For questions and comments, you can [email her](mailto:brooks.sarah23 @ gmail.com). 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     MacPromo: The Ultimate Deal on Mac Time-Saving Apps  
  _ _     Blog Action Day 2010: How to Save Water One Work Day at a Time  
  _ _     A Mobile Lifestyle for a Smoother Work Life  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
