Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Field Case Manager - British Columbia (Vancouver area) - Nurse 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
3189 Grandview Highway, Vancouver, British Columbia, V5M 2E9 
 Take ownership and find more ways to care about our local store owners in a career at Shoppers Drug Mart Central Office / Store Support. Provide great service, specific expertise and actionable advice to support Associate-Owners and their staff in delivering the best health, beauty and convenience services to Canadians. 
 Why this role is important? 
 FIELD CASE MANAGER - Vancouver Area, British Columbia 
 Why work at Specialty Health Network? 
 Specialty Health Network (or SHN, as we call ourselves) is a growing division of Shoppers Drug Mart, with a strong entrepreneurial spirit. We pride ourselves in having an awesome work culture and fun environment! We offer competitive salaries, a great benefit package, Shoppers Drug Mart discount, Goodlife gym discount, RRSP/Pension plans, Employee share ownership plan, professional training and development and many more perks! 
 Shoppers Drug Mart was acquired by Loblaw in 2014, the largest employer in Canada – making your career opportunities within our larger organization - endless! 
 Basic Function 
 Working remotely on the Dermatology Field Program, the Case Manager is responsible for a collaborative process of ongoing assessment, planning, facilitation, service coordination, evaluation, and advocacy to meet the patient /physician/client needs through flawless customer service. The Case Manager will deliver through expert communication skills and available resources, quality and cost effective treatment outcomes for the patient. The remote Case Manager will work directly with the reimbursement team to help secure drug coverage. 
 Nature and Scope 
 The Dermatology Field Case Manager will maintain a patient case load providing: disease state, molecule education and training to patients and care-givers, service coordination, in-clinic and telephone support, monitoring of adherence, and side effect management. Building strong working relationships, collaboration, effective communication and attention to detail both internally and externally are key responsibilities to meet specific team and business objectives. In addition, the Case Manager will attend pre-booked training sessions, complete self-learning assignments and independent studies while adhering to SDM Specialty Health Network Standard Operating Procedures, Policies, and the College of Nurses Standards of Practice. 
 What you will do: 
Responsible for assigned dermatology patient case load 
Act as the primary resource & contact for patients, physicians, Health Care Professionals and vendors. 
Coordinates & facilitates the client progress from enrollment and throughout therapy 
Ensure thorough documentation in patient file to ensure continuity of care is maintained and that any changes in patient care are clearly identified and transitioned accordingly 
Provide status updates related to reimbursement; patient training requirements; pharmacy dispensing/ delivery/refill requests 
Responsible for the collection and reporting of adverse events, product complaints, and product replacements. Promotes communication and coordination between the MDs/pharma/patients/clinic staff and other departments within SDM Specialty Health Network 
Provide in-clinic training & build relationships on behalf of the program 
Work collaboratively with the Pharma company representatives 
Respect confidentiality, advocate for patients/families to facilitate positive outcomes, and ensure that ethical issues are identified and resolved according to the Canadian Nurses Association Code of Ethics 
Demonstrate commitment to Continuous Quality Improvement 
Maintain high standards of professional practice by adhering to the ethics of the profession and keeping abreast of the latest professional advances 
Assume responsibility for personal and professional development 
Other responsibilities as required by SDM Specialty Health Network 
 What you will need: 
Registered Nurse with a current, unrestricted license in the province of employment. BScN preferred, however, a combination of experience and education will be considered 
Five or more years direct clinical experience Dermatology biologic experience is an asset, Specialty biologic strongly preferred 
Knowledge of case management processes Recent experience with Patient Support Programs (PSP) 
Demonstrated customer/account focus and consistently deliver on the PSP value proposition 
Fluently bilingual in both written and spoken languages is an asset (French & English) 
Strong telephony skills 
Demonstrated leadership experience and ability to work under pressure 
Ability to provide an organized, efficient approach to case management 
Possession of excellent skills in assessment, communication, critical thinking and decision making 
Ability to demonstrate understanding of SDM Specialty Health Network policies, legal considerations and professional ethics 
 Proficiency of computer skills including:  Microsoft applications (Outlook, Word, Excel and Internet Explorer); experience with web based applications (Oracle; Seibel) 
Ability to adapt to a changing environment 
Commitment to the principle of quality client-centered service delivery 
Knowledge of theory and implementation of Continuous Quality Improvement processes 
Valid driver’s license 
 #Ll-KM1 
 Why work at Shoppers Drug Mart? 
 Acting as consultants, supporting internal customers and the Associate-Owners, you will get experience unique to the retail industry while working for an award-winning national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your work, co-workers, customers and community. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. , we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
