Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Resource Pharmacist, Pharmacy Services - Full Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is a large community hospital with two sites – Markham and Uxbridge that has a reputation for excellence in progressive community care. The hospital is uniquely positioned with cutting edge technology, expansive new facilities and a supportive and welcoming community. With a focus on patient experience, safe, high quality care and innovation, our dedicated team of physicians, staff and volunteers provides care to over 300,000 patients a year. The hospital has capacity to grow a number of programs and services as we evolve to meet the needs of our growing community. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who strives for excellence within your profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and cultural and spiritual beliefs of others 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
The Resource pharmacist will provide leadership to pharmacists and pharmacy technicians to ensure that they are working to their full scope of practice. This may include: 
 Standardizing and optimizing the clinical practice of pharmacists by developing and improving assessment and care planning tools including clinical documentation 
Providing guidance on clinical practice changes and develop and implement policies, procedures and processes to comply with all regulatory and accreditation standards. 
Contributing to medication related policy and procedure development, advising on and improving safe and evidence-based medication practices and participating in quality improvement initiatives. 
 The Resource pharmacist will act as a liaison with other healthcare professionals relating to medications and pharmacy best practices 
 They will provide leadership and expertise to optimize patient outcomes through participation in pharmacy and medication related departmental and organizational committees and projects that are strategically aligned with the goals of the organization. 
 Compensation: 
 Band E:  $41.74-$54.90 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Current registration with a Ontario College of Pharmacists, Part A licence 
Advanced degree in Health management (Masters or equivalent) preferred 
Pharmacy residency, post baccalaureate Pharm D or equivalent preferred 
Current membership in Canadian Society of Hospital pharmacist. 
Minimum 5 years as clinical pharmacist in a hospital setting with practical and related experience 
Leadership experience an asset 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Exceptional clinical knowledge and presentation skills 
Demonstrated ability to identify and problem solve potential issues 
Demonstrated ability to support process improvement and change initiatives 
Demonstrated ability to act as a resource, role model, mentor and coach 
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with colleagues 
Demonstrated ability to promote and support effective team building with all inter-professional members of the team 
Demonstrated commitment to continuing professional development 
Computer proficiency in Microsoft Office, Meditech, electronic medical records an asset 
A strong desire and capacity to promote excellence in pharmacy professional practice 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrated commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
