Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Intern, Asset Management, Retail 
 Ivanhoe Cambridge 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 4-month internship (Full time) to start May 4, 2020 
Aim higher. Go further. Make a difference. 
 Are you looking for: 
A thriving company that continues to solidify its status as a responsible real estate investor and global leader? 
Colleagues who will challenge and push your talents to the top of their potential? 
An opportunity to help shape the cities of tomorrow? 
 Our Asset Management, Retail team is searching for an intern who will make a difference and contribute to our ambitious goals. 
 Join our network! 
 WHAT THIS CHALLENGE IS ABOUT 
 The intern assists the Retail team in fulfilling its asset and investment management responsibilities. Duties include the following: 
 Perform various revenue analyses and assess impacts on the property values of Canadian shopping centres; 
Contribute to drawing up the 2020 budget and attend budget meetings; 
Help prepare presentations for senior management; 
Participate in the project to implement the new asset management system (data modelling, analysis, transfer and validation); 
Carry out any other related tasks as assigned by the immediate supervisor or as required to provide support to the team. 
 What we’re looking for 
Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in administration, finance, accounting or valuation or another relevant program (one year completed); 
Fluency in written and spoken French and English; 
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office suite; 
Proactive, detail-oriented and a quick learner; 
Team player, effective communicator, outgoing, dynamic, organized and independent. 
 If you are interested in this challenge, please submit your resume. 
 Ivanhoé Cambridge develops and invests in high-quality real estate properties, projects and companies that are shaping the urban fabric in dynamic cities around the world. It does so responsibly, with a view to generate long-term performance. Ivanhoé Cambridge is committed to creating living spaces that foster the well-being of people and communities, while reducing its environmental footprint. 
 Vertically integrated in Canada, Ivanhoé Cambridge invests internationally alongside strategic partners and major real estate funds that are leaders in their markets. Through subsidiaries and partnerships, the Company holds interests in more than 1,000 buildings, primarily in the industrial and logistics, office, residential and retail sectors. Ivanhoé Cambridge held close to C$65 billion in real estate assets as at December 31, 2018 and is a real estate subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (cdpq.com), one of Canada's leading institutional fund managers. For more information: ivanhoecambridge.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
