Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Research Assistant - Radiation Oncology, Sunnybrook Research Institute (SB01152020) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We currently have an opportunity for a Temporary Full-time, 1 year term with option to renewClinical Research Assistant in Sunnybrook Research Institute. 
 The Radiogenomics Laboratory at the Odette Cancer Centre is seeking a temporary full-time clinical research assistant to coordinate data collection for multiple projects and assist with grants writing and submission. The clinical research assistant will conduct patient recruitment and work closely with the principal investigator to manage day-to-day operations. The ideal candidate must demonstrate strong organizational and multi-tasking skills, strong problem-solving capability, and have experience with patient interaction. 
 Our lab is focused on furthering our understanding of breast cancer by developing new diagnostic methodologies and improving on current imaging modalities. In particular, we are interested in machine learning and image processing. The ideal candidate must demonstrate interest in data science. 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
Master’s degree in basic sciences or health-related field preferred 
1 – 2 years of experience in a clinical research setting 
Previous experience with preparing grant submissions required 
Previous experience with REB submissions required 
Excellent computer skills, including the ability to quickly learn new software tools, is essential. 
Excellent in-person, telephone and email communication skills are essential. 
Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task. 
Familiarity with health research and database management is preferred. 
Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. 
 Applicants must be highly motivated and are expected to be independent and able to work in a diverse and collaborative research environment. Applicants must demonstrate a strong interest in clinical research and data science. The ideal clinical research assistant must be comfortable in communicating and interacting with patients as well as with different types of staff members, including physicians, nurses, and scientists. In accordance with Canadian Employment and Immigration guidelines, applicants must be eligible to work in Canada. 
 Qualified applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to Dr. William Tran at radiogenomics@sunnybrook.ca, with the subject line “Clinical Research Assistant”. We thank all candidates for their interest, but only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
