
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Electrical Designer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Electrical Designer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Electrical%20Designer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14306832/electrical-designer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 14, 2021 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science--from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Organizational Overview 
 The mission of the Collider-Accelerator Department (C-AD) is to develop, improve and operate the suite of particle / heavy ion accelerators used to carry out the program of accelerator-based experiments at Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL); to support the experimental program including design, construction and operation of the beam transports to the experiments, plus support of detector and research needs of the experiments; to design and construct new accelerator facilities in support of the BNL and national missions. The C-AD department supports an international user community of over 1,500 scientists. The department performs all these functions in an environmentally-responsible and safe manner, under a rigorous conduct of operations approach. 
 Position Description 
 The C-AD has an opening for an Electrical Designer in the Design and Documentation Group. Under the technical direction of the group leader and the assigned engineer/scientist, the selected candidate will design and provide fabrication drawings for printed circuit boards and other components used for the particle accelerators using computer-aided design software. Assignments are usually on a project basis, so the candidate must be able to exercise a high degree of initiative and judgment to plan, coordinate, and perform their design efforts working with a diverse and international scientific community. **** 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Create accurate and detailed printed circuit boards and library components to the IEEE-STD 315 standard 
 Perform electrical design functions independently with general direction and review by an electrical engineer or scientist 
 With the support of electrical engineers, will interpret and create drawings of circuit card assemblies, wiring diagrams, electrical schematics, and create and maintain standard library electronic parts 
 
 Position Requirements 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Requires a technical institute or associate degree in a related scientific or engineering field 
 Requires a minimum of six (6) years full time relevant work experience, with demonstrated competency using designing precision analog, RF and high-speed digital multi-layer printed circuit boards (PCB) 
 Experience with Mentor Graphic, PADS, Altium, and/or Allegro Cadence 
 Clear and concise technical communication skills for close communication with engineers, reporting changes and modifications and with technical staff who install and maintain equipment 
 Must be able to review and check the PCB and fabrication drawings of other design group personnel 
 Experience with Microsoft Office 
 Excellent interpersonal and time management skills 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Ability to follow ANSI Y32.2 IEEE-STD 315 and ASME Y14.5, as well as laboratory standards for schematic design, circuit board layout, fabrication, and assembly 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Outlook) 
 Experience with AutoCAD is a plus 
 
 Other: 
 
 Visa sponsorship for this position is not available 
 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical Plans 
 Dental Plans 
 Vacation 
 Holidays 
 Life Insurance 
 401(k) Plan 
 Retirement Plan 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Swimming Pool, Weight Room, Tennis Courts, and many other employee perks and benefits 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2494 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral positions in Biomedical Optics 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 Optical Micromechanics Lab -Wellman Center at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hosp 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (In Vivo Microscopy) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Optical Coherence Tomography) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
