Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pricing/Signage Coordinator 
 Lowe's 
 __Concord, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The primary function of the Pricing and Signage Coordinator is to ensure all merchandise prices are displayed correctly by performing price reviews, maintaining pricing signage inside and outside of the store, and following guidelines on price changes. This includes auditing and reviewing special order books, ordering any missing items or new inserts, and reviewing and completing all Lowe's system tasks. The Pricing and Signage Coordinator is responsible for greeting and acknowledging all customers in a friendly, professional manner and providing quick, responsive customer service. The Pricing and Signage Coordinator is expected to monitor the store for potential security risks and to adhere to Loss Prevention safety requirements. Lastly, the Pricing and Signage Coordinator is responsible for completing all other duties as assigned. Requires morning, afternoon, and evening availability any day of the week. Required to work a schedule as determined by sales, customer, and business needs, but may be changed by store management based on the needs of the store. Requests to be scheduled off for a specific day require advanced notification and approval by supervisor. Hourly Full Time, Part Time or Seasonal: Generally scheduled 40, 24 to 30, or 0 to 40 hours per week respectively; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store. This position reports to an Assistant Store Manager and takes daily direction from a Department Manager. This position does not have direct reports. 
 Job Requirements 
 Ability to read, write, and perform basic arithmetic (addition, subtraction). 
6 months experience with price integrity/audit. 
6 months experience with Lowe's. 
Lifts up to 40 pounds daily without assistance; may lift up to 100 pounds with or without assistance. 
The Pricing/Signage Coordinator may be required to perform job activities, with appropriate intermittent relief where applicable, under difficult work conditions such as in extreme cold, heat, inclement weather, at heights, while exposed to constant/intermittent sounds (if applicable). 
Lowe’s Canada is an inclusive employer. If selected for an interview, please advise our Human Resources team if you require accommodation during the interview and assessment process and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs. 
 Work Conditions 
 pricing coordinator full time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
