Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 15 Websites For Freelance Writing Jobs 
 
 Bridget 
  __ November 9, 2020   
 
 Freelance writing jobs offer some of the best ways to make money as a stay at home mom. I know this because I've successfully worked as a freelance writer for over eight years. 
 One of the many reasons that freelance writing is ideal, is because it allows you the freedom and flexibility to work whenever you want.  You don't need a degree  to succeed in this online job. Plus, the earning potential is unlimited. Some of these writing websites will even allow you to  write and get paid instantly . 
 Once you've decided that you’re ready to delve into the world of  freelance writing , you need to find actual clients. You’re free to set up shop on your own and send out cold pitches (which is an excellent, tried-and-true method for finding high-paying work), or you can find work on one of the many websites designed for helping people find freelance writing jobs. 
 Generally, these websites where you’ll find freelance writing work are divided into two categories: content writing service providers and job boards. 
 This post may   contain affiliate links, which means I may receive a small commission, at no cost to you, if you make a purchase through a link. 
 Content Writing Service Providers 
 A content writing service provider contracts with the client and then hires freelancers to complete all the work. Depending on the particular company's structure, you may or may not have direct communication with the client. When you write for one of these providers, your work is often edited and reviewed by another person before it's sent along to the client. The content provider receives payment from the client, and then pays you, the freelancer a cut. 
 Advantages of Content Writing Service Providers: 
 
 You have more flexibility to work only when you’re able 
 Most (or all) of the client communication is handled by an outside party 
 An excellent way for first-time writers to gain some experience 
 The chances are higher that you’ll have a steady stream of work with little effort on your part 
 High likelihood of consistent, regular payment 
 
 Disadvantages of Content Writing Service Providers: 
 
 The pay may be low (very low, depending on the provider and your experience level) 
 You are subject to outside editing and the requirements of the writing provider 
 
 I want to add that not all content providers are equal. While some pay peanuts for your hard work and really aren’t worth your time, others have excellent payouts. 
 I’ve had extremely good success writing for some content providers, and done work for big corporations that would have been very difficult for me to score on my own. 
 The more freelance writing work you do, the more you’ll be able to build your portfolio and leverage your talent to gain those high-paying jobs. 
 Job Boards 
 Job boards are just what they sound like – general listings where you can apply directly for freelance writing jobs with companies. With this system, each company sets its own standards and is free to hire whomever they choose. 
 Advantages of Freelance Job Boards: 
 
 There is no middle-man, which often means a higher payout for you 
 Potential to directly impress a client, which can lead to more work 
 You have more control and are your own boss 
 
 Disadvantages of Freelance Job Boards: 
 
 You may need a substantial portfolio before you find much work 
 You have less recourse if a client refuses to pay 
 You need to complete client orders no matter what, which means you lose some flexibility in picking and choosing when to work 
 You may need to be available for client phone calls, video conferences, etc. 
 
 Since there are pros and cons of each type of freelance writing site, I recommend that you try your hand at both. 
 It’s always helpful to have your eggs in more than one basket – which means working for more than one client at a time. That increases your chance of consistent income. 
 No matter where you're looking for jobs, you'll need to do some prep work first. That means putting together your website or portfolio, gathering sample work, and even getting testimonials if you are able. 
 When you’re ready to dive in, here are some of the best spots for finding freelance writing jobs: 
 1. Crowd Content 
 Crowd Content  has a wide variety of writing assignments available, for all levels. As a writer, you’ll be given a rank based on your experience and capability, and you are then able to choose between open orders or managed projects. This platform pays out twice a week, which is excellent if you need cash fast. 
 2. Writerbay.com 
 Applying as a freelance writer on  Writerbay  is as simple as filling out an application, taking a grammar test, and submitting a sample. You do need at least a Bachelor’s Degree to write at this site. Once approved, you’ll be able to start picking up work. 
 3. Textbroker 
 If you’re accepted as a writer at  Textbroker , you’ll be given a ranking depending on the quality of your writing. You’ll then be able to access the job board and pick up any assignments available for your rank. You do have the chance to move up (or down) in ranking if you consistently do a good job. 
 4. Online Writing Jobs 
 Online Writing Jobs  has been hiring freelance writers since 2006. In order to work on this platform, you’ll need to complete an application and submit a writing sample. 
 5. iWriter 
 To start writing at  iWriter , you’ll first need to fill out a simple application. If you pass the test and are accepted, you’ll be able to start choosing articles to write. Like some of the other platforms, you have the chance to move up in rank (and pay) if you provide quality work. 
 6. Constant Content 
 Constant Content  hires writers to fulfill content needs for a wide range of businesses and organizations, including some very well-known brands. This platform is a little different in that it offers you the ability to make money in one of two ways: fulfill custom content requests from clients, or sell written in their online catalog at a price you set. 
 7. Media Bistro 
 Media Bistro  has a nice selection of job listings for freelancers. Make sure that the position you’re applying to is “remote,” or “work from home,” as you’ll also find in-house positions on this site. 
 8. FreelanceWriting.com 
 Freelancewriting.com  is a compilation of writing jobs sourced from across the internet. It’s a good one-stop-shop for freelance writing jobs of all levels. If you’re looking to brush up on your skills, the site also has an entire section with articles and resources aimed at helping new writers. 
 9. Flexjobs 
 FlexJobs  is a one-stop-shop for all kinds of freelance jobs. Filter the available jobs based on your needs, availability, experience, and more. You can also sign up for alerts so that you’re notified of any new postings that match your search criteria. 
 10. Genuine Jobs 
 If you don’t mind scrolling through a variety of job opportunities, head to  Genuine Jobs . Here you’ll find a number of positions available to freelance writers looking to work from home. 
 11. Behance Jobs 
 I firmly believe that every freelancer should have her own website, but if you don’t yet have a platform to showcase your work, check out  Behance . Powered by Adobe, Behance allows you to create your own portfolio so you can attract potential clients. 
 The platform also has a job board which tends to attract many clients looking for design work, but you'll also find freelance writing jobs here from time to time. 
 12. JournalismJobs.com 
 JournalismJobs.com  is an excellent resource if you have prior journalism experience and are looking to work directly with the client. Many news outlets and major organizations use this platform to find quality talent. 
 Here you’ll find a mixture of both in-house and remote freelancing jobs, so be sure to read the fine print carefully before applying for a certain position. 
 13. BloggingPro 
 If you want to focus primarily on blogging, check out the work available on  BloggingPro . Here you’ll find various companies and organizations looking to hire writers to provide content for their blogs. 
 14. Freelancer.com 
 At  Freelancer.com , you can browse a variety of jobs and then bid on any that interest you. The client is then free to choose the bidder they are most interested in. 
 Clients are also able to see the freelancers on the platform and are free to offer to hire someone directly, so it’s important to put some thought and effort into your profile. 
 15. ProBlogger 
 ProBlogger  is another site that compiles job listings from a variety of companies, many who are looking for blog or article writing for their websites. 
 This list offers plenty of options to get you started, it’s by no means exhaustive. Almost every company or organization needs help with their content needs, and freelance writers are often the ones to provide it. Once you've gotten underway with one or more of these freelance writing jobs, you'll find you can enjoy a steady stream of work, all while you're doing what you love - staying at home and raising your kids. 
 Top   Tool To Help You Become a Better Writer 
 Even the best among us can stand for a little improvement. 
 When it comes to writing, the one tool I highly recommend is  Grammarly  (I've been writing online for 10 years, and I still use it!). 
 This online tool automatically tells you if you make any errors as you write. It's been invaluable for me as I provide freelance writing services to some top-notch clients. I always want to make sure that my writing is the very best! 
 Grammarly has both a free and a paid version available.  Click here  to download this life-saving tool and ensure that your writing is the best it can be! 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
