Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Bio 
 CV 
 Films 
 New Media 
 Shorts 
 Stage 
 TV 
 
 The Jobbing Scriptwriter 
 making ALL the mistakes so you don't have to 
 Career Path 
 <- Older posts 
 #̶P̶h̶o̶n̶e̶P̶h̶i̶l̶l̶ #PhoneDanny - Conversation #̶1̶8̶ #1: Danny Stack (Full Circle) 
 Posted on  Friday, 12 January, 2018  by  phillbarron 
 I have questions, damn it! Questions which need answers.* And who should you turn to when you have questions? 
 No, not him. Why,  Danny Stack  of course. 
 Danny Stack is a UK scriptwriter who mainly focuses on children's scripts. He's written for things like Octonauts and Thunderbirds as well as co-creating the UK Scriptwriters podcast and co-directing the feature film Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg? 
 He's also the reason  #PhonePhill  exists at all, seeing as it was his  impromptu phone call  which got me wondering who else I might like to talk to. Hell, he's the reason this blog exists in the first place.† 
 Danny is a grafter, finding new and innovative ways to promote himself and to help all of us. Always moving forward, always breaking new ground and exploring new avenues, both on his own and with his partner in crime  Tim Clague . 
 A while back Danny positioned himself as a children's scriptwriter as opposed to an all-rounder, and found he's been steadily employed ever since. 
 Last year I wrote a kids' feature film which got partially shot before falling apart (which seems to happen to me a lot) and has left me with a completed script (which is mine, I own the rights) and about half an hour of footage (which belongs to the director). There's something in the idea I really like and the footage shot seems to lend itself more towards a kids' TV series than a film … so that's what I wanted to chat to Danny about. 
 What should I do with it? 
 As ever, Danny was friendly and helpful and insightful and used a term to describe the kind of writers we both are which was hilarious, apt and completely and utterly unrepeatable in public. 
 Danny's advice and extremely useful and had me thinking about the project in new ways - this is exactly what I wanted from him. Not help, not a leg up or for him to do the work for me, just a brief chat about the kinds of things I could do and the kinds of places/people who might be interested. 
 For me there are two universal lessons to be learned here: 
 
 Make friends with other writers. Seek them out, be nice to them, help them when you can. Sideways networking is important - expect nothing from them and only keep in touch if you genuinely like them - but build that support network. It's invaluable. 
 Pick a genre and stick to it. I think most writers naturally want to write a little bit of everything. We all enjoy a wide range of entertainment and like to think we can be good at all of it … but typecasting helps. Be the goto person for that thing and reap the benefits of being known as 'good at …' We can always write our way out of the pigeonhole if we get bored. 
 
 If you want to know what Danny (and Tim) is (are) up to, then you can see details here:  nelsonnutmegpictures.com/projects 
 If you haven't listened to the UK Scriptwriters' podcast then you can do so  here . 
 And if you want more advice and insight than any one man should be able to deliver in a lifetime whilst holding down a career, then you can check out his  website/blog . 
 If, on the other hand, you just fancy a chat with me, then drop me an email at the address in the sidebar and we'll arrange a time to call/skype/bang on the pipes in adjoining cells. 
 
 
 Are there any other kind? 
 
 † I've told the tale many times, but basically back in 2006 I was wondering why I kept hearing his name when I hadn't seen anything he'd written, discovered he had a blog, what a blog was and thought I'd give it a go. 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  Someone Else's Way  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  advice ,  Danny Stack ,  friends ,  Kids' TV ,  Nelson Nutmeg  |  Leave a comment 
 #PhonePhill – Conversation #14: Calum Chalmers (The Revenge) 
 Posted on  Thursday, 17 March, 2016  by  phillbarron 
 Hello, what have you been up to? I've been chatting to  Calum Chalmers  (again) who's still a lovely writer-director type chappy. Calum was the first (sort of) ever  #PhonePhill  in April last year, proving this talk-to-a-stranger-malarkey* might just actually work. Last time, we spoke about this  sort of thing . 
 This time we spoke about many, many things over the course of about two and a half hours. 
 Blimey. Was it really that long? Or did the clocks go forward midway through? Doesn't seem likely, so yeah … must have been. 
 In that long, meandering two and a half hours we covered more many, many things. Including, but not limited to: 
 
 Dealing with notes, both giving and receiving. 
 Weird behaviour from apparent professionals. 
 Bland trailers. 
 Remakes and reboots. 
 Small island/small industry. 
 Social media implosions. 
 Other stuff. 
 
 On which topics I generally feel: 
 
 I'd rather be taking notes than giving them.† 
 Just be fucking nice to each other. Why is that so difficult? 
 Trailers don't excite me any more. They might as well just be a poster informing me of the film's existence. Are trailers badly made? Or is it because most trailers I watch are for franchises which I'm probably going to go and see anyway and my enjoyment will depend entirely on the execution? This is the only trailer this year I've been excited about: 
 I don't care any more if anyone remakes anything. When they remade Bedazzled my friends hid Empire magazine from me for six months, afraid of what I might do if I found out. Now they're remaking Ghostbusters … fine, whatever. 
 See point 2. Calum and I have never met … but we know a lot of the same people. We swapped stories. Years ago I read a script he's recently optioned. It's all very incestuous … so be nice. 
 See point 5. We all get bitter or blue sometimes … keep it to yourself. Ranting about it on your network of choice is unlikely to get you any work. Quite the opposite in fact. 
 Yes. 
 
 One other thing we discussed was pigeon-holing. Should writers do it to themselves? The advice for American writers is a resounding yes. Be the go-to guy for something … you can always break out and back in again later on. 
 But does that hold true in the UK? 
 I think it does. Writing is a hard craft to master and different genres require different skill sets. Not specialising has hurt my career because when I get to the point where someone says: 
 "I like this, but don't want to make it … have you got anything similar?" 
 The answer is always: no. I've got something of equal quality but a completely different genre or medium … which is of no interest. 
 Unfortunately I've had movies produced in a variety of genres. I like switching it up every now and then. Right now I've got a political black comedy casting and a teen-vampire-sex-comedy in development. Okay, so technically they're both comedies … but they are poles apart. Ready to go I have a seriously dark moral drama film, the first film in a kid's Christmas franchise and a sword and sorcery action-adventure movie. I write what interests me at the time and … well, I shouldn't. I should specialise in something. 
 I think, perhaps, maybe … kids' TV is the place to specialise in the UK because … well, it covers everything, doesn't it? It seems to get treated as one genre despite covering drama and soap and comedy and sci-fi and horror and … stuff. At least, that's how it seems to be from the outside. Maybe writers for kid's horror finds people are resistant to them writing comedy? 
 I have no idea. I'd like to find out, maybe there's someone working in kids' TV in the UK who fancies a  #PhonePhill ? If so, I'd love to hear from you. 
 Once again I finished this conversation thinking I like Calum, he seems like a nice guy. Hopefully we'll work together one day. 
 If you fancy a natter, email me and we'll have a chat. It doesn't have to be for two and half hours, it can be for fifteen minutes. You don't have to be in the industry, you can anything or anyone … so long as you have a phone and the willingness to use it. 
 
 
 This is the first time I've ever typed the word 'malarkey' it's not spelt the way I thought it was. Unless it is and my spell check is wrong. 
 
 † Some handy note-links for you: 
 How to Deal With Notes  (a silly list) 
 Notes From The Other Side -  Part 1  (why I was giving notes),  Part 2  (how reality got it wrong),  Part 3  (a rant about things not to do when receiving notes). 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  Industry Musings ,  My Way ,  Someone Else's Way  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  being nice ,  Christmas ,  Ghostbusters ,  Kids' TV ,  Remakes  |  4 Comments 
 2015 
 Posted on  Wednesday, 30 December, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 So that was 2015. 
 No flying cars, there were hoverboards … but they didn't hover, they just set fire to people's houses. 
 Behind the scenes I had a thrilling and exciting year … but I can't really talk about it. 
 Not yet, anyway … but one day. soon. 
 This is what's immensely frustrating about being a scriptwriter - all the exciting things happen (and often die) out of the spotlight. By the time I'm allowed to talk about things (because contracts have finally been negotiated and signed) it's old news and any excitement is feigned. 
 Well, not feigned … diluted. Like having to remember how excited you were about a Christmas present you got last year when it's since been broken by the kid next door. 
 But hey, it's been a busy year with lots of stuff going on. On paper, it probably looks like not a lot … but that's just the nature of the business. I've done a few uncredited rewrites, one of which has just been released … which is a yay I can't publicly acknowledge. 
 But never mind. If I was in it for the applause, I wouldn't be a writer. 
 The rest of 2015, the bits I did talk about, went something like this: 
 JANUARY 
 Apparently all I did in January was talk about  2014 , which although it included Ghostbusters and a suspicious looking codpiece … 
 … seems a bit of a waste of a bloggy month. 
 FEBRUARY 
 Ah, hello groove I was wondering where you'd gone. 
 February was a proper blogging month full of blogs and … well, just blogs. 
 First off I tried to get you all to commit acts of  phone-related mischief  by adding 'Okay Google' phrases into scripts which would punish anyone who had their phone on in the cinema. 
 Did any of you do it? Please say someone did it. 
 Then I  defended Footloose  because … it's fucking Footloose. Footloose is awesome. 
 After succcessfully re-educating the world about the joys of '80s dance, I went on to prove  the three act structure is fine  - stop trying to reinvent the wheel, it works just fine. 
 And then I immediately explained why it  doesn't really work that well for a scriptwriter . 
 Aren't you glad you've got me around to explain these things to you? 
 MARCH 
 March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb … 
 I, on the other hand, came in with a thing about the  joy of failing  … 
 … stumbled into a  confused ramble about clichés  … 
 … mumbled something I can't be bothered to reread about  page thinking  … 
 … compared Joss Whedon to HTC and rambled about  how frustrating it must be to be either  of them … 
 … and went out with an in-depth discussing about  liars and lying for a living . 
 APRIL 
 April is where things got interesting … 
 Just not at first. First I wondered if  maybe you shouldn't really be able to point to the midpoint in a film . 
 Then I used my blog to  educate my producer  as to why he shouldn't get his hopes up about the first draft I was just about to deliver … 
 Just as it might have got interesting … I got  angry about spoilers  instead. 
 Then it got interesting. I had a  phone call  … 
 It was  Danny Stack  … and he didn't want anything except a chat. 
 Where it got interesting was it kicked off a string of phone calls between me and … well, just people. Nice people. People like  Calum Chalmers . 
 MAY 
 And it carried on with more nice people like  Robin Bell ,  Andrew Mullins  and  Dominic Carver . 
 In fact, most of May was taken up with phone calls, broken only by me trying to figure out how to write the  perfect cameo  (it worked! I wish I could tell you how well it worked … but I can't) and to celebrate my 10th wedding anniversary. 
 Oh and I went on a bit about  competition  and how much I enjoy it. 
 JUNE 
 June continued the #PhonePhill-ing bringing delightful chats with  Dee Chilton ,  Rosie Claverton  and  Rebecca Handley . 
 In fact, June was all phone calls apart from one post about  being better  and how we should all pursue knowledge as if it were a … thing. I don't know. Insert your own simile, I'm tired. 
 JULY 
 July brought yet more telephone awesomeness … 
 This time in the shape of  Mac McSharry ,  James Moran ,  Jay Sutherland  and  Terry Newman . 
 As well as yakking to people, I also (gasp!)  worked over a weekend . 
 Apparently this is so shocking to me I felt the need to blog about it. 
 I also made an uncredited appearance as Iron Man at a little boy's birthday party in a homemade, cardboard costume: 
 I enjoyed that. 
 AUGUST 
 In August I had a little panic about potentially offending someone I quite like by giving them script notes. In order to cover my anxiety, I wrote  this post  about the kind of script notes I get and how upsetting they can be … if you don't take them in the spirit they're intended. 
 Later on, I followed that post up by  giving myself notes  on an old script. 
 I also pretended a  meal/drink with some friends  was a sort of #PhonePhill episode … even though it wasn't. 
 But it did lead to this picture, which is my favourite of the year: 
 I rounded off August by highlighting my inability to  not focus on background detail . 
 SEPTEMBER 
 Man, I did a lot of blogging in 2015. Too much, some might say. 
 In September I added  one more thing  to a script and felt the need to tell everyone. 
 Then I added a  second thing  and banged on about that too. 
 I did a thing about  tokenism  and … well, I don't know what my point was there. Feel free to read it and let me know. 
 Oh, and then I added some nonsense to  Jason Arnopp's blog post about hands . 
 OCTOBER 
 I kicked off October by contrasting  Rose Tyler with Jurassic Park  … which, you know, is clearly two different things and  needs  a blog explaining why. 
 And then … the  future arrived ! 
 I meant to take a photo of myself with my trousers on inside out … but I didn't. Possibly because I don't think I wore any in October. 
 Instead of wearing trousers, I watched some videos about  deleted scenes  from all three Star Wars films: 
 I say three because I'm a prequel denier. At that point I was adamant there were only three Star Wars films. Now, of course, there's been another half of a Star Wars film. 
 Hopefully we'll find out in a couple of years whether or not any of it makes sense. 
 NOVEMBER 
 Just when you thought I'd forgotten about it, another #PhonePhill - this time with  William Gallagher . He's written a  book , you know. Bits of it are about me. 
 Inspired by the resurgence of telephonic communication, I immediately didn't do it again and instead waffled on about  River Theory  … 
 Expressed my love for the  Verity  podcast … 
 And raved  on and on and on  about this speech from Doctor Who: 
 Oh, and I found this photo of a Burt Reynolds crab. 
 DECEMBER 
 Which brings us to now. All I did in December was a handful of short blogs about other people's stuff. Things like: 
 Arnopp's patreon campaign , the  UK Scriptwriter's Handbook  and the  Heaven Sent/Hell Bent scripts . 
 There were meant to be more, but there wasn't. 
 I didn't even wish you a merry Christmas. 
 Merry Christmas. 
 There, I did it. 
 And so, with this year nearly spent, all eyes turn to the next one. 
 Hopefully it'll include at least one blog about my new office: 
 And loads and loads about my  next script to be produced : 
 Happy New Year,  let's chat soon . 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Bored ,  Career Path ,  Christmas Crackers ,  Industry Musings ,  My Way ,  Progress ,  Publicity ,  Random Witterings ,  Rants ,  Sad Bastard ,  Someone Else's Way ,  Sparkle ,  The Ties That Bind ,  Things I've Learnt Recently ,  Two steps back ,  Writing and life  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  Back to the Future ,  Calum Chalmers ,  Cameos ,  Danny Stack ,  Doctor Who ,  Firefly ,  Focus ,  HTC ,  Iron Man ,  Ninjas ,  Saving Mr Banks ,  scripts ,  Sparkle ,  Star Wars ,  Story structure ,  Tim Clague ,  Trousers ,  wedding  |  2 Comments 
 #P̶h̶o̶n̶e̶ MeetPhill - Meeting #1: Piers Beckley, Michelle Lipton & J̶a̶s̶o̶n̶ ̶A̶r̶n̶o̶p̶p̶ 
 Posted on  Monday, 10 August, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 
 A very special  #PhonePhill  this week in that it didn't involve a phone at all, but rather an actual face to face meeting with all the delights and risk of contamination these things bring. 
 
 How can such a thing happen, you're doubtlessly asking? 
 What kind of Earth-shattering calamity could persuade Phill to leave the relative safety of the Secret Writing Island and venture into deepest, darkest London where people can actually see him face to face and possibly even (gasp!) be nice to him? 
 Well, I'm glad you asked. It's all  Piers Beckley 's fault. 
 Piers used to (or possibly still does but hasn't for a while) run these monthly get togethers for writers in London. He was nice enough to invite me to join in and as is my want, I declined. 
 For I am shy. 
 Except when I'm not. 
 
 But he persisted and I eventually caved in to his smooth-talking big city ways and found myself venturing into London to meet a lovely bunch of lovely people who were in various states of drunkeness. 
 And fun was had by all. 
 For largely geographical reasons (except Piers, who travels. Possibly in some kind of mysterious wrought iron carriage powered by dreams), Piers,  Michelle ,  Jason  and I began a tradition of extra-curricular meetings in Brighton. And sometimes London. 
 
 Which is where this inaugural #MeetPhill took place. 
 Although, obviously, this wasn't our inaugural meeting. Nor was it an opportunity for them to meet me so much as for all of us to meet each other. Again. Also, inaugural implies there'll be more opportunities for people to meet me. 
 There won't. 
 Well, there will. But I'm far too lazy to traipse into London for a random natter with anyone who emails me. 
 To be honest, this was just three friends meeting up for a chat about writing and life and stuff. 
 Wait a minute. Three? Don't I mean four? 
 
 No. One person has been strangely elusive of late. He says he's doing this newfangled thing called writing … but that sounds frankly ludicrous and can't be true. 
 The truth is … we've lost Arnopp. Has anybody seen him? If you spot him, give him a cuddle and some gin and send him home. 
 
 The rest of us had a lovely time. We saw dinosaurs and ate Japanese food and got caught in a Tube strike and, oh … everything. We regaled each other with discussions, including but not limited to: 
 
 Getting a proper writing job on a proper TV programme … and then having to turn down another proper writing job on another proper TV programme because they clashed. 
 Writing erotic fiction. 
 Writing for a proper A-list actor who actually read the script and loved it and wanted to do it … and then didn't because of reasons which are depressing but totally understandable. 
 Something so insanely exciting but also very, very personal and private which can't be discussed despite it being the bestest news ever. 
 Developing a new TV series for and with someone. 
 The pitiful amount of custard served with the steamed treacle pudding in the last pub we went into. Which also didn't have a working kettle and hence, no tea. Which was disappointing. 
 Purging the urge to write scripts for existing TV shows by actually writing them in a useful way. 
 Other stuff. 
 
 Usually in a #PhonePhill there's some aspect of the discussion which I'll pull out and highlight in great length, but in this case the meeting of peers is the point. Sideways networking, meeting up with other writers, having a bit of a chat and building those relationships is vital. 
 Networking with producers and directors is all well and good. Vital, in fact … but it's the other writers, the other people on the same journey who will help you the most. 
 
 Yes, sometimes we read each others' scripts. Sometimes. Sometimes we share information or opportunities. Sometimes those things even lead somewhere. 
 Just prior to meeting Piers and Shel, for example, I had a meeting with a new producer to discuss optioning a feature script. That meeting came about because of Piers - he knew the guy was looking for scripts and thought I may have had the sort of thing he was looking for. 
 
 Piers was right. 
 That new contact, that new opportunity and new option is a direct result of sideways networking. Writers tend to be awfully nice people who have a lot of time for each other and are very supportive. Well, in my experience anyway. 
 If you're a writer who doesn't know other writers, find some and know them. You'll be glad you did. 
 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  Writing and life  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  face to face ,  London ,  sideways networking  |  2 Comments 
 #PhonePhill - Conversation #11: Terry Newman 
 Posted on  Monday, 27 July, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 
 This week I have been chatting to the great  Terry Newman . Or  Dr Tel  as he's famously known. 
 What a nice guy. 
 But I already knew that. 
 Tel is one of those writers whose list of credits is unfeasibly long across multiple genres and media. His CV is so ridiculously packed and varied that you could almost be forgiven for asuming he's more than one person, that 'Terry Newman' is a brand masking the input of a dozen writers. 
 But it's not. He's real … and he's lovely. 
 Tel's written stuff like this: 
 
 And this: 
 
 And this: 
 
 And, most recently, this: 
 
 Which you can (and should) buy  here  for mere pennies. 
 Tel and I first met … fuck, years ago. When was that? 2008? Maybe? No, looking at script dates it was 2005. Blimey. 
 We were brought together to write a sitcom about Saddam Hussain by  Lewis Alsamari * - an Iraqi who'd escaped from his regime and felt the bastard needed satirising like buggery. It came out really well and got as far as attracting a great cast and one of the proper sitcom-royalty directors … before fizzling out in a burst of apathy. 
 
 Or maybe someone else did a serious version of it and it was felt our version was making fun of that seriousness and not the psychotic imbecile it was meant to be lampooning. 
 I don't know. It died anyway. 
 Which is a shame, because it was good. 
 Tel and I chatted for the best part of two hours about a wide variety of stuff. The first ten minutes or so were, in the best Skype tradition (for I was on my Secret Writing Island), spent wondering if we could hear each other and shouting hello a lot. 
 
 Wifi was particularly terrible on that day. So terrible I was forced to leave my room and take my chances in the hotel lobby, dodging families of wailing Brits abroad (learn to fucking behave and put some fucking suncream on you lobster fucks!), Americans (you guys are LOUD in public!) and mediocre reggae blasting at unnessary volume from hidden speakers. 
 There's always one spot in every hotel lobby which is far enough away from the noise but close enough to the router to be perfect … it usually takes a lot of wandering back and forth to find it. 
 
 But find it I did. However, since I was now in public, the mooted possibility of a video chat was abandonned. Which was a shame since I'd put clothes on and everything. 
 This is the wall Tel would have been chatting in front of: 
 
 This is what I would have been chatting in front of: 
 
 This is actually ten minutes after I'd hung up, right in the middle of the storm but about five minutes before the earthquake hit. 
 Secret Writing Islands - they're not all fun in the sun. 
 Once we'd established a clear(ish) line of communication we chatted in earnest about all sorts of things. 
 Tel and I are (I think) very similar. We both have a love for comedy. We both have a love of superheroes. 
 This is Tel's recent purchase, melding together both of those loves: 
 
 This was my latest self-build, keep me sane, project: 
 And we both have damaged our own careers by refusing to stick to one genre, style or medium. Neither of us are the go-to-guy for anything. 
 Well, I was (for a while) the go-to-guy when you had a terrible script you needed bringing up to scratch in an absolutely hurry because you were filming on Wednesday and for some reason hadn't bothered to get the script right before committing to a start date. 
 But I've managed to extricate myself from being that guy because being that guy is fucking annoying, stressful and ultimately unrewarding since panicked page one rewrites on a script which is almost at the end of pre-production is unlikely to yield a good film. 
 
 Being the go-to-person for something is a good idea. It's the way to build a career. Being the best at one thing means people will come to you first. Like, back in the day when these things still existed, people would go to record shops to buy records first … and if they couldn't find it there, go to Woolworths as a last ditch, deperate attempt without really expecting to find it there. 
 I inadvertently set myself up as the Woolworths of script writing. I can do all the genres … but people would tend to go to the specialists first. 
 I guess Tel's the same. Although I don't want to attach that sobriquet to him in case he finds it offensive. 
 Apparently not being the go-to-person makes you less attractive to agents because they find it harder to promote and sell you. 
 
 I say apparently because I've never really tried to get one and therefore have no idea what I'm talking about. 
 Meetings become harder because, although you can meet with a wider range of producers, you may only have one script in the genre they specialise in. And since producers rarely want the thing you've gone to sell them and tend to love asking 'what else have you got?' … well, it's just more difficult. 
 But more rewarding. I've had films produced in a variety of genres: horror, sci-fi, comedy, action-thriller … and  The Evolved (Part One)  which just defies all classification and common sense. I've written sitcoms, I've written sketches, I've written movies … 
 Tel's done that and more. He's also written a novel. 
 Which you should buy.  Here . 
 
 That's what we got into writing to do - whatever the fuck crossed our minds. It's just not the best idea if you want to make a solid career and earn a decent wage. 
 Says the man sitting on his own (not-so) private island. 
 We both fucked up there. But given our time over again, I'm not sure either of us would do anything differently. 
 One thing about Tel which surprised the hell out of me is that he rarely redrafts anything. He's a meticulous planner and outliner and tends to get it right before he starts writing. 
 I start out planning things meticulously … and then get bored and jump in feet first. Things go wrong. Things change. I lose my way. I discover strange and wonderful new things … and I write multiple drafts of everything. 
 
 I'm assuming we essentially run through the same number of versions of each thing … but mine's long form where as his is either at the treatment/beat sheet stage or all in his head. 
 I'm kind of jealous … but I find my process usually takes me where I need to be (if not where I intended to go) so it's all good. 
 From there, talk wandered on to adaptations for some reason … oh yes, because Tel's book (which you can buy  here ) was Harper-Voyager's first foray into digital first publishing. 
 And I don't read eBooks. 
 Can't fucking bear them. I'm a dead-tree kind of guy. 
 
 Until very, very recently I didn't have anything I could read them on beside my phone … which is a bit too small to be satisfying. 
 I now have a laptop with a removable screen so I could read eBooks if I wanted to … but I don't. And haven't. Yet. 
 Tel was asking how I approached adaptations since he tends to search and reference the eBook whilst planning his. 
 I tend to approach them like this: 
 Step one:  Read the book. This is probably quite an essential step. 
 Step two:  Decide if I like the book or not. If I don't, apologise and back away from the project. If I do … 
 Step three:  Is it a filmable book? Does it read like a movie with a clear beginning, middle and end with a protagonist and a theme and all that kind of stuff? If so, go to step four. If not I just throw the book away and make something up using the same character names and claim it's 'inspired by the book' or 'just uses it as a jumping off point'. 
 Step four:  Plan out the film using only what I can remember from the book after reading it once. Chances are this is what the other readers can remember too. Unless it's a cult classic which will have been read many, many times - in which case I need to be more specific about stuff. 
 Step five:  Re-read the book and see if I've missed out/forgotten anything. Which I tend not to have done since I have a pretty good memory … when I want to. Or need to. Or someone's paying me to switch it on. 
 
 From there I proceed as normal until the client is happy with the script. 
 I've adapted a few books now. The clients have always gone away happy … and then never made the movie. 
 Oh well. 
 Tel and I spoke about many, many things and never quite ran out of things to say. Eventually we had to just end the conversation because we both had work to do and would otherwise have spoken all day. 
 He's a nice guy, is Tel. You should hire him. 
 Or  buy his book . 
 Or both. 
 So that was #PhonePhill #11. Who wants to be #12? If you're thinking this might be fun but feel you're not really the kind of person I'd want to talk to … you're wrong. I do want to talk to you, no matter who you are or what you do. Doesn't have to be about writing and you don't have to be a writer or even involved in media. 
 Don't be shy, email me, arrange a time and  #PhonePhill . 
 Fuck it, here's Iron Man again because … well, just because. 
 
 
 If you have time, read his bio on that iMDB page … then reflect on how easy your life has been up until now. Unless, of course, you have endured even worse, in which case … fuck. 
 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  My Way ,  Someone Else's Way  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  adaptations ,  agents ,  Iron Man ,  Saddam Hussein  |  2 Comments 
 #PhonePhill - Conversation #5: Dee Chilton 
 Posted on  Wednesday, 3 June, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 
 A new person! And a woman. A new woman! 
 Exciting. 
 This week I've been chatting to  Dee Chilton  who was absolutely lovely and very easy to chat to. Dee's a scriptwriter. Specifically, she's a photographer and Navy veteran who (in her own words) woke up one morning four and a half years ago and decided to be a scriptwriter. 
 
 Hooray! One of us. 
 Our chat ranged across a wide variety of topics, as these things are wont to do, but mostly centred around those first few years as a scriptwriter, how to approach your career and the industry in general. 
 The through line throughout it all for me though was attitude. Dee's is excellent. Her approach is just brilliant and something I think everyone (including me) can learn from. 
 She says she learnt to get on by getting promoted to a junior commissioned officer pretty quickly in the Navy - crossing the line from non-com to com (is that how you say it?) meant she no longer belonged to her old peer group but felt like an interloper in her new peer group. 
 
 That imposter syndrome is how most scriptwriters feel when they start out. 
 Actually, scratch that. That's how I feel all the time. Every time I work with new people I feel like they're going to catch me out, realise I don't belong … but that never happens.^ 
 Dee's answer was to just get on with people, learn to network and prove she deserved to be where she was, that she'd got there by merit. 
 Sage advice. 
 Dee seems to have the attitude it took me years to cultivate - she's enjoying her scriptwriting journey. She's enjoying the process with no fear of failure (doubts, of course … but she doesn't seem to be afraid) or yearning for some imagined end goal. I think most of us focus so much on getting that first script produced, of 'breaking in'* that we miss the point. 
 
 There is no destination. 
 It's all a ride, baby. 
 A scriptwriting career largely means achieving nothing … if by 'achieving' you think it means 'being produced'. Scriptwriting isn't a race with a clearly defined finish line. It's not over once you get a film produced. It's a hurdles race where no-one expects you to clear all the hurdles. 
 You're expected to fall at the first hurdle. 
 Next time out, you might fall at the next hurdle. 
 
 Maybe after ten attempts you might make it to the penultimate hurdle and fall there … or you might fall at the first hurdle again.$ 
 Think of the most successful scriptwriter you can … last week, they got a project rejected. Possibly at the pitch stage. 
 At some point, totally unexpectedly, on a day when you're only wearing one shoe and you've ripped your shorts whilst forgetting to wear pants … you'll get to the end. 
 Congratulations! 
 
 Now do the race again. 
 And fall at the first hurdle. 
 If you don't learn to appreciate the process, the sheer joy of trying your hardest all the time … you'll just get disheartened. 
 Personally, I tend to think of the script as the end goal - that's the end of my process. If I get to a point where the client likes the script … I'm happy. I've won, time to find a new race to run. 
 
 Another thing we talked about is why we opted for this life instead of writing books … a question I get asked a lot and don't have a satisfactory answer for. 
 Usually when people ask me what I do, just after I've explained what a script is, what it looks like and how the talking is actually the least important bit+, immediately following that confused pause as they try to work out if their favourite movie was actually written by someone or just somehow accidentally captured on film … that's when they ask. 
 Have I thought about writing a book? Yes. 
 
 But I haven't ever bothered. 
 Instead of choosing to be the Captain of my own destiny, writing my own stories and fuck everyone else's opinion because they're my goddamn books … instead of that, I choose to write scripts where everybody wants to argue with me and demand changes and generally stick their oar even when there's no point in changing that character's name from Danny to Donny or making the protagonist of a true-crime story a talking shoe. 
 Why? 
 
 (Why did I choose scripts? Not the talking shoe bit.) 
 I don't know. 
 Books have had just as much impact on me as movies. I love books. I read … well, not a lot anymore, but certainly every day.@ 
 I usually tell people it's because my vocabulary isn't good enough to write the kind of books I enjoy reading. 
 
 But I'm not sure that's true. 
 What is true is now I'm this far down one path, switching to novels would be very difficult. It's a completely different skillset I'd have to learn and one I'm not sure I could … but I didn't know that then. Why didn't I write books? 
 Okay, so there was  this post  which kind of explains it … but still … why not books? 
 Not sure. 
 
 But maybe next week's  #PhonePhill  guest will have a better answer? 
 Who knows? 
 All I do know is chatting to Dee Chilton was a lovely experience. She's doing so much right (in my opinion). She's working with the equally lovely  Hayley McKenzie  (Hayley! We should chat!), she's formed her own bespoke online writing group, she's availing herself of the myriad of opportunities the Internet has to offer (including  winning a competition ), she's networking in a friendly, non-needy manner … and she's enjoying herself to boot. 
 These are the ingredients to success and I wish her all the best. 
 So there you go, another  #PhonePhill . Who's next? 
 
 Actually, I know who's next … but who's after her? Come on, don't be shy - I'm ready to chat. 
 Email me. 
 
 ^ Suckers! 
 On a related note, everyone feels this at some point. It's normal. I remember a good friend of mine who was the general manager of the Imax in Waterloo telling me about being in a meeting with Anthony Minghella (who was something high-and-mighty in the BFI at the time) and quietly freaking out inside because he was convinced someone would just stand up, point at him and say: 
 "Why are we listening to this guy? He's a fucking cinema usher, for fuck's sake! He's the guy who used to scrape the puke off the auditorium floor!" 
 Even though that was ten years and several management jobs in the past. 
 
 Breaking into where? Nine movies down the line, have I broken in yet? Because if I have, I have to tell you 'in' looks and feels almost exactly like 'out'. 
 
 $ Wait … do you fall at hurdles in a hurdle race? Or is falling a horse racing term? In which case, do I mean scriptwriting is … whatever horse-jumping-races are called? Steeplechases? Is that right? Bollocks, I've got myself all confused now. 
 
 Lots of actors like to make up their own words … and then feel smug because they've helped 'write' the script. Yay you. Dialogue is the smallest, least important bit of writing. It's the icing on the cake, it helps the cake look pretty but in no way affects the taste or enjoyment# because the actual baking was far more important and arduous. 
 
 Except when it does. 
 @ Mostly the back of cereal packets, but it still counts! 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  Someone Else's Way ,  Writing and life  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  attitude ,  hurdles ,  imposter syndrome  |  3 Comments 
 #PhonePhill - Conversation #1: Calum Chalmers 
 Posted on  Thursday, 30 April, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 
 Surprisingly,  this actually worked . It turns out there are people in this world who actually want to talk to a complete stranger about writing and/or random stuff on a whim. 
 
 Conversation #1 was with  Calum Chalmers . 
 Actually, technically #1 was  Tim Clague  who rang up on a whim just because … well, just because he can, I guess. I think it was meant to be a gag but it was foiled by technology - my phone correctly identified him before he could spring his dastardly trap. But hey, he rang, so let's call him Conversation #0 and use that opportunity to slip in teaser trailer #2 for  Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg? 
 But back to Calum Chalmers, the proper Conversation #1. 
 Calum is a writer/director who has also acted at least once. Here he is, on the left, in  David Lemon 's  Faintheart : 
 
 As often happens in these situations, although Calum and I have never met or spoken before, we do have a few mutual friends. It's a small industry on a small island, be nice to people - everyone knows someone who knows you. 
 
 As the appointed time for the call approached, I remembered one key fact: I fucking hate talking on the phone. Especially to strangers. You might think it's odd that I decided to try this experiment … and you'd be right. 
 
 Still, as it happens the conversation was easy and flowing and genuinely interesting, entertaining and fun. Or at least I thought it was, I'm not going to round putting words into Calum's mouth. 
 
 Had a lovely chat with screenwriter  @phillbarron . We hadn't spoken before today but he let me interrogate him for a 100 minutes. #PhonePhill 
 -- Calum Chalmers (@Calchal)  April 28, 2015 
 
 We talked about a lot of industry stuff, films in general and about Calum's career so far and his future plans. 
 I had no idea going into this how long the call might last and was quite surprised to find out it went on for about an hour and a half. Didn't feel that long, but unless there was some kind of incredibly localised temporal anomaly … that's how long it was. 
 Calum's written and directed two shorts so far: 
 If You Go Down 
 and 
 Graduation Afternoon 
 He was kind enough to send me a link for Graduation Afternoon and it's very good. Here's a trailer: 
 One of the things we talked about is something I think we all struggle with: what should I do next? 
 We have all these ideas, far more than anyone could possibly write in a lifetime and somehow we have to pick the one to focus on, the one we think has the best chance of moving our career forward. 
 The glib answer is 'pick the one you care most about'. 
 
 But which one's that? I know I have a good dozen ideas I'm equally as excited about … until I actually try to write them then I quickly discover how interesting things like bus time tables and bits of wall are. 
 So maybe we should be more mercenary? 
 
 Maybe we should focus on the one which is most likely to catapult us to fame and fortune and … something else beginning with 'F'. 
 Um … Fridge? Foot spa? Falafel? 
 No idea. 
 But which one is that? Which project is most likely to get us the falafel we so desperately crave? Is it the low budget thing we can make ourselves? Is it the sell out thing we're pretty certain we can get funding for even though it's bound to be terrible? Even if we can get the money, do we use it for a micro-budget feature or a big-budget short? Do we aim for commercial success? Or Internet notoriety? Or festival love? 
 
 Well, the answer's simple: 
 I have no idea. 
 In pretty much the same I have no idea why anyone would want this: 
 
 All I do know is I enjoyed chatting with Calum and look forward to Conversation #2 on next week's #PhonePhill. 
 If you want to be Conversation #3 then drop me an email and we'll work it out. 
 If you'd like to chat with Calum yourself, you can find him on Twitter  here . 
 28.444740 -81.395257 
 Categories:   #PhonePhill ,  Career Path ,  Industry Musings ,  Someone Else's Way  | Tags:  #PhonePhill ,  Calum Chalmers ,  David Lemon ,  Tim Clague ,  Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg?  |  6 Comments 
 2014 
 Posted on  Monday, 5 January, 2015  by  phillbarron 
 
 Hooray it's 2015. The future! The actual future. That's where we live now. We're here. 
 That's the Back to the Future future anyway. Other futures include 1999 (as in Space), 2001 (as in a Space Odyssey) and 2010 (as in … another Space Odyssey). We've smashed through all those future and they were all fucking wrong … but this time, this time I've got a feeling we're actually here. 
 
 Hoverboards and flying cars by October! 
 So this is my yearly end-of-year round up which I completely failed to do at the end of the year and am instead doing now. 
 2014 was a funny old year. I didn't have a film produced for a start - which is odd for me, I've had one (more or less) produced every year for almost a decade so it feels a bit lacking. 
 There was the usual flurry of celebrity deaths and accompanying public grief. I find it all weirdly self-serving and tend not to get involved … but last year was the first year  someone I'd actually met  died. I didn't like him much … but now he's dead (assuming he is and it's not all some sort of sick stunt for his next book) … well, no I still don't like him. The fact he caused so much misery on his way out doesn't help much either. He can ride his fucking pogo stick in hell. 
 On the other hand, it was a year of new stuff and exciting things. A year of regrouping and changing direction. Twice. 
 
 It was a year of earning more money by not getting films produced - a strange phenomena whereby people seem to be paying me to keep quiet. I earnt more last year than in the few previous years combined by writing things I actually enjoy with and for people who are actually interested in that specific film as opposed to just banging out any old tosh. 
 I've been doing uncredited re-writes on things and polishes and itty bitty bits and bobs like that. 
 I've written a couple of features for new clients which have come out well and been thoroughly enjoyable experiences. 
 
 I even got to work a bit more on one of my favourite scripts which has since gone out to actors (including a popstar whose jeans I once wore after his ex-girlfriend stole them and an actor so ridiculously A-list and cool that I'm not even allowed to think his name let alone tell anyone). 
 At the beginning of the year I was thinking all telly with some really cool meetings … but halfway through the year I accidentally got myself some US management and switched gears to US-focused studio movies. Well, sort of switched gears - it's taken me six months to politely disengage myself from all previous UK commitments. 
 But I'm disengaged now and re-engaged with US stuff for 2015. 
 As for 2014 in blogs … well, it was a bit sparse. These things take up a lot of time and I don't have much of it to spare. Still, for anyone who was or wasn't paying attention, the blogging year went something like this: 
 JANUARY 
 A witter about Christmas and a  moan about Sherlock , followed by bigging up  Danny and Tim  and then  slating myself for being sexist . 
 
 FEBRUARY 
 First up was  The Spec Chain  … which we all agreed was a waste of everyone's time. Particularly mine. Next up was a rumination on  cliffhangers and page three  (not the booby kind, the normal kind between pages two and four). In an amazing splurge of blogging I managed to write another post about  minor character names  which is at least vaguely interesting and then in an even more amazing splurge I actually wrote yet another post where I decided  I'm the font of all factual knowledge . 
 
 So there. 
 Wow! Four posts in one month! I'm awesome at this blogging lark! 
 MARCH 
 Ah, right … so March wasn't so good. All I managed in March was that  Blog Tour  meme (which doesn't count as a proper post) and a bit of a ramble about  using bold in a script . 
 I think I'd decided to post every Monday at this point … and was already failing. Still, it's good to fail fast. 
 
 Isn't it? 
 APRIL 
 Another 50 percenter - two out of four, not too bad. Unless there were five Mondays in April? In which case it's piss poor. All I did that month was tell people not to get upset about not getting through the first round of the  Red Planet Prize  and burble on about  synopses  and why my first draft ones are always terrible. 
 Ooh, I also transformed a TARDIS into a War TARDIS - the first of many extra-writing projects I undertook in 2014. 
   
 
 
 MAY 
 The Need to Know List  - ooh, that sounds exciting. 
 Oh. No. No it isn't. 
 
 JUNE 
 June brought the first installment of my  Conversations to Quit Over  series - a pointless grumbling of fucking moronic things I've been asked to do by people who should know better. I wonder how many installments of this thrilling series there will be?????!!!?!?!?!?!???!!!?!? ! ? 
 The rest of the month was me bemoaning my own  inability to hold my enthusiasm back  and a second shout out to  Tim and Danny  or, rather, to  Nelson Nutmeg  - pffft, bet they'll never get that off the page. 
 
 JULY 
 Repointing the Pyramid  - I like that analogy far more than I like that post which largely seems to be covertly apologising for not having finished a script. 
 Sorry. 
 AUGUST 
 Two posts this month! Hooray! 
 
 Or not, depending on your taste. 
 One about how  script readers aren't as stupid* as we think they are . And even when they are, just pretend they're not. The other was about how  one extra word on page one added a complete page to the end of the script  - incredibly frustrating when you have to keep the page count under a certain (arbitrary) number. This is when the  one page = one minute  rule falls apart:  one extra word = one extra page =/= one extra minute. 
 * Incidentally, a director who read the title as opposed to the post itself helpfully pointed out I'd written a script for him which was incredibly well received by script readers as proof they're not all stupid. He then sent me all the super-positive comments to remind me how universally loved that script is. That was a lovely little ego-boost that was. 
 
 SEPTEMBER 
 Hooray! Part two of  Conversations to Quit Over  - thank god for that, I was beginning to think there wasn't a part two … or maybe that was just wishful thinking? Clearly I was a bit bored or busy in September since I rambled on about  Tales of the Gold Monkey  for ages in the first installment of a new series I'll probably instantly forget about, posted photos of sexy TV stars … 
 
 … and then  compared writing to cooking . I quite like that post. Here's a musical interlude. 
 OCTOBER 
 In October, shit got serious - I decided to be brave and attempt to do two projects live on-blog for all the world to see. No more fucking around, this would be a warts and all insight into  the creation of a script and a Ghostbusters Proton Pack . Every Monday, without fail, an update. Here goes … 
 NOVEMBER 
 Yeah … well  that didn't happen . 
 The updates, I mean. 
 Or the script - other projects got in the way. 
 The proton pack, on the other hand … 
 
 Yeah … that was okay. 
 I also fessed up to being a  Needy Writer  in a post I quite like. 
 Which brings us to … 
 DECEMBER 
 When all I did was re-plug  this ebook : 
 
 Which is enough for one month, don't you think? 
 December was a mad scramble to get everything done before Christmas and to finish off my last extra-writing project of the year for a New Year's Eve party: 
 I made that costume. All of it. From scratch. Well, from material at any rate. Do you know how difficult it is to starch an Elizabethan ruff? 
 I do. 
 I made bits of Mandy's too - the cool bits like the cape (actually made for a Robin costume) and the voice changer sewn into the hankie/mask. 
 Come to think of it, I made the background too. 
 But not the sofa. 
 Or the throne. 
 My favourite part of the costume was the codpiece - complete with squeaker. That's the mark II codpiece there, the mark I codpiece went a bit wrong … 
 Not really suitable for a child-infested party. Still, all in all, I'm pleased with that. 
 
 And that was my year - a good year all round with codpieces and writing and new management and a proton pack. And a War TARDIS. 
 Who knows what 2015 will bring? 
 I do. 
 
 Happy (almost) New Year! 
 Categories:   Career Path ,  My Way ,  Random Witterings  |  3 Comments 
 Too much too soon 
 Posted on  Tuesday, 10 June, 2014  by  phillbarron 
 
 I've lost a few jobs over the years by being too keen, by doing more work than is required; which probably sounds counter-intuitive, but actually makes sense if you just fucking let me finish, alright? Stop fucking interrupting! 
 What's that? 
 No one's interrupting except the voices in my head? 
 Oh really? What the fuck would you know, Mr Sock? You're just a fucking sock, you're not real. It's me doing your voice. Me! Without me, you're nothing! 
 
 What's that, Mr Sock? 
 If I'm going to have a mental spasm I should stop typing until after I've had a little lie down? 
 Oh. Yes, right. 
 Um … I didn't type all this, it was dictation software left running. Sorry. 
 What's that, Mr Sock? I'm a fucking liar? 
 Fuck you, you woolly bastard. 
 Sorry, got distracted there. 
 Right. So. Where was I? Ah yes, making sense. 
 The scenario usually runs something like this: 
 
 A producer/director/actor or some combination of all three gets in touch regarding a film project they have which doesn't really exist. I mean, it sort of does. They want to make something, they have some money of some description and possibly even a track record. The project exists in potentia, but in reality all they have is the vague feeling they want to make a film of some kind. Any kind, maybe, they're not really sure. 
 What they are sure about is they absolutely have to film it only on Tuesdays and (for finance purposes) it all has to be set in Pease Pottage … although, for tax purposes it actually has to be filmed in Antigua; but they can easily fake Pease Pottage in Antigua, they just have to digitally erase the palm trees. And the climate. 
 
 It also has to be a genre film (although not horror, sci-fi, western, a rom-com, martial arts, action, thriller or comedy - although it has to be funny), feature at least three parts for actors over-fifty who refuse to play characters over thirty, a dog, lots of nudity (but not from any of the actors, male or female), a Lamborghini (which can't be driven), at least one sword fight and show child-abuse in a positive light. 
 Other than that, it's completely up to me. I can do whatever I want, what have I got? 
 Besides a fucking migraine. 
 Oh, and they absolutely have to have a final draft before the end of the month or they're going to lose the big name stars. 
 The ones I've never heard of. 
 
 I know, I know, I should learn my lesson and walk away from these things. And to be fair, I am doing so more and more. 
 What has tended to happen in the past is in order to make the ludicrous deadline, I need to start working before the contract arrives … which I do, because I'm a trusting soul. 
 Never, ever trust anyone. That's a lesson to learn right there. 
 So I beaver away, come up with a bunch of ideas, talk it over with them, incorporate their feedback into the plot and generally hash it out until we (amazingly) have something they like the sound of. 
 Even if I have (accidentally) forgotten the child-abuse. 
 Now they need a one-page synopsis. 
 That's all, just one page. 
 Contract still hasn't arrived, but that's fine. It's only one page after all … but they need it immediately. By nine the next morning. 
 
 Okay, so I should claim I need the contract the next morning too. That's exactly what I should do and am doing from now on; but on several occasions, I've been more trusting … like the fucking fool that I am. 
 Just one page. 
 Except it's not one page, because the idea has to be so convoluted to match the laundry list of conditions that I have to plan it all out on index cards before I can condense it down to one page. Then I find I need to write it all out to make sure it makes sense, because I'm not sure it does. 
 After staying up ALL FUCKING NIGHT I have a ten page document which is EXACTLY what we've agreed on. The deadline is in four minutes, I just don't have time to whittle it down to one page … so, fuck it. Sorry about this, guys; but I've skipped a step - this is where we're heading anyway and since you don't need the one pager to show the financiers or the actors, just as a document for us to discuss, then it's possibly actually better this way. 
 
 Except it isn't. 
 Because, although this document features everything they wanted and everything we've already discussed and agreed on … it isn't actually what they want. It isn't what they want because they have no fucking idea what they actually want. 
 They haven't got an idea for a film, the only idea they've got is that they want to make a film. 
 It's a bit like someone asking you to paint their kitchen, only they've no idea what colour they want. All they know is they'd like something dark-ish. Or light-ish. Or something in-between. Maybe a primary colour? Or one of those colours you get when you mix primary colours together? One of those. 
 
 So you pick a random colour. Blue, what about blue? Oh, they love blue! What shade? You discuss it, show them samples, suggest they look at other people's kitchens which are the same colour … until they state, adamantly, that they want a specific shade. 
 Great. 
 So you paint their kitchen … and they don't like it. They didn't realise that was what blue was. They thought blue was more redish yellow. They didn't realise I meant blue blue, even though that's what they said they wanted. 
 They don't say this right away, of course. First off they forget to look at the colour of the kitchen for three months because although it was vitally important you stay up all night painting it, they don't actually need to look at the colour for ages yet. There's no rush for them, just you. 
 
 The second reason they don't say this right away is because they decide not to bother saying it at all. The fact you've painted the kitchen the wrong colour clearly means you're not the right painter for them, even though you've painted the kitchen the colour they asked for and not got anything on any of the woodwork and even managed to do that fiddly bit across the top of the boiler without spilling a single drop … despite doing a good job, the job they asked for, the fact you've painted it a colour which, on reflection, they don't actually like, means you're clearly not suited to this job … oh, and hey! Since they haven't got round to sending the contract yet, they don't actually need to pay you! They can get someone else to paint the kitchen another colour. Or better yet, just give up on the whole idea because they've lost interest in kitchens and might just get the bathroom painted instead. No need to tell the painter what they think of the colour, let's just pretend he doesn't exist. 
 
 What's that Mr Sock? I've stretched that metaphor well past the point of being useful? Why yes, I do believe you're right. 
 No, you can't come out of the hamper. 
 Because I don't like you, you insufferably smug git. Get back in your hamper. Back! Back in your hamper! 
 Essentially, instead of developing the idea to suit the (pretend) film they think they're going to make, they just give up and cease all communication. 
 
 Maybe if I'd delivered a one-pager it would have been different? Maybe if it was a bite-sized idea they would be more inclined to pass comment and work towards something better? There's a lot less information in a one-pager which is therefore easier to interpret in a way which makes sense to them. A ten-pager nails down characters and tone and theme and all those sort of things. There's very little room for interpretation in a ten-pager. A one-pager can be anything. 
 It also feels easier to change, to discuss, to develop. A ten-pager? Well, it's all decided now, isn't it? It's not what they want, so no point pursuing it. They don't know what they do want, but they know it's not this. 
 And because they didn't have a strong investment in a specific idea in the first place, just some money and some free time, then they've no real interest in continuing. A bump in the road? Might as well just give up then. No, don't bother telling the writer we've decided not to bother - he'll work it out in a few months time when we haven't replied to a single email, phone call or text. 
 
 This has happened to me a couple of times now. Apparently it takes me a long time to learn a few simple lessons, namely: 
 
 Never do more than is expected, no one will thank you for it. 
 If the client is unclear what they want, keep ideas loose and vague for as long as possible - that way their expectations are being met. 
 Don't do anything until the contract is signed by you and them. Not that contracts actually guarantee you'll get paid. I've worked on films where no one got paid, despite their contracts. Where everyone sued the producers, and won … and still didn't get any money. Films where I was the only person to get even a fraction of my payment, despite not actually having a contract at all. Doesn't hurt to wait though. 
 Most importantly: never, ever get involved in these type of projects in the first place, it's just not worth the hassle. 
 
 This all probably sounds very cynical, and in a way it is … but maybe that's actually a good way to be?# 
 
 Or maybe not? 
 I don't know. 
 I would ask Mr Sock, but we're not on speaking terms any more. Although his cousin, Ms Teatowel is here and she has this amazing idea for a movie. Well, not idea as such, more of a yen to make something, but that bloke from Eastenders has agreed to be in whatever it is, well, not agreed as such, but he muttered something which sounded a bit like yes when she cornered him in Tesco. Which bloke? Oh you know, the fat one who was always in the background of the market scenes in the first couple of years - never spoke, but he's quite famous. Or was. She wants to shoot it in one location, in Arabic with Dutch subtitles and it has to feature at least three hamsters and … 
 Hang on, this is all sounding a little familiar. 
 
 Categories:   Bored ,  Career Path ,  Industry Musings ,  Random Witterings ,  Things I've Learnt Recently  |  2 Comments 
 2013 
 Posted on  Monday, 30 December, 2013  by  phillbarron 
 
 Oh come on! That was never a year! 
 Really? Did we have  all  the months? Does everyone remember having all the months? We must have skimped on one of the summer months. July? Anyone remember there being a July in 2013? 
 The rate time's passing is getting ridiculous. 
 On the plus side, if it's 2014 tomorrow, then it means we only have one more year until hoverboards and flying cars! 
 And yes, they are both on my future Christmas list. 
 So how was your 2013? Was it good? Did you enjoy it? All of it? Even the July which I'm sure the Government have covertly pinched? 
 Mine, since you're doubtlessly asking, went something like this: 
 JANUARY 
 I started the year by getting a bit excited about  January . No, I have no idea why either. 
 Then, inspired by  this post  by  Debbie Moon , I got a bit ranty about  jealousy . 
 
And I finished off the month by rambling on a bit about  HMV maybe shutting down . 
 Which it didn't. 
 The essence of my argument was it would be a shame if HMV went bust because the immediate next wave of filmmakers would never know the elation of walking into a shop and buying a copy of your own DVD. HMV is one of the last outlets who stock pretty much any low budget films. If they went, the only shelf space would be in supermarkets and they are a bit funny about what films they'll sell. 
 Now, okay, DVDs (or Blu-Rays, if you prefer) will ultimately go away and people will feel giddy and excited about something else. 
 But a year later, DVDs are still here (as is HMV) and they're still exciting. I don't know about you, but I have a hierarchy of film-love. Only my absolute favourites get bought on DVD. Films I really enjoy … I probably won't bother to buy. I might watch it several times on TV or pay to stream something … but only my absolute bestest films get bought. 
 Unless I  know the writer and want to annoy/promote them . 
 
 Having a film produced is exciting. Attending the première is more exciting. Seeing it in released in the cinemas is even more exciting still. But holding a physical copy in your hand, one you can put on the shelf or lend to people or just look at and smile … that's the best bit. 
 For me. 
 Because that, in a small way, puts the thing I wrote on a similar footing to all the other films I love. Even when I fucking hate the actual film itself. 
 FEBRUARY 
 I began February by busting the shit out of the  motivation, willpower and confidence  conspiracy myth bullshit. 
 Or possibly by just ranting aimlessly about those imaginary things. One of the two. 
 
 I finished off the month by  loving Wreck-It Ralph . A lot. 
 At least I was right about that. 
 Was that it? Hmm … didn't blog much in February, did I? Probably because I gave up chocolate, biscuits, sweets, crisps and cake in a vague effort to stop looking like a fucking hippo. That kind of thing is bound to make someone less bloggy. 
 MARCH 
 I began March by explaining, politely, that they don't fucking love your script in Cannes - no matter what they may have said. If they loved it, they would have bought it. Did they buy it? 
 No. Then they didn't love it. 
 
 Yes, you can still pay me to re-write it. 
 I also blogged about  exercise, P90X and biscuits  - somehow finding it appropriate to insert myself into Death in Paradise wielding a spoon. 
 No, I have no idea why either. 
 That was a weird thing to do. Although, the good news is I still have that spoon. In a lovely bit of serendipity, I stole it from the Jamaican hotel which initially inspired Death in Paradise. It's now my emergency back up spoon. 
 Then I wrote a blog about  Other People's Ideas  and how hard they are to write. For some reason I equated it to making a human being and having too many ears. 
 Seriously, never give up biscuits. It's just not worth it. 
 APRIL 
 Wait … what the fuck? THERE WAS NO APRIL! I fucking knew we hadn't had a full year! Here's the proof … 
 Or rather, here isn't the proof because April never fucking existed. It can't have existed or I would have blogged about it. 
 You fuckers stole my April! 
 I'm a bit cross about that. 
 MAY 
 All I did in May was  give away a really cool book  which, despite the cover, has no information in it about how to get laid by writing scripts. 
 
 What a rotten swizz. 
 JUNE 
 Apparently, some insanely exciting things were happening in June … but I have no idea what they might have been. 
 My laptop had a  bit of an accident . That was annoying. 
 But I fixed it. Sort of. 
 
 What else happened? 
 Ooh, I wrote some stuff and edited some stuff and had some meetings and all sort of  proper writing stuff . That was exciting. 
 I then went on to promote a  writing development scheme  thingy. 
 
 What was exceptionally exciting about that is a writer friend of mine later told me she'd applied and been accepted onto the course - something she never would have known existed if I hadn't mentioned it. 
 That makes me feel all warm and fuzzy. I love being vaguely useful occasionally. 
 Buoyed on by that, I promoted some  free stuff . Which probably isn't free any more, so … don't bother clicking that link. 
 Assuming anyone's still reading and is even clicking anything. Are you? 
 Really? 
 Why? Go do something more fun. 
 Oh, no, wait! This next post was my most popular post of the year. Still is. 
 I think. 
 MAN OF STEEL - 3 THINGS I TRY NOT TO PUT IN A SCRIPT 
 
 **** JULY 
 July was simple. All I did in July was reveal the  meaning of life  and the meaning of  illegal . 
 
 I got both of them completely and utterly right too. 
 Because I'm awesome. 
 I totally rocked July. 
 AUGUST 
 I'm getting bored now. Anyone else getting bored? 
 August! What did I do in August? 
 NOTHING! 
 There was no August either. 
 Wait a minute … no April? No August? No months beginning with the letter A? 
 Hmm … 
 That video would probably be more relevant if it was actually about the letter A. 
 SEPTEMBER 
 There was a September! Since September doesn't begin with the letter A, this completely proves my theory. 
 It fucking does! 
 In September I went to see  Monsters University . 
 
 Then I gave you  writer-based fashion advice . 
 
 And I rounded out the month by getting upset about a  wine glass . 
 Jesus. 
 OCTOBER 
 In October I had a  letter from Linda Aronson , which was far politer than I deserved. 
 Then I wrote the first two parts of my fantastically successful Notes from the Other Side series; which was about my inept fumblings as a script editor for PERSONA. 
 
 They were called  Part One  and  Part Two . I'm original like that, I am. I was the first person ever to think of calling something part one and part two. 
 NOVEMBER 
 I'm really bored with this now. I've no idea why I do this every year, I mean what is the fucking point? Does anyone read this far? I will send a five pound note to the first person who quotes these three words in the comments: 
 
 Fresnel 
 Turpentine 
 Jamais vu 
 
 That's a serious offer. I'll send you a proper five pound note through the proper mail and everything if you're the first person to copy and paste those three words into a comment. 
 And 12p to the first person who can use them in a sentence. 
 And now that I've (hopefully) successfully proved no one's reading any more … on with November. 
 First up,  Part Three  of the Notes from the Other Side trilogy. I broke boundaries here by calling the third part  Part Three . I also got a bit ranty about it all. 
 Sorry. 
 Especially to the person I referred to as a fucking twat; but to be fair. You were. 
 Or I was. 
 One of the two. 
 Possibly both. 
 
 Then I talked about  tailoring . It was in relation to an upcoming meeting … at which everyone behaved in almost exactly the way I hoped they wouldn't. 
 
 For some reason I then had a  pop at actors who don't afford my scripts the same respect as Shakespeare's . 
 No, seriously. I can only assume I was heavily medicated at the time. 
 
 And I finished the month by gushing about  my love for a man . Well, eleven men. Twelve, as it turned out. Thirteen now. 
 
 If you're feeling particularly geeky, you can spot seven differences between this photo and  the one uploaded in November . Although, I warn you now imaginary person who's never going to fucking bother doing this … number four is almost impossible to spot. 
 DECEMBER 
 I began December by delivering my  verdict of The Day of the Doctor  … I fucking loved it. I know I fucking loved it because I wrote "I fucking loved it." 
 You can't argue with that kind of proof. 
 
 Then I decided to  tattoo something on my forehead  so I wouldn't forget it. This is the worst possible way of remembering stuff … mainly because it's really fucking hard to see your own forehead. 
 
 Don't do this. Seriously, it's silly. 
 And I finished off the year with a series of Christmas crackers - little bloglet mentions of things I either think are cool or just felt like mentioning: 
 
 The Elephantom 
 Totally Serialized  (there's a competition on this one - you can win free tickets!) 
 Dead Elf 
 Production Hell 
 Kung Fury 
 
 And that was pretty much it in blogging terms. 
 Behind the scenes, this was an interesting year. It's the first year for nearly a decade I haven't had anything produced or released … and yet I probably earnt more this year than any previous year to date. 
 Apparently a writer can earn more money by not getting films made than by actually getting involved in all that icky and annoying shooting business. 
 Who knew? 
 At the beginning of the year, I made a conscious decision to write something for myself. Something I really, really wanted to write which I would then try to sell. 
 That didn't happen. 
 Instead, I worked almost continuously on other people's ideas with varying degrees of success. 
 I had some lovely meetings with some lovely people and at least one of them I didn't completely screw up. 
 I got paid to write stuff I enjoyed writing for people who actually cared about the script and wanted to get it right … as opposed to caring about the shooting date (tomorrow) and wanting to get it finished … even if 'finished' means 'nobody fucking cares how good it is, we just need some words'. 
 As an added extra bonus, a producer sent one of my scripts to a director whose work I really, really admire. I've no idea if that guy actually liked the script or not. Probably not, but he wanted to read it and therefore at least now knows who I am. 
 I'm the guy who's script he (probably) didn't like. 
 Unless he hasn't read it yet. Which is entirely possible and extremely likely. 
 2014 already has some super cool awesome stuff lined up with a couple of projects lining up on the starting blocks and even a few lumbering asthmatically towards the final set of hurdles. 
 Beyond which are another set of even higher hurdles, because that's what the whole writing gig's about. 
 So bring it on 2014, do your worst! 
 Just nicely. 
 Please? 
 Categories:   BBC ,  Bored ,  Career Path ,  Christmas Crackers ,  Industry Musings ,  My Way ,  Opportunity ,  Persona ,  Progress ,  Random Witterings ,  Rants ,  Sad Bastard ,  Someone Else's Way ,  Strippers vs. Werewolves ,  Things I've Learnt Recently ,  Two steps back ,  Writing and life  |  16 Comments 
 <- Older posts 
 Who hell me? 
 
 I'm a UK scriptwriter who's had nine feature films produced. I've also had some bits and bobs on TV and co-created the first smartphone broadcast, app-drama series, PERSONA. 
 Now in its thirteenth year, this blog is mostly a chronicle of my career; but it's also an insight into the grubby bits of writing no one really tells you about. 
 Reality here has been stretched, altered, bent and completely ignored to make my life funnier, more interesting or just different for the sake of it. 
 Please don't take offence. 
 
 More me 
 You can email me here:  phill@phillipbarron.co.uk 
 Or find out some sensible details about my work here: 
 [ 
 My IMDb page](http://us.imdb.com/name/nm1802461/) 
 #PhonePhill 
 A new ... service(?) 
 Probably not the right word. 
 I've become oddly curious about talking to new people on the phone. 
 If you find yourself at a loose end and fancy a chat,  email me  and we'll see if we can arrange a phone call. 
 It can be about writing or not. Whatever you like. 
 More details here:   #PhonePhill 
 Twitter jabberings 
 
 Yay, new keyboard! A bit more in keeping with my desk. Or as close to in keeping as I can get without spending a co…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 week ago 
 @ SamuelHEvans_  I'd find that really hard to quantify. Toy Stories, Up, The Incredibles ... they're all superb, as are most of the others.  1 week ago 
 @ DebbieBMoon  I could tell de-aged Pierce Brosnan on the right by sight. The other two I only found were separate people in episode six.  1 week ago 
 RT @ TARDISshorts : Seems simple enough. Thanks writer-me. Insincerely, VFX-me P.S. You forgot to mention the giant twinkling Christmas tr…  1 week ago 
 RT @ TARDISshorts : I feel this scene can definitely be added with no effects. The power and beauty of the performances alone preclude the ne…  1 week ago 
 
 Follow @phillbarron 
 Recent Posts 
 
 TARDISshorts Season 2 
 The Tenth Plan/Twice Upon a TARDIS 
 Mew Earth (Part Two) 
 Mew Earth (Part One) 
 The Rings of Ahkaten 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Is comedy subjective? 
 What do producer's notes look like? 
 Writing for your target audience 
 What happens when you give me a 30 day deadline 
 How to write the perfect cameo 
 The other Death Star problem 
 My trumpet 
 Bio 
 Moments later ... 
 Once in a lifetime 
 
 Categories 
 
 #PhonePhill  (23) 
 BBC  (52) 
 BBC Sketch Show  (29) 
 Bored  (49) 
 Career Path  (31) 
 Christmas Crackers  (10) 
 Exposé  (3) 
 Festivals  (40) 
 Fleeced  (6) 
 For Want of a Nail  (1) 
 Future Tense  (5) 
 Geeked  (1) 
 Industry Musings  (125) 
 Just for the Record  (36) 
 K  (10) 
 K-Past  (3) 
 Kapital  (10) 
 Karma Magnet  (9) 
 LVJ  (14) 
 My Way  (173) 
 NewsRevue  (1) 
 Opportunity  (36) 
 Persona  (25) 
 Progress  (157) 
 Publicity  (24) 
 Random Witterings  (308) 
 Rants  (55) 
 Sad Bastard  (175) 
 Sitcom Mission  (2) 
 Software  (9) 
 Someone Else's Way  (172) 
 Sparkle  (3) 
 Stalker  (7) 
 Strippers vs. Werewolves  (17) 
 TARDISshorts  (10) 
 That Band  (8) 
 The Evolved  (1) 
 The Summoning  (9) 
 The Ties That Bind  (3) 
 The Treason Show  (1) 
 The Wrong Door  (28) 
 Things I've Learnt Recently  (70) 
 til Death  (9) 
 Tripping Up  (1) 
 Two steps back  (25) 
 Uncategorized  (10) 
 Writing and life  (58) 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 November 2019 
 September 2019 
 May 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 
 September 2007 
 August 2007 
 July 2007 
 June 2007 
 May 2007 
 April 2007 
 March 2007 
 February 2007 
 January 2007 
 December 2006 
 November 2006 
 October 2006 
 September 2006 
 August 2006 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Adaddinsane 
 BBC writersroom 
 Chris Regan 
 Christine Patton 
 Contains Nuts 
 D F Mamea 
 Danny Stack 
 David Lemon 
 Dominc Carver 
 Eleanor Piper 
 English Dave 
 Good Dog 
 Gordon S. Robertson 
 Helen Smith 
 James Henry 
 James Moran 
 Jane Purcell 
 Jason Arnopp 
 John August 
 John Soanes 
 Julian Friedmann 
 Julie Bower 
 Kevin Lehane 
 Lara Greenway 
 Laurence Timms 
 Lianne 
 Lucy Vee 
 Michael Cook 
 Michelle Lipton 
 Mr and Mrs Wheatley 
 Oli Jeffery 
 Paul Campbell 
 Paul Cornell 
 Piers Beckley 
 Rob Stickler 
 Robin Kelly 
 Sally Lawton 
 Sam Bain 
 ScreenPlay First Look 
 Sheikspear 
 Stuart Perry 
 Tim Clague 
 Todd Gordon 
 William Gallagher 
 William Martell 
 Your Script Needs Work 
 
 Project Blogs 
 
 Fleeced 
 LVJ 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,475 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
