Science News, Fodder for Fiction 
 SciLights Blog 
 
 Home 
 About SciLights 
 Topical News Links 
 
 Divorce 
 Domestic Abuse 
 Employment Trends 
 Gaming 
 Gynecology - General 
 
 Miscarriage 
 
 
 Substance Abuse 
 
 
 Your Input 
 
 Archive for category Fan Fiction 
 Hogwarts School Houses Sorted by Personality Type 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Literature ,  Personality Types ,  Writing Tools  on June 16, 2011 
 Several websites and numerous hobbyists have already given their input on how personality types can be arranged into the four houses of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. Add this to the list. I do not take this seriously. I am writing it with serious intent, but […] 
 Gryffindor ,  Harry Potter ,  Hogwarts ,  Hufflepuff ,  Ravenclaw ,  Slytherin ,  socionics 
 2 Comments 
 Developing Eyes for Details in Writing 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Science Daily ,  Writing Career  on April 10, 2011 
 See Is Beauty Found in the Whites of the Eyes? 'Red Eyes' Associated With the Sad and Unattractive on Science Daily for the news of this research published in Ethology. How is an author to keep her fans from developing an unhealthy attraction to the wrong character? Type "Severus Snape" in a search engine and […] 
 fan fiction 
 Leave a comment 
 I've gone and done it now: Harry Potter fan fiction 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Physics ,  Quantum  on April 8, 2011 
 I'm in the midst of a Harry Potter fan fiction which will involve some quantum physics theory about time travel. So far I've decided to include the Schrodinger's cat thought experiment, as it is a bewitching example of quantum conundrums. I will also have some discussion of traversable wormholes and the concept of time and […] 
 DZMom ,  Fanfiction.net ,  Granger ,  Harry Potter ,  Hermione ,  HGSS ,  relativistic time dilation ,  Schrodinger's cat ,  Severus ,  Snape ,  time space continuum ,  wormhole 
 2 Comments 
 Newest Fan Fiction 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Literature  on May 13, 2010 
 I've started a fan fiction based on the Daniel X character in the current James Patterson series. I've taken the character Daniel and made him into a Don Quixote. If you'd like to read what I've got so far, go to my story at Dan Q: A Hunter. 
 Alien Hunter ,  Daniel X ,  Don Quixote ,  DZMom ,  Fanfiction.net 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 You are currently browsing the archives for the Fan Fiction category. 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thematic Notes on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 
 3rd Dramatic Situation: Crime Pursued by Vengeance 
 Anxiety research for fiction 
 ILE (ENTp) intertype relations 
 Temperaments and Alchemical Elements 
 
 
 
 Older Posts 
 
 
 Older Posts Select Month February 2012  (1) October 2011  (1) September 2011  (1) August 2011  (1) July 2011  (1) June 2011  (1) April 2011  (6) March 2011  (1) May 2010  (1) January 2010  (1) December 2009  (1) October 2009  (1) 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
   Strange Science {Daily} 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   AAAS.org 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 RSS Link 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
