Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pet Trainer 
 PetSmart Canada 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR STORES: 
Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. If you have a passion for pets, a Pet Trainer at PetSmart might be a great fit for you. You’ll lead the pack (well, class) in terms of teaching engaging classes to pet parents for all stages of their pet’s lives. 
 ABOUT THE ROLE: 
As a PetSmart Pet Trainer, you'll take part in our Pet Training Instructor Accreditation Program to learn proven techniques developed by leading dog trainers. When you complete the course, you'll emerge as a trusted Accredited Dog Trainer specializing in dog behavior and learning theory. 
 Upon completion, you’ll be hands-on with pets and leading our Pet Training Programs. Through our broad range of class programs, you will: 
 Teach classes to a variety of dog breeds, sizes and ages 
Lead each class with an emphasis on the safety and comfort for pets and pet parents 
Show patience to pet parents when training their very excited puppy 
Guide pets through our NEW (retail’s first ever) Pet Therapy Training Program 
Have a lot of fun. 
Build strong bonds with all two legged and four legged members of your class! 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
While “sit” and “stay” are common words in our classes, they do not describe your career! Just as we are there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career, too. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit—from the store to the salon or the Pets Hotel 
Develop your leadership skills as a department manager 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the relief Rosie feels when you help her mom select the best food for her upset tummy and her delight when it turns out to be chicken flavored!! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
