
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Engineer/Full Stack Developer 
 Johns Hopkins University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Engineer/Full Stack Developer 
 Johns Hopkins University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Engineer%2FFull%20Stack%20Developer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13804641/software-engineer-full-stack-developer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 August 12, 2020 
 Location: 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Position Overview: 
 The Schatz Lab in the Biology department at Johns Hopkins University is looking for self-driven individuals that can work independently to fill multiple software development positions on the Galaxy Team (galaxyproject.org). The work will revolve around the  Galaxy application  and supporting software with emphasis on DevOps and systems engineering. These positions seek someone who can: 
 
 Design and build cloud infrastructure necessary to allow Galaxy to operate on remote data and connect to remote compute resources; 
 Enhance the Galaxy Helm chart and Galaxy Kubernetes deployments for high-availability and self-healing; 
 Decompose Galaxy into service-based architecture to facilitate more federated approach to resource harnessing; 
 Integrate external authentication and authorization services and solution. 
 
 General Position Summary: 
Responsible for the creation, implementation, maintenance, performance, production support and documentation of various research software. This includes but is not limited to the installation, modification, and testing of new and/or upgraded applications (packages or home grown), operating systems, file structures, hardware, communication devices, and productivity tools. Applies analysis techniques and procedures to gather and then translate user requirements into functional/technical specifications and designs. Using functional specifications and designs, produces all or part of the deliverables. 
 Describe the position’s roles & interactions: 
 As an engineer on the Galaxy Team, you will be responsible for continuing to build support for running and using Galaxy on Kubernetes. This involves developing the Helm chart, designing back-end software to allow Galaxy to make better use of the Kubernetes-based deployments, run experiments to optimize user experience, finding emerging tools and methodologies and showing to the team how to integrate them into the existing systems and processes. 
 Describe the specific systems, applications, projects for which the position is responsible: 
 Galaxy application (galaxyproject.org), which is a software framework that (a) enables researchers to store, analyze, visualize and share genomic data and (b) provides genomic tool developers with the ability to deploy their tools within a complete analysis framework. Galaxy is an extremely popular data analysis platform with thousands of worldwide researchers using it on a daily basis. 
 Describe scale/size of area, project and/or system supported: 
 All work performed in the lab is open source and we are committed to the openness of scientific enterprise. Galaxy is written in Python and Javascript with vue.js while the support infrastructure relies on Helm, Kubernetes, Docker containers, and Ansible. We are looking to expand the capacity of the current application and provider better integration with other similar tools. 
 List required & preferred skills specific to position:  Full stack developer: Helm / Python / Javascript; 
 Knowledge of systems tools such as Helm and Kubernetes, strong understanding of Python and web development principles, including REST API design, understanding of web frameworks, such as Django; familiarity with Javascript (vue.js specifically) is a plus. 
 Job Scope/Complexity: 
 Responsible for full life-cycle of medium to large sized complex projects; strong technical skills; strong ability to understand complex business processes. Develops solutions based on extensive technical knowledge, skills and experience; influences client towards innovative/integrated solutions. 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 The responsibilities listed below are typical examples of the work performed by this position. Not all duties assigned to this position are included, nor is it expected that everyone in this position will be assigned every job responsibility. 
 ANALYSIS AND REQUIREMENTS GATHERING 
 
 Define computer systems architecture for complex research processes related to genomic data analyses by interacting with users to observe and understand current processes and the issues related to those processes. Provide written documentation of findings to share with colleagues. 
 Gather system requirements by meeting with users and researching existing technology to understand the project requirements and possible solutions for new applications. 
 
 DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
 Develop detailed tasks and project plans by analyzing project scope and milestones to ensure product is delivered in a timely fashion according to software lifecycle standards. 
 Write functional/technical specifications from the system requirements, putting them into functional and technical descriptions for use by programmers and business analysts to develop technical solutions. 
 Develop/change data input, files/database structures, data transformation, algorithms, and data output by using appropriate computer language/tools to provide technical solutions for complex application development tasks. 
 Document code and associated processes by adhering to development methodologies, adding code comments and appropriate documentation to various knowledge-base system(s) to simplify code maintenance and to improve support. 
 Provide monitoring and guidance in application design and development to more junior staff. 
 Provide thought leadership in designing and developing innovative integrated solutions. 
 
 TESTING AND DOCUMENTATION 
 
 Create and document test scenarios using the appropriate testing tools to validate and verify application functionality. 
 Test all changes by using the appropriate test scenarios to ensure all delivered solutions work as expected and errors are handling in a meaningful way. 
 Author and maintain documentation by writing audience-appropriate materials to serve as technical and/or end-user references. 
 Mentor junior staff in testing tools and technologies by reviewing their work. 
 
 IMPLEMENTATION AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 Implement changes by adhering to the change management policies and procedures for any given project to communicate to all parties the nature, significance, and risk factors of the solution. 
 Monitor changes and resolve complex problems by responding as they occur, by reviewing all processing and output of the newly implemented solution, and by proactively ensuring the solution works successfully in order to satisfy the customer requirements and to provide a smooth transition to the new solution. 
 Provide support by investigating and resolving issues, including complex issues to ensure prompt, effective service. 
 
 Required Education: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree required. Additional experience may be substituted for education. 
 
 Required Experience: 
 
 Five years of related work experience with computer systems and applications. Additional education may substitute for experience. 
 
 Equivalency Formula: 30 undergraduate degree credits or 18 graduate degree credits = 1 year of experience. For jobs where equivalency is permitted, up to two years of non-related college coursework may be applied towards the total minimum education/experience required for the respective job. 
 Preferred Job Qualifications: 
 
 Knowledge in the assigned application as well as the platform on which it runs. 
 
 Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA’s): 
 
 Must possess all requisite knowledge, skills, and abilities as posted in the supplemental section. 
 Must demonstrate strong critical thinking and analytical reasoning skills. 
 Ability to work on multiple priorities effectively. 
 Ability to prioritize conflicting demands. 
 Ability to execute assigned project tasks within established schedule. 
 Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
 Ability to communicate effectively in the service of users and colleagues. 
 Writes and communicates clearly and concisely. 
 Possesses sound documentation skills. 
 Ability to maintain confidentiality. 
 Must demonstrate exemplary customer service skills 
 
 Classified Title: Software Engineer 
Working Title: Software Engineer/Full Stack Developer ​​​​​ 
Role/Level/Range: ATP/04/PE 
Starting Salary Range: $69,140 to $95,005 annually 
Employee group: Full Time 
Schedule: M-F, 8:30 - 5:00 PM 
Exempt Status: Exempt 
Location: 01-MD:Homewood Campus 
Department name: 10001352-Biology 
Personnel area: School of Arts & Sciences 
 The successful candidate(s) for this position will be subject to a pre-employment background check. 
 If you are interested in applying for employment with The Johns Hopkins University and require special assistance or accommodation during any part of the pre-employment process, please contact the HR Business Services Office at  jhurecruitment@jhu.edu . For TTY users, call via Maryland Relay or dial 711. 
 The following additional provisions may apply depending on which campus you will work. Your recruiter will advise accordingly. 
 During the Influenza ("the flu") season, as a condition of employment, The Johns Hopkins Institutions require all employees who provide ongoing services to patients or work in patient care or clinical care areas to have an annual influenza vaccination or possess an approved medical or religious exception. Failure to meet this requirement may result in termination of employment. 
 The pre-employment physical for positions in clinical areas, laboratories, working with research subjects, or involving community contact requires documentation of immune status against Rubella (German measles), Rubeola (Measles), Mumps, Varicella (chickenpox), Hepatitis B and documentation of having received the Tdap (Tetanus, diphtheria, pertussis) vaccination. This may include documentation of having two (2) MMR vaccines; two (2) Varicella vaccines; or antibody status to these diseases from laboratory testing. Blood tests for immunities to these diseases are ordinarily included in the pre-employment physical exam except for those employees who provide results of blood tests or immunization documentation from their own health care providers. Any vaccinations required for these diseases will be given at no cost in our Occupational Health office. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
Note: Job Postings are updated daily and remain online until filled. 
 EEO is the Law 
Learn more: 
 https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf 
 
 
 Internal Number: 35758-en_US 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Johns Hopkins University 
 Johns Hopkins University remains committed to its founding principle, that education for all students should be grounded in exploration and discovery. Hopkins students are challenged not just to learn but also to advance learning itself. Critical thinking, problem solving, creativity, and entrepreneurship are all encouraged and nourished in this unique educational environment. After more than 130 years, Johns Hopkins remains a world leader in both teaching and research. Faculty members and their research colleagues at the university's Applied Physics Laboratory have each year since 1979 won Johns Hopkins more federal research and development funding than any other university. The university has nine academic divisions and campuses throughout the Baltimore-Washington area. The Krieger School of Arts and Sciences, the Whiting School of Engineering, the School of Education and the Carey Business School are based at the Homewood campus in northern Baltimore. The schools of Medicine, Public Health, and Nursing share a campus in east Baltimore with The Johns Hopkins Hospital. The Peabody Institute, a leading professional school of music, is located on Mount Vernon Place in downtown Bal...timore. The Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies is located in Washington's Dupont Circle area. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at Johns Hopkins University 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Java Software Engineer - Full-Stack 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 J.P.Morgan 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Full-Stack/Java Developer - Merchant Banking Engineering 
 __  Warsaw, Poland 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 Lead Developer (Full-Stack/Java) - Merchant Banking Engineering 
 __  Warsaw, Poland 
 
 
 Goldman Sachs 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
