  
 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 How it works 
 Feedback 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 
 Get Started    Sign In  
 
 
 Language: 
 
  рус 
  eng 
 
 
 
 Working World Abroad 
__ 
 
 
 Jobs 
__ 
 
 
 Teach English in Ecuador 
 
 
 
 | 
 Teach English in Ecuador 
 Academic Institution 
 | 
 Ecuador 
 Cuenca 
 | 
 7-8  USD  /  Hour 
 
 
 
 Apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Apply 
 Summary:  We are a non-profit academic institution with over 25 years of experience dedicated to the understanding of languages and cultures of the Americas, is situated in Cuenca, Ecuador. We are seeking qualified EFL teachers to teach English classes to more than 1000 students. New teachers generally start on January, April, or September of each year. 
 Details:  We need qualified EFL teachers to start September 2018, for a minimum of nine months. Cuenca, Ecuador is located high in a valley in Ecuador's southern Andes. Cuenca is a city of more than 500,000 people and is the third largest city in the country. It enjoys spring-like temperatures year round. In 1999, Cuenca was designated a UNESCO World Heritage site and in the last few years has been considered one of the best places to live and retire. 
 Positions available:  EFL teachers for children, teenagers, and adult 
 Qualifications required:  a Bachelor's Degree, a TEFL/CELTA/TESOL or other teaching-related certificate, and must be a native English speaker or native-like fluent English speaker. Desired qualifications also include experience working with all ages starting at 8 years old to adults, teaching Pronunciation, Speaking and Listening courses, and TOEFL and IELTS Preparation. 
 Duties:  approximately 20 contact hours per week with opportunities for extra tutoring (generally four classes assigned per cycle). Most classes are Monday-Saturday. We also offer an environment where teachers are supported in their professional development with a three-day orientation session, frequent workshops, file-sharing online, continued professional and personal support, etc. 
 Interested Candidates need to send us:  Current resume, Copy of TEFL, TESOL or CELTA certificate, 2 Letters of recommendation – references should be able to describe your English teaching abilities, Copy of current passport – needs to be valid for at least nine months 
 Compensation:  $7.00 an hour (50-hour/ 40-hour courses), $8.00 an hour for Saturday courses. Teachers with an MA in Education are paid $7.50 an hour (50-hour/40-hour courses). Instructors teach at least four classes and are able to request additional classes and/or tutorials, if available. Teachers don’t earn a lot of money by international standards, they do earn enough to live comfortably in Ecuador and gain much in teaching experience and cultural exchange. 
 Other perks include: 
 - Free Spanish classes 
 - Computer use with internet access (wireless at all our sites) 
 - Salsa dance instruction 
 - An available lending library are accessible to all teachers. 
 - We help teachers in their search for accommodations in Cuenca. 
 - Health insurance for teachers and sponsored volunteer visa oncein the country 
 - 50% return on the cost of the visa ($250 visa total cost) 
 - Discounts at different places in town 
 NOTE:  Visa and airfare fees are the teacher's responsibility. 
 VISA COST:  Application $50 
 Volunteer visa $200 
 Teachers have to pay for the total cost of the visa when they apply for it at the Ecuadorian Consulate, but we reimburse 50% of the total cost when teachers are on staff. 
 
 
 
 Posted on 
 October 12, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 Number of Vacant Positions 
 4 
 
 
 Employment dates 
 ASAP 
 
 
 Hours per week 
 40-50 
 
 
 Accommodation (cost if not included) 
 We help teachers in their search for accommodations 
 
 
 Employment 
 Full Time 
 
 
 
 Related jobs 
  Teach in High school  
 High school 
 | 
 China 
 Changsha 
 | 
 12000-14000  CNY  /  Month 
 ---|---|--- 
  English Teacher for school  
 Middle and high school 
 | 
 China 
 Panzhihua city, Sichuan province 
 | 
 6000-7000  CNY  /  Month 
 ---|---|--- 
 
 (C) 2011-2021 
All rights reserved 
 Browse 
 
 Jobs 
 How it works 
 Feedback 
 Blog 
 Contact us 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 VK 
 YouTube 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 info@workingworldabroad.com 
 
 Get Started 
 E-mail __ 
 Password __ 
 I am a jobseeker I am an employer 
 Sign Up 
 Already have account?  Sign In 
 
 ‹ › × 
 
 ‹ › × 
