--spotlight 
 spotlight on abuse: the past on trial 
 
 Home 
 Islington 
 
 By  murunbuch 
 March 5, 2013 
 Islington 
 1 Comment 
 Top Ofsted job for official embroiled in council child sex scandal (4.10.09) 
 Mail on Sunday, 4th October 2009 
By Eileen Fairweather 
 THE Government's childcare watchdog has been heavily criticised after appointing to a senior post an official embroiled in a notorious paedophile scandal. 
 Ofsted has named John Goldup as its social care director - a job which gives him effective control of the protection of youngsters in care homes and nurseries across the UK. 
 At the time of his appointment, Mr Goldup said: I am absolutely convinced that effective inspection and regulation are the key to driving up improvement. 
 But during the Eighties and early Nineties, Mr Goldup was the second most senior figure in the children's department at Islington Council in North London. 
 The council was savaged in a series of official reports after whistleblowers revealed how a child sex ring had operated throughout the borough's care homes for a number of years. 
 An independent inquiry headed by Ian White - then director of social services in Oxfordshire - found that the council was in a deplorable state. 
 The report added: Line managers should have visited children's homes, should have taken necessary action, should have spoken to children and … should have responded to allegations as serious as the ones made and now investigated. 
 Mr Goldup had left his post by the middle of 1994 and has spent the past 15 years with another London borough, most recently in charge of services for the elderly and disabled. 
 In 1992, the council was asked by police investigating the abuse allegations for paperwork relating to Nick Rabet, who helped run one of the homes. He was later exposed as a key organiser of the sex ring. Despite the existence of a number of documents raising concerns about him, in particular his unhealthy relationship with a 13-year-old boy, Rabet's file had mysteriously disappeared. 
At the same time, four staff who had raised concerns about the 58-year-old and other suspected paedophiles working in Islington's homes were sacked, demoted or threatened. 
 Rabet killed himself in Thailand three years ago while awaiting trial there for child abuse. He was charged with molesting 30 underage boys and was believed to have abused up to 300 more. 
 Detective Chief Superintendent Kevin Moore, of Sussex Police, which investigated Rabet, said Islington actively thwarted attempts in the early Nineties to bring Rabet and his cohorts to justice. 
 He said: If we'd had the usual co-operation that you expect and deserve from other agencies, it's a very strong likelihood we would have got a conviction. 
 Clearly, if you don't get that co-operation - and in this case we didn't - you cannot get a case to put before the court, and justice was denied. 
 We are all in a position of trust and of trusting each other to do what's right, but in this case that trust was abused. 
When it was founded, Ofsted was responsible largely for school inspections. But in 2007, its remit was significantly extended to cover children's social care and support services. 
 A spokesman for Ofsted said: John Goldup has a long and distinguished track record in delivering care services, most recently leading Tower Hamlets to an outstanding rating for its adult services for five years in a row. 
 There is nothing to question John Goldup's integrity or his ability to fully and professionally carry out his role at Ofsted, a role he was appointed to following a fully independent and robust recruitment process. 
 The panel were fully aware of every aspect of his employment history throughout this process. 
 While allegations relating to Islington are ultimately a matter for the council, we are confident there is nothing to support suggestions that he acted, then or at any other time, in anything other than a professional manner. 
 Ofsted has full confidence in John in his vital new role as director of social care development. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Richmond Avenue Toilets: Concerns for Children (11.06.82) 
 Police Arrest Righton ( 
 Islington's pro-paedophile activists' network: Roger Moody and Sandy Marks 
 I'm no threat to kids any more (18.2.2000) 
 Headmaster jailed for beating pupils (27.11.86) 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,746,570 hits 
 
 Categories 
 
 1950s 
 1960s 
 Academia 
 Azimuth Trust 
 Bedfordshire 
 Birmingham 
 Brighton 
 Bristol 
 Buckingham Palace 
 Calderdale 
 Cambridgeshire 
 Camden 
 Castle Hill 
 Charities 
 Charles Napier 
 Cheshire 
 Child Sex Tourism 
 Cleveland 
 Cotsbrook Hall 
 CRIES / UNICEF (Belgium) 
 Crookham Court 
 Cyril Smith 
 Daniel Handley 
 Derek Slade (St George's School) 
 Devon & Cornwall 
 Dr Liz Davies 
 Dunblane (Scotland) 
 Durham 
 Education 
 Elm Guest House 
 Entertainment 
 Eric Cross & Herman Spielman 
 Essex 
 Franklin Scandal (USA) 
 Geoffrey Dickens 
 Gisburne House 
 Graham Ovenden 
 Greenwich 
 Greville Janner 
 Greystone Heath 
 Hackney 
 Hampshire 
 Haut de la Garenne (Jersey) 
 Hereford & Worcester 
 Hill End (St Albans) 
 Hull 
 Illegal Adoption 
 Insurance Companies 
 International Paedophile Networks 
 Isle of Lewis (Scotland) 
 Islington 
 Islington: Evening Standard Special Investigation (1992) 
 Jimmy Savile 
 Kent 
 Kincora / Northern Ireland 
 Kneesworth House 
 Lambeth 
 Langton House (Dorset) 
 Leeds 
 Leicestershire (Frank Beck) 
 Lewisham 
 Lincolnshire 
 Liverpool 
 Lothian (Scotland) 
 Manchester 
 Marc Dutroux (Belgium) 
 Millbrook Grange (Warwickshire) 
 Missing Children / Murders 
 Music 
 National Group on Sexual Violence against Children and Vulnerable People 
 National Independent Inquiry Into Organised Child Abuse 
 New Barns School 
 Newcastle 
 NHS / Department of Health 
 North Wales 
 Northampton Park 
 Northern Ireland 
 Northumberland 
 Nottinghamshire 
 Operation Arundel 
 Operation Care (Merseyside & Cheshire) 
 Operation Cathedral 
 Operation Circus 
 Operation Fernbridge 
 Operation Hedgerow 
 Operation Orchid / Stranger, and related 
 Operation Ore 
 Paedophile Action for Liberation 
 Peter McKelvie 
 Peter Righton 
 PIE (Paedophile Information Exchange) 
 Playland (Piccadilly Circus) 
 Police Corruption 
 Public Schools & Prep Schools 
 Quarriers (Scotland) 
 Ralph Underwager 
 Robert Black 
 Rochdale 
 Roger Gleaves ('Bishop of Medway') 
 Sentencing 
 Sheffield 
 Sir Peter Hayman 
 South Wales 
 Southwark 
 Spartacus 
 St Leonards 
 Staffordshire 
 Suffolk 
 Sunderland 
 Surrey 
 Sussex 
 The Church 
 Tower Hamlets 
 TV Documentaries, Films 
 Uncategorized 
 Voice of the Child in Care 
 Westminster 
 Whistleblowers 
 Wolverhampton 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2018 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 1 comment 
 
 Pingback:  Ex-Islington Council boss John Goldup resigns from Ofsted job | spotlight 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
