Skip to content Menu 
 
 Home 
 Quotes To Inspire 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Dispelling the STEM Stereotype 
 Category: Different Jobs 
 Interview Techniques 
 Interview Techniques 
 October 5, 2019October 5, 2019  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Many of you will be starting to apply for Industrial Placements, Graduate Schemes and Jobs over the next few months, so I thought I'd share some tips with you which have helped me in interviews. 
 Have you heard of the  STAR Method ? 
 STAR is a technique we were taught at university to teach us how to answer interview questions, it is a good way on practising how to give context to an answer whilst also promoting yourself. 
 Situation  - Provide a one sentenced context of the situation 
 Task  - What you had to do in the situation 
 Action  - What involvement you had in the situation and task 
 Result  - Whether it was successful or not, and what you learnt 
 For example, if you were asked the question  " How have you demonstrated teamwork?"  you could respond with: (  Situation  ) When I was in university, we had to partake in a group project (  Task  ) where we had to create an app for travelling around London, (  Action  ) within the group I was nominated as Project Manager, this meant I was responsible for the timelines of the app creation and delivery. (  Result  ) We worked well as a team, we'd created a group chat to collaborate and although there were some unexpected issues, as I had built in contingency to the plan it was delivered in time. 
 Body Language 
 Body Language is one of the most important things you need to think about when you're in an interview. Make sure you are sitting up straight, look at your interviewer's when they are talking and when you are answering, smile, and shake hands at the beginning and end. 
 Try to make sure you aren't crossing your arms and slouching, because that will come across that you aren't interested or you are guarded off. 
 My Biggest Piece of Advice 
 The most important piece of advice I can give to you, is to try and talk about things you are passionate about. When you are passionate or excited about something in your life, when you talk about it, you instinctively smile and this is something that will come across well in an interview. If you love horse riding or have competed in athletics and love doing so, then incorporate these in your answers. 
 I hope the above helps & good luck! 
 graduate Jobs 
 Link 
 Viberse 
 July 1, 2019  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 As somebody who is starting off in their career (how have I been graduated for a year already!!!) it is important to seize opportunities and gain a wide range of experience. 
 When somebody who I met through the WCIT asked if I wanted to do some work alongside her for a few of her clients, I jumped at the chance and I'm glad I did! 
 In the last couple of months I've been very quiet on this platform whilst a lot has been going on at my graduate scheme at Whitbread and whilst I've been setting up my company…  Viberse . 
 Starting your own limited company can be a bit tricky to get your head round, and although Whitbread is my main occupation, I love how technology allows me to complete work for clients around my 9-5 job and social life, just to start adding a few more pennies into my house fund! 
 Viberse  is a social media and email marketing consultancy company, I help to deliver relevant content to my client's fan base with the aim of widening their online reach and interesting information to their subscribers. 
 I've learnt so much already and will continue to do so, this definitely shows the power of saying yes to every opportunity! 
 Viberse shameless plug… if you are needing help keeping track of your social media or need to strategise how to improve on your social footprint, feel free to contact me: Tasha@Viberse.com or go to the website:  www.Viberse.com 
 Image 
 Whitbread Careers 
 January 15, 2019  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 It was great to give back to the community today by representing Whitbread at Tring's School Career Fair! 
 It is good to share your career path for others to learn from, both the mistakes and successes. It is also great to know that grades aren't everything, extra curricular and passion goes a long way! 
 Business Computing Inspiration ITGirl Jobs school STEM Technology Women 
 Chat 
 Apply  To Whitbread Graduate Scheme 2019 
 December 20, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 If you're looking for a graduate scheme in IT, then take a look and apply for the scheme that I've been on since September. 
 As part of the IT Architecture stream, I've been working with colleagues on designing new or making changes to existing IT systems. I've learnt so much within 3 months there already with the support of my line manager, mentor and sponsor, as well as, other members of my team and other members of the company. 
 As graduates we are also striving towards giving back, we are doing this through the company aligned charity Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH). 
 With the Costa sale, Whitbread brands such as Premier Inn and Beefeater, are going to be in an even stronger position for growth and this is where IT is key. 
 So take a look: 
 https://www.whitbreadcareers.com/job-details/616447-11216/ 
 If you have any questions, feel free to message me! 🤓 
 Apps Architecture Blogger Brunel Brunel University London Business Coding ComputerScience Computing Confidence Coursework Degree DeskGoals easyJet Education Engineering Exams grad graduate HCI Inspiration Intelligence IT ITGirl ITGirls Jobs learning Life London MadeInBrunel Mobile OnlineWorld Phone placement PressForChange Project Management rolemodel school STEAM STEM STEMStereotypes Tech Technology university WCIT Whitbread Women WomenInTech Work 
 Aside 
 Things To Consider When Applying To A Graduate Scheme 
 September 24, 2018September 20, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Did you graduate this year or will be graduating next year? 
 If so, STEM graduate schemes will start to open from now… and you definitely need to apply NOW before you get too bogged down in your final year of university. 
 I know you are busy, trust me I was too and it is a long process, but I applied to over 20 graduate schemes in early September/October and by mid-December I had my graduate scheme confirmed at Whitbread, which took a lot of pressure off and I could completely concentrate on my final year and smashing my dissertation! 
 Before you start applying, it is best to understand where you can see yourself working, especially if you have not worked in the industry you are applying for or do not know what to apply for. There are plenty of aptitude tests you can also do, to figure out where you may fit into an organisation. 
 The 3 key things to focus on when deciding where you fit into an organisation is: 1) What industries do I care about? 2) What roles do I see myself preferring? 3) What size of business do I want to work for? 
 You also need to consider whether you want to do set rotations or flexible rotations, larger companies often take a larger intake of graduates with set rotations which you may not have as much of a say of where you’re going and what you’re doing, but this may not be what you want and that’s OK. I knew I didn’t want that, that’s why Whitbread is great for me, I am based in one office, I do rotations which are planned between myself, my line manager and HR and I can move around at different paces to gain more experience. Some of my friends from uni are doing consultancy grad schemes, which is where you get trained by one company and then sent to other companies for a fixed amount of time (3 months, 6 months etc) which is fun and you get to experience many companies, but it may inconvenience your travelling etc. 
 Another thing to consider with graduate schemes is whether they are offering a permanent role or whether you will be contracted for the duration of your graduate scheme. If this is not advertised then I would definitely ask about this, because if you are contracted you may not have a guaranteed job at the end of the graduate scheme. 
 Before applying to everything, also think about the salary and how you will get to the job and how that will affect your salary, it isn’t very British to talk about money but it is definitely important when budgeting and thinking about your living and work/life balance. 
 These are the websites that I used which are what companies use to publicise their graduate programmes: 
 Graduate-jobs.com 
 Milkround.com 
 Good luck and if you have any questions – feel free to ask 😊 
 Business Computing Engineering graduate Inspiration Jobs Life STEM Tech Technology Work 
 Aside 
 2 Weeks Into Grad Scheme! 
 September 14, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 I have been fairly quiet on blogging recently because of starting my graduate scheme, learning a lot every day and trying to cram so much in means that the evenings are more about rejuvenating for the next day! 
 That being said, I cannot believe that I have already been at Whitbread for 2 weeks. I am very grateful I got the opportunity to be on the solution architecture graduate scheme, and am very pleased I went with this job. 
 Already I'm getting stuck into projects and am lucky to have a really nice team around me to support me, as well as the other graduates. I didn't realise there was so many types of architecture and what was involved, but I am looking forward to exploring it further. 
 For me I knew I didn't want to be at a company that hire hundreds of grads where you have set rotations, some do and I'm not knocking that, but the fact I'm one of four IT graduates also has its benefits and I feel like I am truly in a role as well as being able to do rotations which I can discuss with my sponsor, line manager and HR to decide where I want to go next. 
 If anybody is in their final year of university or a year after you've graduated, I would definitely take a look at what graduate schemes are out there and apply early, there are plenty of websites such as Milkround that can help, but also research the type of company and role you think you want to go into! I was able to secure my grad job in December which took a lot of pressure out of final year… I wish you all luck!! 
 Now it's the weekend and then back for my third week next week 🤓 
 Architecture Business ComputerScience Computing Confidence grad graduate IT ITGirl Jobs STEM Tech Technology WCIT Women WomenInTech Work 
 Aside 
 Throwback to School 
 June 28, 2018June 27, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 I visited my high school the other day and it was such a surreal experience to think I'd left 4 years ago, but really it hadn't felt like I'd left at all. Seeing my tutor and the Heads of A-level was so great to catch up with them, still the same old humour and supportiveness that I'd received at school. 
 I'd learnt that last year my school was unable to continue IT A-level because it had stopped existing by the exam board and because there wasn't enough IT teachers to cover it, but they informed me that they are going to be bringing it back to my high school as a BTEC course. I'm so glad they've decided to bring it back because I personally felt that it was limiting the students, if I was a student there I probably wouldn't have gone elsewhere for A-levels just because they'd stopped that one subject and it may not have led to what I've achieved over the last 4 years and the excitement I've found in IT and STEM. 
 With a lot of changes recently in government and the change to GCSEs, it's left educators even more so chasing paperwork than concentrating on actual educating. I know the government are trying to entice STEM teacher training, but why would the majority of STEM graduates choose teaching over industry if the starting salary is at least £5K a year more in industry. I know it's not all about money, but to live comfortable after university and be able to afford a house within several years, industry has to be chosen. Personally, I do want to go into teaching at some point in my career, but I want to gain industry experience before I do. 
 It can also be said that the people in charge of the curriculums do not understand STEM subjects (flashback to Mark Zukerberg's hearing about  Facebook  ) and the constant changing and innovation within them, this is why it's hard to teach them because there's so much content to cover… maybe they could and should, be split even further? 
 Regardless, of how STEM is being told to be taught or being taught, it's apparent that it's becoming more of a priority. 🤓 
 
 What else do you think the government or schools themselves can do to engage more students in STEM? 
 
 Computing Education Exams Inspiration IT ITGirl Jobs learning school STEM Technology 
 Ways To Find Talented Female Coders 
 Ways To Find Talented Female Coders 
 June 13, 2018June 3, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Take a look at this article written by Beata Green, on ways of finding talented female coders even with a shortage of women coming out of computer science degrees. 
 https://scrappywomen.biz/tag/beata-green/ 
 
 There is a marked gap between the number of male and female students enrolled in computer science in schools. That means very few women are entering into a computing career. Moreover, this is a concern, because the lack of women in information systems careers can actually slow down the economy. Not only that, but the risk trickles down to companies who are missing out on the more diverse teams that studies say will make their businesses more successful. 
 
 Business Inspiration London Technology Work 
 Aside 
 Guest Blog: Why Work Experience is the Most Important Thing You Will Do 
 May 1, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Pleased to have been able to guest blog on Placer's website on how doing work experience is the most important thing you will do! 
 Take a look 🙂 
 https://placer.co.uk/blog/29/why-work-experience-is-the-most-important-thing-you-will-do 
 graduate Inspiration placement Placer STEM university Work 
 Image 
 Equal Pay Day 
 April 10, 2018April 10, 2018  by  TashaMorrison  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 It's crazy that in 2018, women are still considerably underpaid for the same jobs that men get paid for. 
 What confuses me, is that governments and companies are crying out for more women in business, STEM and to create a diverse business community. But why would women want to go into any work, when they know they are going to be patronisingly paid less. 
 My opinion in all of this is not that I should be paid more than a man, nor chosen for a job over a man, but just to simply be treated equally. 
 Business Degree Education Inspiration IT ITGirl Jobs STEM Technology Women 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blockchain Overview 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 #EqualInTech 
 Workwear 
 Oct 2019 
 Interview Techniques 
 The Great Hack 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,352 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 #DoIT  (19) 
 Articles  (27) 
 Books To Read  (7) 
 Calling for Diversity in IT  (26) 
 Different Jobs  (11) 
 Education  (26) 
 Events  (10) 
 How Is Tech Involved…  (7) 
 Inspiration  (55) 
 Life Updates  (14) 
 Personal Achievements  (19) 
 Quotes To Inspire  (12) 
 Retro  (2) 
 Shop  (2) 
 Tech To Get  (11) 
 Thoughts To Ponder  (27) 
 Travelling  (10) 
 Uncategorized  (20) 
 Walk A Month In My Heels  (4) 
 YouTube Videos  (1) 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 
 #EqualInTech 
 
 
 Workwear 
 
 
 Oct 2019 
 
 
 Interview Techniques 
 
 
 The Great Hack 
 
 
 Viberse 
 
 
 Melinda Gates on Letterman 
 
 
 Katalytik 
 
 
 Do you care about screen time? 
 
 
 Age-Restricted Like and Stream Limits? 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
