Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (519) 
 IT & Programming  (196) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (63) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (127) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (39) 
 Customer Service  (7) 
 Finance & Accounting  (19) 
 Others  (27) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (519) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (151) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (138) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (59) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (29) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Not Sure  (109) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (519) 
 Featured  (29) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Sales & Marketing Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 6 of 6 results ) 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Time Left : 7 day 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Digital Project Manager 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   SMM - Social Media Marketing  Posted: 14th Dec 2020 Ends: 6 hours   8 Proposals 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experi... 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experience of team and client management. Absolutely must be able to work independently with little input required. Must be able to think intuitively, good problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will be able to identify a client's desires and create a digital marketing plan to cater to these desires. This individual will have experience in creating a plan and communicating the timelines, goals and budget to the relevant teams. Throughout their role, this individual will serve as a liaison between the client and various teams and facilitate communication between teams. Anyone who requires lots of input and cannot work things out for themselves need not apply. Responsibilities Outline project goals, timeline, budget and execution plan Follow compliance and quality standards throughout the project Facilitate communication between relevant internal business units Communicate with client to understand needs and manage expectations Qualifications Experience in digital marketing space or relevant area Strong analytical, communication and leadership skills Experience working with social media in professional setting Knowledge of industry trends and standards 
 Skills:  Email Marketing ,  Internet Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  chaseinsulations  ,  India 
 Hiring Business Development Executive Work Remotely 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Sales  Posted: 15th Dec 2020 Ends: 2 days   8 Proposals 
 Skills - Online Bidding Should have great knowledge of Online Bidding Portals, Previous experience in IT Company Preferred. Good Communication Client Handling, Technically Good, Target Oriented, Proposal Making. Expe... 
 Skills - Online Bidding Should have great knowledge of Online Bidding Portals, Previous experience in IT Company Preferred. Good Communication Client Handling, Technically Good, Target Oriented, Proposal Making. Experience - Fresher/Experienced We are looking for an ambitious and energetic Business Development Manager for long term to help us expand our clientele. You will be the front of the company and will have the dedication to create and apply an effective service strategy for clients bring by you. Initially, will need you to work on healthy commission basis with incentive, after the sales picks up, you will get fix salary with commission. Responsibilities and Duties Must have experience in Online Bidding on the portals like Upwork, Freelancer etc. Must have excellent communication skills (verbal and written both). Lead generation, searching the new market strategy and making agents all over the world Writing Proposal / Costing/ Negotiations/ prepare project schedules. Review and check procedures and documentation, prepare the release package. Creating a pipeline of projects in Web Design, Development, and Mobile applications. Knowledge of Direct and online marketing of web-based software development. Candidate should know to write proposals for projects, Setup portfolio on websites and get projects through these websites. Online marketing campaigns. Interact with clients for their technical requirements. Should preferably be from a technical background (IT Industry) Should be interactive and submit work/update on a daily basis is must. 
 Skills:  Freelance Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Sales ,  Direct Marketing 
 Client:  softkonnect  ,  Canada 
 SEO & MARKETING FOR NEWS PORTAL 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Internet Marketing  Posted: 16th Dec 2020 Ends: 3 days   27 Proposals 
 We need full SEO On-page for all post categories,Off page seo - Off-Page optimization, Social Networking, Content writing,Keyword planning. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------... 
 We need full SEO On-page for all post categories,Off page seo - Off-Page optimization, Social Networking, Content writing,Keyword planning. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Additional Information Added on 16th Dec, 2020 Lowest & Best bidder will be awarded ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Additional Information Added on 20th Dec, 2020 website's - https://press24.in & https://english.press24.in Keywords - press24,press24 news,press24news,press 24,hindi news and all related to news 
 Skills:  Branding ,  Google Webmaster Central ,  Internet Marketing ,  Market Research ,  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  press24news 
 SEO Expert Required 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 18th Dec 2020 Ends: 4 days   24 Proposals 
 Hello I am looking for On-page seo expert, especially for Codeigniter website. I have 3 websites at the moment that requires the on-page seo task. Roles & Responsibility:- - Expertise in keyword research, on... 
 Hello I am looking for On-page seo expert, especially for Codeigniter website. I have 3 websites at the moment that requires the on-page seo task. Roles & Responsibility:- - Expertise in keyword research, online research, and competitors analysis to determine the right keywords that drive targeted traffic - Planning, development, experiment and implementation of SEO strategies on given projects. - Conduct On-site and off-site SEO for increasing web traffic. Must have good knowledge and experience in the following on-page and off-page SEO factors. - Excellent knowledge of Meta tags, Sitemap (HTML & XML), HTML Validation and content optimization. - Continuous observing the industry latest trends and remaining on top of - search engine algorithmic changes. The hiring process will be:- 1. Show past work where you perform the on-page activity for Codeigniter website 2. Interview: Chat or Call 3. Award Job 
 Skills:  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  seo123 
 Looking for Telemarketer 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Telemarketing  Posted: 19th Dec 2020 Ends: 6 days   3 Proposals 
 Looking for someone with good communication skills in English and Hindi. The person should be based out of Delhi-NCR region. The job responsibilities would include calling up leads (Top Management of companies), understa... 
 Looking for someone with good communication skills in English and Hindi. The person should be based out of Delhi-NCR region. The job responsibilities would include calling up leads (Top Management of companies), understanding their requirement, submitting proposals, negotiating and closing deal. Budget - Rs. 100 per hour + Sales Commission. Work Time - 2 Hours per day, Monday to Saturday. Start Date - immediately. If you have done similar work in the past, please share the details. 
 Skills:  Sales ,  Telemarketing 
 Client:  bconsult2014  ,  India 
 Dating assistant 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Internet Marketing  Posted: 21st Dec 2020 Ends: 7 days   8 Proposals 
 Hi - I'd like an assistant to subscribe me to a dating website in the uk. I can't do it myself using my bank card for personal (confidentiality) reasons. Would anyone be able to help? It's a one off job, s... 
 Hi - I'd like an assistant to subscribe me to a dating website in the uk. I can't do it myself using my bank card for personal (confidentiality) reasons. Would anyone be able to help? It's a one off job, should take 10 mins and I'm happy to pay the cost of the premium subscription via Western Union in advance, then £50 (c.5,000 rupees) for the work. Get in touch if you have a credit / debit card and can help! Regards 
 Skills:  Advertising ,  Internet Marketing ,  Sales 
 Client:  tadeane 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
