Skip to content 
 Work Sucks 
 MENUMENU 
 
 Freelance 101 
 Work Rants 
 
 
 Latest Rants 
 
 Cart pushing sucks 
 Fed up 
 Call Center 
 Manipulative low-minded fuck- brains 
 My paranoid narcissistic boss 
 
 
 
 Share Your Rant 
 
 
 All Rants 
 
 
 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 So sick of these jobs 
 Posted on  July 18, 2019  by  anonymous 
 Where to begin. I'm a temporary assistant to 3 marketing reps and the marketing manager. The manager has made it very clear that this is a long term temporary assignment that will not go permanent. I would need a BA in marketing for that and even then I would need at least 2 to 5 years of experience. I share the position with another temp. She also shares my dislike for the work. It's tedious, boring, and "bitch work." Two of the marketing reps are pretentious and treat us like second class citizens because we're not educated like them. They pass along all the shitty and annoying tasks they don't have time to do even if it's something so simple that'll take them two seconds. I've been doing this kind of work for 10+ years now and although i dont have 40 years behind me of shitty jobs, im getting fed up with not being good enough to be given a chance to prove that i can do more. I've decided to go back to school and earn a degree doing what i love and something that will make me feel fulfilled in my career. Still, that'll take time and I'll be stuck doing these degrading jobs until my time comes to do something better. 
 What do you think of this post? 
 
 
 Like (2) 
 
 
 Funny (0) 
 
 
 Sad (1) 
 
 
 Sucks (0) 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 __  UNFAIR weekends! [technician  __](https://worksucks.com/work-rants/__trashed-20/) 
 2 thoughts on "So sick of these jobs" 
 
 Emilia  says: 
 
  April 5, 2020 at 3:56 pm   
 Don't let other people decide your worth. I was working with a so-called 'marketing manager' who was clueless but treated others like shit. Marketing wasn't even my strength, but I researched a strategy and sent it straight to the CEO, undermining the 'manager' and it worked in my favour. I now look like I know what I am talking about and the 'manager' was sacked. Sadly for others, he is failing upwards, but at least he isn't at the company anymore. And wouldn't you know it? The marketing manager position is vacant… Don't ever say you are not good enough for a space. Go and prove yourself to senior mgmt. There are ways. Good luck. 
 Reply 
 
 Gigi  says: 
 
  May 12, 2020 at 5:12 pm   
 Hang in there! It's good to see your taking action to make things better for yourself. May take a while longer but you'll get to a better Place in your career soon enough. 
 Reply 
 Have something to say?  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment * 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page.   Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. 
 Sign up for Updates 
 We'll only reach out if there's something amazing to share. 
 Popular Posts 
 Like 
 
 How to Work Remotely and Travel (20) 
 Imbeciles and Fuktards run the world (13) 
 How Mike Made $10K in a Month on Fiverr (12) 
 Restaurants Suck (10) 
 How Jan Made $2,600 a Month through FreeeUp (9) 
 
 Latest Rants 
 
 Cart pushing sucks 
 Fed up 
 Call Center 
 Manipulative low-minded fuck- brains 
 My paranoid narcissistic boss 
 
 Recent Articles 
 
 How Jan Made $2,600 a Month through FreeeUp 
 Reselling Goods For Profit 101 
 Freelance Grant Writing 101 
 Making Side Cash and More as an AirBNB Manager 
 Golf Putting Green Installation is a Hole in One Biz 
 
 Free Resume Template 
 Get a free resume template for Google Docs!  
 __ 
 Copyright (C) 2019 worksucks.com |  Privacy Policy 
