  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Newton Abbot, England 
 Rate:  £16.36 - £19.53 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Assistant Management Accountant - Home Working (South West) 
 One of the largest housing associations in the South West is recruiting for an Assistant Management Accountant to join their team on an interim basis and assist the management accountant to produce the monthly managements promptly and accurately to agreed formats. 
 The role is based in Newton Abbot, but is currently home working. 
 The Role 
The focus of the role is to support the Management Accountant in producing monthly managements promptly and accurately to agreed formats, working with budget holders to prepare annual budgets for individual schemes and services and to lead on the preparation of management accounts information for asset management, fixed assets and development. 
Additional tasks and responsibilities will include: 
, Assist in the preparation of accurate monthly management accounts in the agreed format to an agreed timetable 
, Liaise as necessary with the financial accounting team to ensure that all transactions have been processed 
, Answer queries from budget holders in respect of their management accounts 
, Assist in the creation of new management reports to meet the changing requirements of the organisation 
, Prepare monthly expenditure reports for both revenue and capital asset management expenditure 
, Maintain the component accounting database for component additions, replacements and disposals and reconcile to the accounting system 
, Maintain the project ledger and fixed asset ledger 
, Attend operational department team meetings as required to review the management accounts 
, Prepare quarterly forecasts for the year end projection of asset management expenditure 
, Work with budget holders to prepare the annual revenue and capital budgets for individual schemes, services and departments 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for this role, you will need previous experience working within management accounts, have excellent MS Excel skills and ideally be studying for a CCAB or CIMA qualification. 
 Experience of accountancy software RAM would be a bit advantage to any application. 
 As the current incumbent of the role has recently handed in their notice, you must be able to hit the ground running. 
 The role is usually based in Newton Abbot, but is currently home working, ideally you will still be based around the South West for any essential meetings that may need to take place. 
 The Contract 
This is a full time role, working 36.25 hours per week, for an initial 2-3 month period, covering the recruitment process for a permanent position, therefore there is a chance the role could be extended or become permanent. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 How Apply 
To apply for this role, please send your CV Lee McMillan at Service Care Solutions via lee . 
 mc millan @ service care . 
 org . 
 uk. 
 You can also call Lee on 01772 208 966 discuss the role in more detail. 
 
 
 Start:  7/12/20 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  £16.36 - £19.53 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Newton Abbot, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Finance 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 10:27:04 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
