Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Supervisor 
 Walker Aggregates 
 __Simcoe County, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Operations Supervisor will work closely with our quarry and pit Production Supervisors and Superintendents with the goal of acquiring the knowledge and skills necessary for the management of quarry/pit business. This entails day to day operations, customer relations, people and leadership. The ideal candidate will be someone who has some experience working in quarries/pits, working experience in managing a team and is ready to become a great business leader. The ideal candidate will also have some experience working in a pit/quarry environment either as a lead hand, or someone with increased responsibility within a unit of operations such as a processing plant and/or crushing crew. Experience managing an aggregate operation is preferred. A recent graduate from an engineering or engineering technologist program would be considered an asset. 
 WALKER AGGREGATES 
 Walker Aggregates is a division of Walker Industries. 
 We supply high quality aggregates and asphalt to communities across much of Ontario. 
 The materials produced at our quarries, pits and asphalt plants are used to build Ontario’s infrastructure, which is the foundation of our economy – including roads, bridges, underground infrastructure, sidewalks, houses, schools and hospitals. 
 It’s a stable, prosperous business that endures in many economic climates. Learning a business like this sets you up to build the kind of career you’ve been planning for. 
 OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR 
 The successful candidate will tour our operations and be introduced to our process flow at various locations. An introduction will also be given to MTO LS Test Manual and test methods for Aggregates & OPS (Ontario Provincial Standards) Specifications Manual, as well as our Internal Lab Manual. The incumbent will become fully competent in Type C Laboratory Testing Procedures and Type D Laboratory Physical Testing Procedures. 
 The Operations Supervisor will also spend time in our Health and Safety and Environmental Performance Departments, developing a clear understanding of Walker business practices and priorities. 
 The incumbent will work closely with a quarry/pit Superintendent to learn the process flow, capacity, and best management practices. A period of time will be spent in an aggregates scalehouse to understand the flow of material, products and customers. A market tour of customers and competitors, in conjunction with a Sales Manager will also take place. 
 At the conclusion of the training period, the Operations Supervisor will transition into a supervisory role, as business needs change. 
 Skills/Qualifications 
 1+ years’ of experience in managing a team. 
1-2 years’ experience with heavy equipment. 
1+ years’ working experience in quarries/ pits. 
Excellent people skills and an ability to multi task on a daily basis. 
Dedication to the acquisition of knowledge and skills. 
Experience working within a pit/quarry environment as a lead hand or increased responsibility within a unit of operation (processing plant and/or crushing crew) would be an asset. 
Preference will be given to those with familiarity of quarry/pit processes and working experience in managing an aggregate operation. 
A recent graduate from an engineering or engineering technologist program would be considered an asset. 
If that sounds like you, this could be the perfect opportunity to launch a great career. 
 Working at Walker Industries 
 Established in 1887, we are proud to be a fifth-generation, family-owned, Canadian company. Our group of companies includes aggregates, paving & construction, emulsions and environmental waste & recycling solutions. We are known for our philanthropy and ‘above and beyond’ service to our customers and communities. 
 There’s a lot more we’re proud of too. 
 We’re proud to be growing, serving more customers and providing more jobs across Canada and the USA. 
 We’re proud of our environmental stewardship – rehabilitating of all our aggregate sites in an improved condition from which we found it. 
 We’re proud to use the best tools and technology in the business – serving our customers well and keeping our employees safe. 
 And we’re proud of an awesome people-first culture. Working here means being part of a team – not a cog in a machine – and even in regional offices, we feel valued, autonomous, and central to the action. Everyone at Walker has a voice. 
 How to Apply 
 Our online application will give you the opportunity to submit a resume and cover letter. 
 We value diversity and inclusion and encourage all qualified people to apply. If we can make this easier through accommodation in the recruitment process, please contact us with the “Need Help” button in the application. 
 We will review applications as they are received, with priority given to those who have completed the assessment, and look forward to hearing from you. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
