__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Carol Vernon, Certified Executive Coach 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 Clients will benefit differently depending on their needs. However, the common denominator is that each client will experience clarity and forward movement in the area they choose to focus on. Through my proven coaching process, I help clients cut through the clutter of whatever area of their life they are most focused on and desire change. Examples include: 
 
 Managing teams and boards more effectively 
 Managing career paths more intentionally 
 Communicating executive presence more powerfully 
 Dealing with difficult people and costly relationships 
 Creating greater self-awareness; providing new perspectives 
 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 "You provided the sounding board and guidance I needed to feel more confident and focused in my new leadership role." 
 "Carol helped me gain more self-awareness about what things I control, what things I influence, and what things are out of my control." 
 "Carol helped me clarify what I most want in my life so I'm able to focus on creating plans and getting things done." 
 "For the first time I was able to see and really understand other perspectives, and see other possibilities." 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 "Carol brings a deep understanding of the human dynamics and the economic realities at play in today's workplace. Her organizational savvy meant that we could hit the ground running... she really understood what was going on in my organization and I leave every coaching session with very clear thinking about how I want to proceed." 
 Trade Association Executive Director 
 "I'm glad to recommend Carol Vernon to anyone seeking a collaborative partnership dedicated to their success. Carol's naturally warm style meant that she connected with me and those around me easily to help me gain more awareness about what's working and what's not. Her directness also allowed me to see my blind spots and together we identified what steps I need to take to leverage my strengths for my success." 
 Association Senior Director 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 I am fueled by a belief that doing your job well isn't enough. Without executive presence and the ability to communicate effectively with diverse stakeholders, association leaders can't achieve their full potential or achieve the results they seek. After working in the association community and political arena for many years as a senior communications professional, today I am passionate about helping others in the association and nonprofit community tap into their full potential and maximize their impact through individual and team coaching and training. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 
 Real world understanding of how organizations work (10+ years working in associations and 10+ working in for-profit and national political roles) 
 Direct communication style 
 Abundance of tools to support you, including 360s, and individual and team communication, work style, and behavioral/personality assessments 
 Extensive coaching experience working with association leaders, as well as ongoing professional training on best practices for leading and working in teams 
 Deep understanding and compassion about the change and growth journey 
 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 More than 200 association CEOs, senior leaders, rising leaders, and association teams, including: 
 
 Association and corporate leaders (mid- and senior levels) committed to increasing their leadership and communication skills 
 Leaders and their teams focused on increasing team effectiveness, working relationships, and communication styles 
 Associations committed to creating a coaching culture throughout the organization 
 
 What is your professional background? 
 I am a certified executive coach with more than 20 years of experience in non-profits, for-profits, and government organizations. After more than a decade in senior leadership positions in national associations, I became a coach to help individuals and teams become more effective in the workplace and more fulfilled in their lives. I serve as an on-site executive coach at the ASAE Annual Meetings and am a frequent speaker and presenter at their women's executive forum luncheons and career development programs. I also serve on the faculty of Yale's Campaign School for Women Leaders, where I provides leadership and communications coaching for rising leaders committed to public service. 
 My professional experience includes, congressional and White House political staffer, senior director for a trade association, and acting executive director for a professional society. 
 I am certified by the coaching industry's primary certification body, the International Coaching Federation (ICF). I completed her coach training through the Coach Training Alliance and the Coaches Training Institute, and I have a BA and did graduate studies in communications. 
 Ready To Get Started With Carol? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
