Skip to content 
 Mild-Mannered College Journalist by day, Video Game Fanatic by night 
 Search 
 
 Jason's Blog - Work in Progress 
 Tag: Job Applications 
 
 Post-Grad socials 
 There are a lot of things to do after you graduate from college. 
 An obvious example is looking for jobs. But what do you have to do before you look for jobs? 
 The smart folks in my audience will say you have to cultivate a strong set of marketable skills to entice and/or fool employers into thinking you have potential, only to really hone those skills while circumnavigating imposter syndrome at the new workplace. 
 The galaxy brain folks in my audience will say you update your social media accounts. 
 I know that's a stretch and largely an excuse for me to open an otherwise innocuous blog post, but there is a kernel of truth to the idea. 
 Personally, I hate having to update my social media accounts. It goes against my internal desire to stay away from those platforms as much as possible. 
 But I'm one of three people in my generation that hates being active on social media, and many workplaces do check accounts when they're hiring a job candidate. 
 So it might not be the best look to have bios on every platform that are months old and inaccurate. At least not when big life transitions cause ripples in your identification information. 
 That's why I decided to take part of my off-day to update all of my account biographies and pictures — with some of my favorite graduation-related images. 
 Because I got a few of them. 
 Here's my current  Facebook  : 
 Twitter  : 
 Instagram: 
 And _  LinkedIn: _ 
 Arguably the most important out of the four in terms of job acquisition. As a result, I even went through and updated the profile to reflect some of  my recent awards  and  other accolades . 
 Much like I did to with my resume a few weeks ago . 
 If you're asking why I bothered to share all of this with you today… I mostly just didn't have anything else to talk about. 
 But I also think it's a good idea to get some kind of record as to how my social media looks today, that way I can compare to whatever sort of growth I'll experience in the next leg of my professional journey. 
 Going through all of my social media accounts got me thinking that it might be time to update my blog soon, too. 
 It hasn't changed aesthetically since I threw something together three years ago for a class assignment. Yet the platform has grown into something I'm trying to actively write for, and who knows what extra attention I might get with a spruced up space? 
 If I do get around to that, I'll absolutely milk it for another blog post. 
 
 Featured Image courtesy of cogdotblog via Wikimedia Commons 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 May 26, 2019 
 
 
 Awards 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 College 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Graduation 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Job Applications 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 My Blog 
 
 
 Organizations 
 
 
 Photography 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 
 School 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Technology 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Wikimedia Commons 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Meeting expectations 
 If my life were a series of  Sesame Street  episodes, the word of the day would be: Meetings. 
 Pretty much as soon as I woke up, I joined Mom at a local Starbucks to have breakfast with Tatjana — the wife of Magic Moreno,  who I spoke to for Gladeo  not long ago. 
 Worth reading if you haven't. 
 Breakfast was a nice, quiet opportunity to relax and sip down a little coffee. Both of which are very important the week before Finals and graduation. 
 Speaking of relaxing.  I mentioned Tarantino movies the other day , but I've also been chilling out by watching some speedruns from various  Games Done Quick  events. 
 For those of you who don't know,  GDQ  is a series of video game marathons where games are played for record times, under conditions ranging from basic 100 percent completion to multi-player races and even bizarre hacks like randomizers. 
 All to raise money for charity while showing off cool tricks. Definitely worth supporting. 
 My tastes are currently aligned with  Super Metroid  ,  A Link to the Past  and  Mario Sunshine . 
 However, I'm watching  a neat  Super Mario RPG  run  while writing this post, so that's worth a shout out. 
 GDQ aside, after breakfast I made my way to Fullerton for the semester's last CSUF Society of Professional Journalists meeting. 
 We ate pizza, discussed what did or did not work about our events and elected part of the board for next year. Most of the current group is graduating, so it's a big old passing of the torch. 
 My girl  Kristina , who is not graduating, will be taking over as President. And I know she's going to kill it. 
 From left to right:  Jared Eprem , me,  Harrison Faigen ,  Rick Piñon ,  Kristina Garcia  and faculty advisor  Frank Russell . Photo taken by  Anita Ally . 
 Guess I'll have to update all my social media descriptions pretty soon to reflect all this graduating/moving on from things. 
 That's certainly what I started doing last night. 
 
 In the meantime, why don’t you go back and read the thing I wrote about my Smash Bros. Cinematic Universe if you haven’t! That was a fun thing to pull together and it could probably use some more hits. https://t.co/F0k6HrkxCe 
 -- Jason Rochlin (@jdrochlin)  May 8, 2019 
 
 Job applications. Gotta love them. 
 I'll get back to that eventually. In the meantime, from SPJ I went to my next meeting in the Honors Center to try and complete a few more graduation requirements. Namely getting my Honors Project title page signed off on. 
 Which I did: 
 Now all I have to do is compile  the stuff I've done  so I can officially turn the damn thing in and move on. 
 While in the Center I had a lovely chat with Dr. Simoes as well. We spoke briefly  at my presentation , but today he was more than happy to congratulate me for getting the project through this next step. 
 He even told me he'll be buying a copy of my book once it's published — so long as I sign a first edition for him. 
 It was very sweet. 
 After all of that I came back to Redondo and set up a meeting with Michelle to give back  that lovely computer  I've been holding onto. Too bad I never got it to full working condition on account of internet issue, but it'll be much happier with a video editor where it belongs. 
 Once that was done, I went to probably my most important meeting of the day: 
 A meeting with the treadmill. 
 Because with all of this graduation stress on my shoulders it honestly feels great to go burn some calories and let off some steam. 
 Highly recommended stress relief, folks. Especially if you can watch some dope GDQ runs while you're running! 
 You know I've got those great set-up/pay-offs. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 May 8, 2019May 8, 2019 
 
 
 2019 
 
 
 A Link to the Past 
 
 
 Breakfast 
 
 
 Cal State Fullerton 
 
 
 Charity 
 
 
 Coffee 
 
 
 Computer 
 
 
 CSUF 
 
 
 Essays 
 
 
 Exams 
 
 
 Exercise 
 
 
 Finals 
 
 
 Food 
 
 
 Gamecube 
 
 
 Games Done Quick 
 
 
 GDQ 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Graduation 
 
 
 Gym 
 
 
 Honors Program 
 
 
 IMDB 
 
 
 Job Applications 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Kristina Garcia 
 
 
 Legend of Zelda 
 
 
 Magic Moreno 
 
 
 Mario 
 
 
 Metroid 
 
 
 Mom 
 
 
 Money 
 
 
 Movies 
 
 
 Nintendo 
 
 
 Paulo Simoes 
 
 
 Quentin Tarantino 
 
 
 Randomizer 
 
 
 Redondo Beach 
 
 
 Relaxation 
 
 
 School 
 
 
 Senior Honors Project 
 
 
 Sesame Street 
 
 
 SNES 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Society of Professional Journalists 
 
 
 Speedrun 
 
 
 SPJ 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 SSBCU 
 
 
 Starbucks 
 
 
 Super Mario RPG 
 
 
 Super Mario Sunshine 
 
 
 Super Metroid 
 
 
 Super Smash Bros. 
 
 
 Super Smash Bros. Cinematic Universe 
 
 
 Technology 
 
 
 Television 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 University Honors Program 
 
 
 Video Games 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Blog Stuff 
 Books 
 Communications 436 
 Election 
 Honors 210B 
 Journalism 
 Miscellaneous/Unsorted 
 Movies 
 Music 
 School 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Television 
 Trading Card Games 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Games 
 
 Check out my journalism experience! 
 
 BOOM California 
 Daily Titan Articles 
 Game Rant Features 
 Game Rant News Articles 
 Gladeo League Spotlights and Profiles 
 Hear me on the radio 
 High Tide Articles 
 
 Tags 
 Alyson   Archive Articles   California   Cal State Fullerton   CSUF   Daily Titan   DT   Fire Emblem   Fire Emblem Heroes   Fire Emblem Heroes Update   Gladeo   Intelligent Systems   Journalism   Life   Mobile Games   Mobile Gaming   Movies   My Life   News   Nintendo   Orbs   Pokemon   School   Social Media   Summoning Focus   Twitter   Video Games   Work   Writing   YouTube 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A very, very long overdue New Year's update 
 See you Space Cowboy… 
 Off to the races! 
 ART (and pita bread) 
 Rain, rain, go away 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 
 Follow Jason's Blog - Work in Progress on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
