Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 (Virtual) Camp Leader, Western Space 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Institute for Earth and Space Exploration (Western Space) at Western University is a leading organization for Earth and space exploration research and training in Canada. The mission of the Institute is to lead in interdisciplinary research and innovation in Earth and space exploration, and to strengthen and grow the Canadian Earth and space exploration communities through inspiring and training the next generation of scientists, engineers, social scientists and entrepreneurs. 
 The Institute hosts a vibrant Public Education and Outreach program that houses various programs such as the Space Explorers Program, Space Matters Initiative, Classroom workshops, Public Events, Western Space Ambassador Program and more! 
 Responsibilities 
 The candidate must meet Canada Summer Jobs eligibility: 
be between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the employment* 
 be a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act for the duration of the employment**; and, 
 have a valid Social Insurance Number at the start of employment and be legally entitled to work in Canada in accordance with relevant provincial or territorial legislation and regulations 
 More information can be found here on eligibility:  https://www.canada.ca/en/employment-social-development/services/funding/canada-summer-jobs/screening-eligibility.html 
 Responsibilities: 
Due to the current situation of COVID-19, the Institute is pivoting to space themed online programming to continue reaching the students, educators and members of public throughout the academic year. 
 The leader will support the Institute team in all aspects of outreach programming. The leader will be coordinating and leading virtual outreach programming for classrooms and groups. They will be assisting in curriculum development for the outreach programming. They will be also be assisting in development, coordination and execution of virtual public outreach events. The leader must have a Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) background with good knowledge in one of the various planetary science and space exploration fields: biology, geology, geography, engineering, medical science, physics or astronomy. The applicant must hardworking, passionate about science communication and love working with children. 
 Education: 
 
 If you have a Bachelors or Masters degree, the degree must be in STEM fields, planetary science, space exploration or related fields. 
 If enrolled in an undergraduate program, you must be enrolled in STEM, planetary science or related fields and must be in the 3rd or 4th year of the undergraduate program. 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Experience in developing, teaching or leading workshops in classroom setting is required. 
 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Applicant must be open to learn and lead the various space science and technology related activities. 
 Enthusiastic and outgoing individual who is a strong team player and enjoys working with kids. 
 Reliable and dependable individual with strong work ethics, following processes and adhering to practices set forth by the camp. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills with an ability to adapt based on the audience. 
 Ability to understand, analyse and resolve issues with campers and parents 
 Personable and courteous in working relationships with colleagues and customers. 
 Ability to maintain a positive and outgoing attitude with genuine customer service orientation 
 Demonstrates exceptional leadership, organization and time management skills. 
 Ability to multi-task and work in accordance to the policies and procedures of the camp as well as Western University. 
 
 Why Western? 
 Western offers a broad and exciting variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities with ample room for job exploration and growth. Within our beautiful campus, you are part of a progressive work environment that promotes work/life balance including access to our state-of-the-art recreation centre. Apply for an opportunity to be part of the Western community and contribute to its success! 
 Background Checks 
 Please note, successful applicants may be required to produce current record check(s) (e.g. vulnerable sector, criminal record and police information) from a police service prior to commencing employment. 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
