  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  North London, England 
 Rate:  Up to £26 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Water Surveyor 
 A Housing Association based in North London is looking for a Water Surveyor to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full relevant surveying qualification, strong experience within Water hygiene and testing, a background in construction compliance and strong experience with housing association projects. 
 The main purpose of the role is to provide technical advice, surveying, contract administration and support services to service, repair and maintain full legal and service standard compliance for the client's property portfolio in respect of water hygiene testing, reporting, remediation and improvement. 
 The successful candidate must have strong experience dealing with water hygiene and testing along with legionella control and general compliance. 
 The main responsibilities associated with the role are as follows; 
 Responsible for carrying out asset condition surveys, co-ordinating with other functions as appropriate 
Assist with the supervision and management of maintenance contracts, including monitoring of OPIs and KPIs 
Produce specifications where Capital projects require input for water hygiene. 
Prepare and deliver projects from initiation to completion 
Provide expertise to new business/development on new capital projects as required, including providing expertise as necessary to any formal complaints procedure 
Take the lead in any substantive repairs/improvement in relation to water hygiene. 
Participate in new building handovers and verification of files 
Lead on the provision of water safety advice, including inputting into the formal Complaints Procedure. 
 Ensure accurate data is provided and input into relevant systems. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 ACOP L8 
Previous experience of carrying out stock condition surveys for M&E; services 
Track record of expertise in water hygiene 
Track record of developing and maintaining good working relationships with suppliers and customers 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering £26 p/hr Umbrella ltd (approx. 
 £650 p/week NET after deductions) for the duration of the role. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £26 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 
 
 Location:  North London, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 11:42:03 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
