There Might Be Coffee 
 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Contact Me 
 Work With Me 
 Privacy Policy 
 YY Kawaii 
 Quirkory 
 
 Tag Archives: new job 
 26Mar2019 
 Why Being Burnt Out In March Was Worth It 
 by  theremightbecoffee 
 Well damn March was a crazy fucking month. Yes I am starting this post off with swearing because it is necessary for me describing March already. 😛 
 March was crazy and left me feeling burnt out, but damn has it been worth it. March has been the busiest time for my blog in possibly forever as well as in my personal life so with both of those being constantly changing and on the go, I've mentally drained myself and for two weeks during March I was actually poorly due to nerves… More about that as the post goes on! 
 First of all I want to say a HUGE thank you to my lovely followers who are still here! My posts have gone from 2-3 a week to just one at the moment and that bugs me. I like to make sure I have a nice amount of content a week to keep readers happy during that time. I've just been too busy to do this many posts in March, but I'm already hopeful that April won't be this way. Posts will resume back to how they used to be ASAP! 
 March was really busy for me with blogging events and opportunities and I'm so thankful for that! I love when I get asked to review items or experiences gifted to myself and it makes me so happy to see from that how my blog is growing. It's also a massive thanks to  Coventry Bloggers  and the beautiful and hard working Emily who owns it ( The Emily Chapters ) for giving me the opportunities in the first place. She's such a star and if you're a Coventry (or Midlands blogger) then make sure to go and check the group out which I've linked. 🙂 
 I went to so many events including  Skinthetics  to try out one of the facials they have to offer,  Esquires Coffee  to taste their new breakfast menu,  Palms Bar  to taste their new lunch menu, a SS19 fashion and beauty press day (which I'll be talking about on my blog later this week!) and tomorrow I'll be going to MOD in Coventry to check out this newly opening pizza restaurant! 😀 
 Most of the events were food related, which I'm always down with attending… I love food! 😛 
 As well as these events I was also invited to Bubbla Boba in FarGo Village for an event and sadly had to cancel due to how burnt out I was. I was also invited to another event at the start of April, but due to work I can't attend this either. 😦 
 But this is the reality of people who work full time and blog as a hobby. This isn't my job, it's just a hobby but it's a hobby I really love and enjoy! I can't always attend events, no matter how much I want to and if I can't attend it means someone else can who I'm sure is just as excited as I am to attend. 🙂 
 So yeah blogging has been slow due to having so many exciting things going on throughout March to do with my blog. Baffling, huh?! As I said before April will be different the reason for that is… 
 Image taken from  GIPHY 
 I have a new job! 😀 
 As always, I never go into detail about where I work, etc and that certainly won't be changing here. 😛 All I'll say is I will be staying in admin, which is a career I have loved doing in my current job so I know I want to continue with that in the future! 
 I start on 1st April and it's such an amazing job and company I'll be moving to! I had to have two interviews and the first one I was so damn nervous in the run up to it, but as soon as I sat down in that interview I was fine and just ploughed through out the best I could, which clearly was amazing as they asked me back for a second interview. 
 Mere hours after that second interview I was offered the job. I leave where I work on Friday and I am so sad to be saying bye to such an amazing team that I work with. They're all such lovely people and I'm sad to say goodbye. This being said I know for a fact I'll see them outside of work and due to that I'm not entirely sad. 🙂 
 Again I won't go into anymore detail about where I'm moving to and such but I'm so damn excited and I can't wait for Monday 1st when I start! 😀 
 I'm just so damn happy at the moment and I'd like to think it shows with friends and family at the moment. 
 That's pretty much the majority of what I wanted to talk about on this catch up post today. I have so many ideas for posts on my blog, as well as collaborating with some gorgeous people too! 
 I already have posts in mind such as hauls, reviews, wish list Wednesday's and many more so make sure to keep your eyes peeled for those. 
 Are there any posts you'd like to see on my blog soon? Make sure to let me know in the comments down below. 
 I hope all my readers are well and have had an amazing month! Easter will be here soon, which is so exciting… You know scoffing all the chocolate… 😛 
 Until next time, take care all and I hope your weeks are going well so far. 
 accessories ,  animals ,  animation ,  anime ,  art ,  bblogger ,  bbloggers ,  beauty ,  beauty blogger ,  beauty blogger event ,  beauty bloggers ,  birmingham ,  birmingham blogger ,  blog ,  blog event ,  blog events ,  blog review ,  blogger ,  bloggers ,  blogging ,  Bloglovin ,  books ,  brum ,  brum blogger ,  brum bloggers ,  cinema ,  competition ,  cov blogger ,  cov bloggers ,  coventry ,  coventry blogger ,  dog ,  driving ,  dvd ,  entertainment ,  family ,  fashion ,  fashion blogger ,  fashion bloggers ,  fashionbloggers ,  fblogger ,  fbloggers ,  film ,  films ,  flowers ,  food ,  food blogger ,  friends ,  fun ,  GAME ,  game blogger ,  gamer ,  games ,  gaming ,  gaming blogger ,  geek ,  geek blogger ,  geeky ,  geeky blogger ,  grunge ,  guest blogger ,  happy ,  hblogger ,  home ,  home blogger ,  ideas ,  inspiration ,  internet ,  journal ,  kawaii ,  kawaii blogger ,  lblogger ,  lbloggers ,  learning ,  life update ,  lifestyle ,  lifestyle blogger ,  lifestyle bloggers ,  london ,  manga ,  march 2019 ,  metal ,  money ,  movie ,  movies ,  music ,  nerd ,  nerd blogger ,  nerdy ,  nerdy blogger ,  netflix ,  new job ,  nintendo ,  novel ,  office ,  otaku ,  otaku blogger ,  personal ,  photography ,  playstation ,  post ,  reading ,  rock ,  shopping ,  soundtrack ,  star wars ,  television ,  travel ,  tv ,  TV shows ,  uk blogger ,  work ,  writing ,  xbox   6 Comments 
 14Nov2017 
 Work Wear/Office Haul 
 by  theremightbecoffee 
 If someone had of told me 6 months ago that I would be writing this sort of post I would fast tell them to shut up. I am so excited to write this post and it would have been up sooner, but due to being bust it's a tad behind (3 days to be exact…). 
 I recently went on a mini shopping spree to grab some essential pieces for my new job (which you can read all about  here !) and I'm so pleased with what I managed to get. 
 The three places I shopped at were Primark, New Look and Peacocks, most of my purchases were from Primark. I'm also including a few older pieces in here that I'll be wearing for my new job too. 1. Because the wonderful Vikki over at  Cuteek  wanted to see one of the dresses and 2. I didn't pick up any dresses for my new job (yet) so I thought I'd show what ones I have for it at the moment. I also didn't pick up any shoes so I'll be showing off two pairs I already own. AND I have a shirt I picked up from M&S just before my holiday that I want to show off too, as it's one of the best shirts I've ever owned. 
 I also have a cardigan I've ordered but as that hasn't arrived yet, I'll be using a stock photo. 
 As well as showing off what items I bought, where from and prices I'll also be showing off how I'll style pieces together. 
 Let's get on with the haul! 
 
 Primark Supersoft Jumper in the colours cream, mustard yellow, red and dark grey - £6.00 each. 
 
 I love, love, LOVE these jumpers so damn much! I picked the mustard yellow one up nearly a month ago and have worn it quite a bit since then. I haven't yet worn it for work, but I've teamed this up outside of work with my denim shorts, as well as black skinny fit jeans. I wore the red one for work on my first day with the black skater skirt I picked up from New Look and it looked lovely. These jumpers are so damn comfortable and don't feel tight. If anything they feel slightly baggy on the sleeves, which I love as I have shy hands and love to cover them up. I especially love the button detailing on the shoulders. These are available in a wide range of colours! If there were certain colours I really wanted them they were cobalt blue, burgundy and dark green. 
 
 Primark Red, black and white Floral Shirt - £7.00. 
 
 I didn't have many high hopes for this shirt when I took it to the changing rooms to try on, but it actually really surprised me and I knew straight away that I would be buying it. That and £7?! BARGAIN! It's a gorgeous vintage looking shirt and one I have tried on with both trousers and skirt and looks amazing with both. The only issue I had with it when tucking it into the skirt was that it left a bit of a bulge underneath my bust, which made me look fat/pregnant. When I tried this on and didn't tuck it in it didn't show off my bust through the buttons etc, but when I tucked it into the skirt it did just this, as well as the bulge, so I can see this being worn mostly with trousers. With one pair that I bought (houndstooth print) they look very vintage together, which I really like. They did have another shirt for £7.00, which was white and navy vertical stripes with pink/red roses on. I was half tempted to pick it up, but decided not to as it wasn't really my sort of thing. 
 
 New Look Black Mini Skater Skirt - £12.99 ( link ) 
 
 I was looking everywhere for a black skater skirt for work as I used to own one from Topshop many moons ago, but due to washing it so much it's kind of shrunk and it definitely isn't something I wanted to wear around the office due to that. The member of staff in the New Look store I visited was so lovely. Even though they only had 2 skirts on the shop floor (neither in my size!) she still had a look on the system for me to see if they had anymore in the back in my size, they had 1 left! I was chuffed and tried it on with some of the pieces I picked up from Primark. I wore this skirt on my first day with my red Primark jumper and I felt so comfortable and confident! My only issue with it is it feels a tad short for my linking, but I think I was wearing it too high at the same time. I intend to wear this skirt loads at my new job and when I get paid and have some spare cash I want to pick up another one. I can't wait to wear my skirts with this, as well as my mustard yellow and cream jumper! 
 
 New Look Black Check Tapered Trousers - £19.99 ( link ) 
 
 I knew that I wanted some trousers like this for the job as soon as I found out I got it. I've always wanted a pair like this but have never been a job where I could wear them until now. I decided to try these ones on as they have an elasticated waist band, a bloated girl on her period DREAM PAIR OF TROUSERS! These are high-waisted, which I didn't know until I got home and had a look on the New Look website to show someone. I'll definitely wear these both normal and high-waisted with shirts, t-shirts and jumpers. I doubt I'd wear socks with them and would just wear my flats. I am anxious to wear these as I worry they'll look daft, but whatever, you only live once and THEY'RE ELASTICATED! 
 
 Peacocks Womens Bistretch Bootcut Trousers - £9.00 (currently £7.20 online only) ( link ) 
 
 Since back in the day when I worked at Costa I have always sworn by Peacocks smart trousers for work. They're comfortable, come in all sorts of sizes and styles and are affordable! I paid the normal £9.00 price for these as I picked them up in store and I ended up getting my usual long leg, as well as a regular leg. I tried on my size and although they felt fine, I actually went for a size up so that they were a little baggy. I've had to deal with nearly 2 years of uncomfortable (but tolerable) smart trousers and I don't want to anymore if I can help it! I'll wear these with all sorts to be honest! 
 Image taken from  http://www.emp.co.uk 
 
 EMP Yuri!!! On Ice Logo Cardigan - £41.99 (Currently reduced to £24.99) ( link ) 
 
 This is a cardigan that I've been eyeing up for ages and I don't know why but I nearly paid the full price for it! I think I had a 10% voucher available to use alongside it, BUT I'm so glad I waited. This recently went into the sale and as well as that EMP brought out an extra 15% code so I saved an extra £3.00 something! I loved Yuri!!! On Ice when it came out and me and my best friend both love it. She's also ordered this cardigan so we can be twinsies. 😛 I'll probably feel odd and out of place wearing this in the office, but I don't care! I'd team it up with trousers or skirt and a white top (long or short sleeved). To be honest, I'd soon snuggle up in this at home too. 
 
 H! By Henry Holland Fox Dress - (previously spoken about  here ). 
 
 I LOVE this dress and it's actually the dress I wore for my interview for the job. I decided to go for this as I love foxes and felt it would leave a lasting impression with the company, which it obviously did! This is the dress that Vikki over at Cuteek wanted to see! It's a gorgeous black skater dress with foxes all over. It's one I always reach for for special nights out, birthdays and now for office wear! I want another dress like this but I can't seem to find one anywhere. 😦 
 
 Daisy Dress (So old that I can 't remember where it's from 100%). 
 
 I've owned this dress for years and I mean years! It's been so long that the shop I originally bought it from a clothing store that went into administration… I think it was called Republic… Either way this dress has always been one I've gone back to time and time again and I'm pretty sure it'll be worn to death at my new job as well! 
 So that's my haul of what goodies I've picked up for my new job! I hope to pick up some more stuff in the future as there's loads more bits and pieces I wish to pick up. 
 I'll be doing a wish list post next week of more stuff I would like to get in future, both clothing and office stationary items I'd love to have on my future desk. 
 If you work in an office where do you shop for your clothes? Make sure to let me know in the comments as I would love more places to find new pieces at! 
 Until next time, take care all and I hope you're having a great week so far. 
 animals ,  anime ,  art ,  bblogger ,  bbloggers ,  beauty blogger ,  beauty blogger event ,  beauty bloggers ,  blog ,  blog event ,  blogger ,  bloggers ,  blogging ,  Bloglovin ,  books ,  bootcut trousers ,  cardigan ,  cinema ,  debenhams ,  dress ,  driving ,  dvd ,  EMP ,  entertainment ,  family ,  fashion blogger ,  fashion blogger haul ,  fashion bloggers ,  fashion haul ,  fashionbloggers ,  fblogger ,  fbloggers ,  film ,  films ,  floral shirt ,  food ,  food blogger ,  fox ,  friends ,  fun ,  GAME ,  games ,  gaming ,  geek ,  geeky blogger ,  H! by henry holland ,  happy ,  haul ,  hblogger ,  henry holland ,  home ,  home blogger ,  houndstooth ,  ideas ,  inspiration ,  internet ,  job ,  jumper ,  lblogger ,  lbloggers ,  learning ,  lifestyle ,  lifestyle blogger ,  lifestyle bloggers ,  M&S ,  marks and spencers ,  money ,  movie ,  movies ,  music ,  nerdy blogger ,  netflix ,  new job ,  new look ,  novel ,  office haul ,  office wear ,  office wear haul ,  peacocks ,  personal ,  playstation ,  post ,  primark ,  shirt ,  skater dress ,  skater skirt ,  star shirt ,  tapered trousers ,  travel ,  trousers ,  tv ,  work ,  work jumper ,  work shirt ,  work skirt ,  work trousers ,  work wear ,  work wear haul ,  writing ,  xbox ,  yuri on ice ,  yuri on ice cardigan   1 Comment 
 13Dec2015 
 Life The Past 2 Weeks… 
 by  theremightbecoffee 
 Well these past two weeks have FLOWN by! With my university life very much done after graduating, an amazing two week holiday, and a new job, a lot of stuff has happened in a very short amount of time. So I'm going to update you all with what has happened, and what I hope to have happen before and after Christmas. 
 Graduation 
 So the day before going on holiday I graduated, and quite frankly I still can't believe it. Mostly that my postgraduate university life is over, and that I won't have to work on another assignment for it ever again… Until I decide to study for my PhD anyway! But this being said the year that I was studying my MA for was really hard, and not to mention expensive in various different ways. Mostly though it was extremely tiring. I would go to work in the morning, and as soon as my shift would end I would need to drive straight to my university in Cheltenham which was an hours drive away. I wouldn't get back home until 6pm and then I would need to be awake early in the morning again. It was incredibly draining but now I look back, it was worth it. Even if for a majority of the time I didn't feel like it would be. 
 I dressed in a black body con dress for the ceremony, my Black Milk Clothing dress to be exact and I felt beautiful in it! I had pictures taken with my parents and my boyfriend, as well as chatted with some familiar faces. We popped around Cheltenham for a couple of hours afterwards, and then headed home. Me and my boyfriend went out for dinner that evening before I was due to go on holiday in the morning, which was lovely. I'm glad we got the chance to do something together before I was away from him for a couple of weeks. 
 Holiday 
 The day after being awarded my masters degree I was off on a two week holiday with my dad, and boy was it needed! Although I had a holiday in January, it was very much needed having another in November/December due to how much hard work I had done for my MA. My dad paid for it as a gift for graduating, which was really lovely of him! The two weeks we spent there really did fly by, and for the majority of our days we lay out in the sun from the late morning, until the late afternoon. Spending the evenings out in restaurants eating, and bars drinking. Of course we also soaked up all the free entertainment, which was amazing. 
 I like to think I have a lovely light, and natural tan. I do wish I had got darker than I am, but this being said I am pleased to have come back somewhat golden looking this time, as in January we hardly had any sunny days, and this caused me and my boyfriend to come back home looking just as pale as we did when we arrived. 
 As well as soaking in the rays, and drinking yummy cocktails, we also did a little bit of shopping which included for ourselves, as well as for people for Christmas. Speaking of Christmas, we got to see some Christmas decorations whilst we were on the island, and some of them were gorgeous, if not even better than what we get here in the UK! 
 Overall my holiday was amazing, and to be honest I really didn't want to come back home. Fuerteventura is definitely my second home. I spent a lot of my childhood there, and going back every time is always like returning home. I don't know when I'll be visiting again, but I do hope it's in the near future. 
 New job 
 As the title suggest, I have a new job, which I actually started today, woohoo! I had a warm, and welcoming first shift by both staff, as well as customers. As I always have done since starting my blog, I won't be mentioning where my new job is. I don't feel I NEED to say. 
 I left my old job the day before my graduation which was sad, but at the same time I was glad to be going somewhere new, with new challenges. I love a good challenge me! Due to how new this job is, I don't really have much to say about it. I highly doubt that the hours I'll be working will interfere with my blog writing, as they're pretty similar to my previous jobs hours. Of course, if my posts do slack a little, I will explain why but I doubt this will happen… I'm a good blogger me! 😛 
 Anything else? … 
 So, has anything else happened the past couple of weeks? Erm… Not really! I've been doing a lot of Christmas shopping, and I have one more present (or two…) left to buy now! I read Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason on holiday (FINALLY after 2 years!) and I fell in love with Bridget again so much more, that as soon as I landed in the UK I ordered myself a copy of Mad About the Boy, which I'm really excited to read. 
 I also came back home to lots of presents I had ordered, as well as a new phone case for myself, which I should be reviewing soon enough on my blog. I have seen a few pieces of clothing that I would like to pick up for myself soon too, and as I have some vouchers to use up, I may as well pick some staples up for winter. 
 I am pretty damn excited for Christmas this year, even though I may not be able to spend time with my loved ones as much as I had originally hoped… We shall see what happens though! I can't wait for my friends and family to see what I've bought them for Christmas, most especially my boyfriend as I have made sure to spoil him rotten this Christmas. 
 Not long after Christmas, New Year and my 26th birthday are looming… But it's way too soon to talk about these, that is due to come over the next couple of weeks. 
 For now, this is just a quick update about what has been going on. I also want to thank my friends and boyfriend Dane for helping keep my blog afloat and busy whilst I was away on holiday. It was amazing of them to go out of their way to write posts for me, and I'm sure it won't be the only time they'll appear on my blog. 
 Now it's late, and I have presents to wrap before I get an early night for work tomorrow. 
 Until next time take care all, and I hope everyone has a great weekend! 
 
   
 beauty blogger ,  birthday ,  christmas ,  fashion blogger ,  graduating ,  graduation ,  holiday ,  life update ,  lifestyle blogger ,  masters degree ,  new job ,  new year ,  postgraduate ,  university   2 Comments 
 
  Facebook  
  Pinterest  
  Twitter  
 
 Hi I'm Natalee a level 31 Brummy with a passion for anything kawaii, Japanese and especially food. I'm a lifestyle blogger with lots of geek and otaku thrown in for good measure. Occasionally fashion and beauty can be found lurking, but not as much as it used to be. 
Here are a few of my favourite things - Pokemon, Persona 5, Animal Crossing, watching anime, reading manga, playing video games, collecting enamel pins and drinking coffee. 
 Contact Me! 
 If you would like to get hold of me for anything at all, whether that be to talk about fashion, beauty, music, films or if you're a company and would like to get in touch, please feel free to e-mail me: 
 theremightbecoffeeblog@gmail.com 
 Items with * next to them have been sent or gifted for reviewing purposes. 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,112 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search in the doobly doo… 
 Search 
 Companies I Work With 
       
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
