Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Coordinator - Rural Study 
 UBC Sauder 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting 
 Job ID: 
35909 
 Location: 
Vancouver - Hospital Site 
 Employment Group: 
Technicians & Research Assists 
 Job Category: 
Non Union Research/Technical 
 Classification Title: 
Research Asst/Tech 3 
 Business Title: 
Research Coordinator - Rural Study 
 VP/Faculty: 
Faculty of Medicine 
 Department: 
Paediatrics 
 Salary Range: 
$23.09 (minimum) - $25.19 (midpoint) - $27.28 (maximum) 
 Full/Part Time: 
Part-Time 
 Desired Start Date: 
2019/11/25 
 Job End Date: 
 Possibility of Extension: 
Yes 
 2020/03/31 
 Funding Type: 
Grant Funded 
 Closing Date: 
2019/11/20 
 Available Openings: 
1 
 Guiding principle:  "Midpoint" of the hiring salary range means the individual possesses full job knowledge, qualifications and experience. 
 ***Total term for this position is one (1) year, inclusive of extension. 
 Job Summary 
 This position will consist of coordinating the development of a new Knowledge Translation (KT) and implementation project conducted in collaboration with physical activity programs in rural regions in BC. Previous studies have demonstrated the positive effects of attending physical activity programs for children with Neurodevelopmental Disabilities (NDD). This KT/implementation project is aimed at disseminating across rural sites in BC a new coaching approach for physical activity participation of children with NDD to enhance the attendance efficiency to improve children's learning and development. 
 The Research Coordinator will participate in the development and adopting of new coaching tools and education materials, coordinate activities of dissemination and education across different sites, and oversee all activities related to a rapidly developing, multi-faceted research project. One key aspect is the number of field sites and stakeholders involved and the need to collect data for efficient management of this implementation project. At each site there will be educational activity of coaches and parents to assess children's performance. One important aspect consists of developing a web-based Community of Practice (CoP) for coaches and parents, which will hold all educative documents and enable sharing of useful experiences; the research Coordinator will facilitate the communication aspects among CoP's stakeholders. 
 Finally, the coordinator will provide periodic summaries of the project's unfolding to the project manager. Early identification of sites challenges will be critical to organize meetings and specific actions. 
 Organizational Status 
 The Research Coordinator will report directly to the Project manager and the Project's Principal Investigator. 
 Work Performed 
 Work performed will include (but is not exclusive to): 
 
 Coordinating the local facilitators who will do the field work and report directly the project manager.In this role, the research coordinator will have regular meetings and contacts with the local facilitators in order to define their tasks and follow-up with their action items, as well as support them through the project. He/she will also provide training for the local facilitators. Furthermore, he/she will directly supervise and observe the performance of the Local facilitators. 
 Commuting to rural sites and engaging in collaborative dialogue with community stakeholders regarding ongoing program and research activities. 
 Providing assistance with developing and implementing project evaluation activities including tool development, and data collection. The research coordinator will directly support the local facilitators for data collection. He/she will train the facilitators in data collection and may also collect the data himself/herself when the local facilitators are not available. Especially, during the initial phases of the study, local facilitators need a large amount of support and training. 
 Organizing, maintaining and updating databases, lists and reports. 
 Organizing training and educational sessions for coaches and parents in the different physical activity settings. 
 Providing support and communication to community partners to aid in community-based data collection and evaluation processes. 
 Work closely and collaboratively with rural community site participants in a way that reflects culturally appropriate and competent practices. 
 To participate/lead the development of a Community of Practice for coaches and parents. 
 Contributing evaluation knowledge and support to stakeholders that are member of the Community of practice (i.e. webinars, workshops, etc.). 
 Conducting computerized literature searches as needed, reviewing articles and compiling annotated bibliographies. 
 Preparing documents, including correspondence, reports, newsletters, posters, presentations, and quarterly reports. 
 Coordinating research team meetings and communications. 
 Performing other related duties as required. 
 
 Supervision Received 
 The Research Coordinator will report primarily to the project manager and Principal Investigator. It is expected that the Research Coordinator be able to work independently and be pro-active in identifying challenges to the progress of various research projects and processes. 
 Supervision Given 
 The Research Coordinator will be responsible for coordinating and supervising the work of local community facilitators, summer students and volunteers as needed. 
 Consequence of Error/Judgement 
 Must exercise judgment based upon thorough knowledge of procedures, guidelines and regulations. Inappropriate judgment or error on the part of the research coordinator may impact the integrity of the research, and the credibility and sustainability of the project. 
 Qualifications 
 Undergraduate degree in a relevant discipline or Graduation from a technical college or institute. Master's degree in public health or related field will also be considered a major asset. Minimum of 3 years related experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience in managing community-based research projects involving a variety of stakeholders and collaboration with various partners preferred. * 
 
 Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, for both academic and community audiences. 
 Proven ability to work respectfully and collaboratively with community-based partners and stakeholders. 
 Experience with UBC RISe system for ethics protocols a strong asset. 
 Experience in qualitative research (organizing interviews and focus groups) and qualitative data analysis is considered an asset. 
 High degree of accuracy in all aspects of work. 
 Ability to work independently and in a team environment. 
 Superior organizational and time management skills. 
 Must be able to prioritize and manage multiple concurrent projects, timelines and deadlines effectively. 
 Excellent computer skills and ability to learn and adapt to new and emerging software and systems. Ability to effectively use Microsoft Office, Outlook, Mac and PC operating systems, Photoshop and other photo and video-editing software. 
 Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal, and multi-tasking skills. 
 Attentive to detail, with the ability to work quickly and accurately. 
 Ability to exercise tact and discretion when handling sensitive and/or confidential matters. 
 Ability to commute to rural communities. 
 
 All positions in the Department of Pediatrics at BC Children's Hospital require a Criminal Record Check (CRC). A pre-employment CRC is required as part of the recruitment process and any offer of employment is contingent pending positive results of the CRC. 
 
 Equity and diversity are essential to academic excellence. An open and diverse community fosters the inclusion of voices that have been underrepresented or discouraged. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been marginalized on any grounds enumerated under the B.C. Human Rights Code, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, racialization, disability, political belief, religion, marital or family status, age, and/or status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person. 
 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
