Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-time academic physician _Division of Pediatric Infectious Disease 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Pediatrics at McMaster University is seeking a full-time academic physician to join the Division of Pediatric Infectious Disease. The successful candidate will be expected to share responsibility for education and research in their division, as well as comprehensive clinical services provided at McMaster Children’s Hospital. An interest and relevant experience related to infections in immunocompromised individuals, infections in those with cystic fibrosis (or other chronic pulmonary diseases), or infections in newcomers to Canada would be an asset. Postgraduate research training and/or having an ongoing active research program would also be favorably looked upon, as would an interest in education (at any trainee level) with evidence of above-average teaching evaluations. A track record of productive collaborations (in clinical practice, research, or education) is desirable. 
 The successful applicant will be appointed to a faculty position in the Department of Pediatrics. The rank and salary will be commensurate with the experience and expertise of the applicant. We offer a collegial atmosphere, a unique academic environment, many research opportunities and the opportunity to work in a growing academic department with enthusiastic colleagues. McMaster University is internationally recognized for innovations in medical education and pioneering biomedical, epidemiological and health systems research. 
 Applicants should be certified (or eligible for certification) by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in Pediatric Infectious Disease and must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the Province of Ontario. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada - or - No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 Review of applications will begin on Janaury 5, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. 
 For more information on the Department of Pediatrics, visit www.fhs.mcmaster.ca/pediatrics 
 How To Apply 
 Interested candidates should submit a curriculum vitae and letter of interest via email to: 
 Angelo Mikrogianakis, Chair 
 c/o Elizabeth Fonseca, Academic Coordinator 
 Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University 
 Phone:  905-521-2100 ext. 76646 
 Fax:  905-570-8967 
 1280 Main Street W., HSC-3A 
 Hamilton, ON L8N 3Z5 
 Email:  pedsprt@mcmaster.ca 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
