Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 LensCrafters - Sales Associate 
 Luxottica Group 
 __Cambridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  262741 
 Store #:  001909 LensCrafters 
 Position:  Casual Part-Time 
 At LensCrafters, we love eyes and we care about the people behind them. 
 LensCrafters is the largest optical retailer in North America with 1,000+ stores and as part of an eyewear industry leader, Luxottica, our love of eyes and higher standard of quality have made LensCrafters a leader in vision care for over 35 years. 
 With a career at LensCrafters, you’ll find yourself learning, growing, and interacting with some of the most passionate and talented people in the business. At the same time, you’ll be helping people look and see their best. 
 GENERAL FUNCTION 
 The Sales Associate delivers the brand value proposition – Set the standard of quality in eye care and eyewear by ensuring every patient and customer has the best experience in every LensCrafters every time. Helps establish LensCrafters as the premier destination for all vision needs within the community. Creates exceptional value in the lives of customers by delivering legendary customer service & perfectly crafted high quality eyewear which exceeds our customers’ expectations. Ensures customers are always happy and satisfied with their experience. 
 MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Greets all customers with a warm welcome. Shows urgency in providing service to customers & satisfying their needs; attracts new customers. 
Explores the needs & priorities of customers & links to store offerings, including eye exam. 
Is attentive to details, asks follow up questions for clarity, and consults with Optician as needed. 
Performs work accurately & thoroughly. Offers perfect product solutions. Demonstrates superior product knowledge; accurately describes the features & benefits of all products using the appropriate tools. 
Assists customers in selecting products. Suggests improvements & recommends solutions. Shows patience & courtesy to indecisive or hard-to-please customers. 
Anticipates problems; explores underlying reasons for issues; strives to develop long-term solutions & ensures customers are satisfied. 
Possesses the ability to multi-task & demonstrates the ability to prioritize & manage time with competing priorities. 
Custom fits glasses & precisely places prescription in lenses. 
Commits to delivery date and time, sets expectations for pick up, seeks feedback about experience and asks for referrals. Genuinely expresses gratitude and thanks the customer. 
Strives to achieve exceptional results on goals & competencies. 
Accurately operates associate tablet & terminal, collects proper payment & retains proper change/paperwork for all transactions. 
Presents, celebrates & educates at customer pick-up. 
Takes pride in the appearance of store & shows initiative to keep displays & inventory clean, attractive & organized. Secures all company assets under one’s control. 
Informs management of potential safety opportunities. 
Actively participates & contributes to store meetings and morning team huddles. 
Possesses a can-do spirit & strong drive for results; self-motivated with a desire for continual learning & improvement. 
Adheres to attendance & daily time keeping requirements. 
Adheres to all company policies & procedures. 
Sells on your feet 80%-100% of the time. 
Consistently maintains proper dress code, including name tag & associate tablet. 
Other duties may be assigned as business needs dictate. 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 
 High School graduate or equivalent 
Strong customer service skills 
Strong basic math skills 
Effective selling skills 
Familiarity with point of sale system, computers & calculators 
Embrace new technology & change 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
 Knowledge of current store merchandise 
Customer service & retail experience 
 Upon request and consistent with applicable laws, Luxottica will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities who need assistance in the application and hiring process. To request a reasonable accommodation, please call the Luxottica Ethics Compliance Hotline at 1-888-887-3348 or e-mail HRCompliance@luxotticaretail.com (be sure to provide your name and contact information for either option so that we may follow up in a timely manner). 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, national origin, social origin, social condition, being perceived as a victim of domestic violence, sexual aggression or stalking, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship, ancestry, veteran or military status, marital status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy or maternity leave), genetic information or any other characteristics protected by law. Native Americans receive preference in accordance with Tribal Law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
