Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Worker MSW 
 SickKids 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 FTE 
 1.00 
 Hours of Work 
 37.50 
 Dept/Program Name 
 Social Work-Pads 
 Contract Length 
 Date Posted 
 2020-11-04 
 Deadline to Apply 
 2020-11-23 
 Target Openings 
 1 
 About SickKids 
 Dedicated exclusively to children and their families, The Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids) is one of the largest and most respected paediatric healthcare centres in the world. As innovators in child health, we lead and partner to improve the health of children through the integration of healthcare, leading-edge research and education. Our reputation would not have been built – nor could it be maintained – without the skills, knowledge and experience of the extraordinary people who come to work here every day. SickKids is committed to ongoing learning and development, and features a caring and supportive work environment that combines exceptionally high standards of practice. 
 When you join SickKids, you become part of our community. We share a commitment and determination to fulfill our vision of Healthier Children. A Better World. 
 Don’t miss out on the opportunity to work alongside the world’s best in paediatric healthcare. 
 Position Description 
 Social Worker:  Diabetes Program 
 The Hospital for Sick Children is a leading tertiary pediatric centre providing medical and mental health care to the most complex children and youth and their families. A dynamic clinical, education and research environment, SickKids is committed to excellence in integrated inter-professional care. It is a centre of excellence in the delivery of cutting edge health care to the pediatric population. 
 As the social worker in the diabetes program, you will develop and implement plans of intervention that address coping, relationships, and quality of life. This will be achieved through a variety of modalities including individual, family and group therapy applying evidence-informed interventions, inter-professional consultation, case management, and community outreach and advocacy. You will integrate research into practice and create, utilize and/or disseminate new knowledge. The social worker in this role is a member of several collaborative interprofessional teams that function within the Diabetes Program, primarily in an ambulatory setting. You may also contribute to team discussions and brief intervention work for children and youth admitted to hospital. Knowledge and experience in the care of children and youth with diabetes is an asset. 
 Here 's What You'll Get to Do: 
Develop and implement an intervention plan that addresses adaptation, coping, adherence and quality of life. This will be achieved through a variety of modalities including crisis intervention, individual, group and family therapy, consultation, case management, community outreach and advocacy. 
Develop and implement treatment plans which build coping skills, improve relationships and quality of life. Such treatment would be conducted through a variety of modalities including family therapy, Narrative Therapy/brief therapy/ solution-focused models, Motivational Interviewing, Emotion-Focused Therapy and Third-Wave Mindfulness-Based treatment 
Assume responsibility for all aspects of practice including issues of productivity and utilization 
Work collaboratively with external community partners, including children’s aid societies, police, and children’s mental health agencies 
Collaborate/communicate with hospital health care teams and community agencies. 
Practice in a manner that is consistent with the philosophy of continuous quality improvement and evidence-based practice. 
Collaborate with a diverse interdisciplinary health care team 
Integrate research into practice 
Provide education to other members of the team in terms of social work interventions that benefit patients and families 
Work collaboratively with a dynamic interprofessional team in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment 
 Here’s What You’ll Need: 
A Master’s degree in Social Work. 
Registration with the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers. 
A deep understanding of the depth and complexity of issues children, youth and families living with chronic illness, concurrent mental health conditions, and social-economic stress 
Well-developed assessment and intervention skills including therapeutic skills as well as skills in crisis management, parent work and other mental health interventions. 
Preference will be given to candidates with knowledge and experience with the following evidence-based therapeutic modalities: family therapy, emotion-focused therapy, Narrative Therapy and other brief therapy/solution-focused models, MI, CBT, Mindfulness-Based CBT, Mindfulness-based Self-Compassion, and ACT 
Experience with populations with potential comorbid factors (e.g., eating disorders, learning disabilities, ADHD, anxiety disorders, mood disorders, trauma history) 
Knowledge and experience working with a strengths-based/positive psychology, trauma-informed, and harm reduction approach to care 
Commitment to Anti-Oppressive Practice as well as sensitive to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and within the community 
Well-developed strengths in advocacy and collaboration. 
Knowledge of the network of community services and resources; an understanding of health care delivery systems and the practice of social work in a secondary setting is also important. 
Ability to collaborate effectively as a member of the health care team and to take initiative and leadership when appropriate. 
Commitment to remain abreast of current literature and relevant developments in clinical practice. 
Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills. 
Demonstrated ability to utilize critical thinking and problem-solving skills. 
Demonstrated attention to detail and efficient time management. 
Demonstrated ability to function as a member of the interdisciplinary health care team. 
Demonstrated belief in lifelong learning and evidence-based practice. 
 Employment Type:  Permanent, Full-time 
 Our Commitment to Diversity 
 The children and families we care for are diverse, and so are our employees. All are welcome to join our unique organizational culture and be part of our inclusive team. 
 If requested, SickKids is proud to make available accommodations to support applicants with disabilities during the interview and assessment process. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. SickKids is also committed to providing services in both official languages and our preference is to hire employees who are fluent in both English and French whenever possible. 
 Thank you for your interest in joining SickKids. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. In accordance with our Hospital policy, employment at SickKids is conditional upon the Hospital’s receipt of all necessary documentation. 
 How to Apply 
 Tip:  Combine your cover letter and resume into ONE document of 20 pages or less as you cannot upload multiple documents as part of your application. 
 If you are still experiencing technical difficulties please email ask.hr@sickkids.ca to send us a short description of the issues you are experiencing. Please note that we will not accept resumes sent to this inbox but we are happy to respond to requests for technical assistance. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
