  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Tips   
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment 
 
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment 
 by Jennifer Feldman 
 If you are in the process of applying for a new job you might have been asked by the employer to take a pre-employment assessment exam or a psychometric test. Psychometric testing is an umbrella term used to label all assessments used by employers to evaluate a potential candidate’s performance. The term psychometric testing generally refers to either behavioral tests or aptitude tests. The current standard procedure is that assessment tests are being given online under time constraints. An assessment might be administered immediately after you submit your resume in the comfort of your own home, at your employer’s office, or at an assessment center. Even if the test is given at home, in many cases, you will be asked to retake part of the test on the day you attend your job interview. 
 
 What Is a Personality Test? 
 One of the most common forms of behavioral tests being used today is the job personality test. A personality test is a tool used by employers to help find candidates which they feel would be the right fit for their company. The personality test indicates various aspects of an individual’s character, and is usually based on the five-factor model. There is a common misconception that one cannot prepare for a personality test and that there are no wrong answers. This is not true! Many people have different aspects to their personality. Therefore, they can answer the questions on the personality test various ways. Employers are looking for certain personality profiles for specific positions. An important factor which influences the outcome of your personality test is stress! Stress manifests itself in various ways in your answers, including causing an individual to be careless, over analyze questions, become indecisive, and perform frustrating behaviors. Taking an online practice test that simulates the real feeling of an exam is the best way to minimize your stress so that you perform at your optimal level on the test day. 
 
 What Is a Leadership Assessment Test? 
 When applying for a leadership position, many employers are looking for certain character traits. The purpose of the leadership or managerial personality assessment is to find the candidate who is best fitted to serve as a leader. There are four main traits that employers are looking for: 
 
 Self-management 
 Interpersonal communication skills 
 Decision-making skills 
 Individual competencies (which are indicated by leadership aptitude results) 
 
 Those serving as leaders within a company drive the success of the company and can change the company’s vision, products, and procedures. Serving as a leader in a company is no easy task, and getting a leadership position is even harder. Leadership assessment exams vary from employer to employer. Although, the key components and traits that they are looking for are always the same. 
 
 What Is a Situational Judgement Test? 
 There are many employers that will require you take a certain type of behavioral exam called the situational judgement test. The situational judgment test will test your ability to make responsible and thoughtful decisions. During the exam, you will be presented with various hypothetical scenarios which you will come across in the workplace, and you will be required to provide solutions. You will be given a few different options for possible resolutions, and you must decide the most effective course of action. Often you are expected to choose your responses spontaneously. That does not have to be the case. Studying will help you discern which resolutions are the most appropriate to choose given a certain scenario. 
 
 What Is a Math Aptitude Test? 
 Unfortunately, there is not one universal pre-employment math test. That being said, math aptitude tests are a category of testing which can be easily prepared for. Math aptitude tests can vary greatly in terms of length of time given for the test, and even whether they are timed at all. If you are taking an untimed test, you should be thoughtful and thorough when taking the test. On the contrary, when taking a timed test, self-pacing and accuracy are extremely important. Most math aptitude tests are multiple choice and can cover topics ranging from basic computation skills to more difficult word problems. Math aptitude tests differ from profession to profession in content covered and level of difficulty. You should do research and find practice math exams for your profession and even individual companies. 
 
 What Is a Mechanical Aptitude Test? 
 One of the most common types of aptitude tests is the mechanical aptitude test. Mechanical aptitude tests measure one’s knowledge of physical and mechanical concepts. Mechanical aptitude tests can be given to those working in the engineering, mechanics, skilled trades (i.e. carpenter, electrician, etc.), maintenance, military, industrial fields, and transportation fields. Specific topic knowledge is often needed to excel on these types of assessments, including knowledge related to force, motion, energy transformation, levers, pulleys, screws, gears, voltage, circuits, magnetism and more. To succeed on mechanical aptitude tests preparation is needed. Candidates should become familiar with the structure of the questions and the topics of interest. A popular technical and industrial assessment given in the United States by the Pearson Assessment center is the Bennet Mechanical Comprehension Test. 
 
 What Is a Figural-Reasoning Test? 
 The Figural-Reasoning Test (FRT) is also referred to as the diagrammatic, non-verbal, or abstract reasoning test. These types of aptitude tests are non-verbal tests, which assess your ability to analyze and understand information presented visually. The focus of these exams is to test your visual reasoning skills. Testing your visual reasoning skills is a way to gain an objective understanding of an individual’s intellectual potential, without confounding factors such as culture, language, or prior education. FRTs use shapes and pictures to test the exam takers’ ability to predict logic patterns or processes. For many test takers, this is an unusual type of exam and it’s best to try to understand figural reasoning tests in advance. 
 
 What Is a Computer Skills Test? 
 It is becoming increasingly more popular for many employers to assess an employee’s computer skills using either a: 
 
 Typing tests 
 Microsoft Word tests 
 Excel tests 
 
 In today’s day and age, every profession requires the use of different computer programs. These tests measure your basic computer competencies, which are usually required in your daily workload. They are designed to see if the candidate has an adequate level of skill required to perform the job in a satisfactory manner. 
 
 How Should You Prepare? 
 Before beginning to practice for an online assessment, gather as much information as you can about the assessment and the conditions. 
 Once you ascertain which test you are being given, you need to be your own advocate and make sure you are ready! Here is a complete list of the various assessment company tests. Preparing in advance will make you an active player, rather than a passive receiver. Only you can differentiate yourself from the thousands of applicants you are going up against. Just remember in this grueling employment market, especially when targeting big companies, you need to do everything you can to get a leg up on the competition! 
 
 This article was contributed by Jennifer Feldman. She is a speech and language expert, and specializes in writing about the employment hiring process. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
