
 The Victorianist: BAVS Postgraduates 
 British Association for Victorian Studies Postgraduate Pages, hosted by Danielle Dove (University of Surrey) and Heather Hind (University of Exeter) 
 Main Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Call for Papers 
 Researcher Blog 
 Neo-Victorian Reviews 
 BAVS Funding 
 Useful Links 
 
 REGISTRATION OPENS: BAVS Careers Day 
 May 3, 2018  * by  brionywickes  * in  Conferences ,  Events ,  Job or Post Doc ,  Registration open ,  Training ,  Workshop . * 
   
   
 BAVS Careers Day 
 18th June 
 University of Warwick 
 
 Keynote Speaker: 
 Dr Naomi Paxton (AHRC/BBC Radio 3 New Generation Thinker 2014-15) 
 
 Undertaking a PhD is an enriching but exhausting experience. Deciding what to do afterwards can be another challenge, especially when contending with the realities of the academic job market, or if you’re unsure whether an academic career is for you. To support PGRs and ECRs through this stage, BAVS will be holding a careers training day aimed at scholars of the Victorian period and long nineteenth century to be held at the University of Warwick on 18th June. 
 The day will begin with a keynote address by  Dr Naomi Paxton , a researcher, writer, performer and AHRC/BBC Radio 3 New Generation Thinker 2014-15 who has worked at Parliament and for the BBC as well as within academia. As well as plenary sessions, the event will feature separate strands catering to those interested in (A) academic careers and (B) alternative careers. For more information on the event, please visit:  http://bit.ly/BAVSCareersDay . 
 Cost: £15. 
 To register, email a completed copy of the  _ BAVS Careers Day Registration Form  _  to  bavscareersday@gmail.com  and make your payment via PayPal ( https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/send-money-online ) to  membership@bavs.ac.uk . The deadline for registration is 1st June. 
 Please note: registration is not completed until we have received your form and confirmed receipt of your payment. 
 If you have any further questions, please contact the event organisers Dr Jen Baker, Dr Catherine Paula Han and Lucy Whitehead at:  bavscareersday@gmail.com . 
 Support for this day has been provided by: the British Association for Victorian Studies; Cardiff University’s School of English, Communication and Philosophy; the University of Warwick’s Centre for Arts Doctoral Research Excellence; the University of Warwick’s English and Comparative Literary Studies department; and the South West and Wales Doctoral Training Partnership. 
 Provisional Programme 
 9.30 – 10.00 
Registration 
 10.00 – 11.00 
Plenary Session: Keynote Address by Dr Naomi Paxton 
 11.00 – 11.30 
Coffee and Networking 
 11.30 – 12.30 
1A: Roundtable on Applying for Academic Jobs 
1B: Roundtable on Alternative or Adjacent Academic Careers 
 12.30 – 1.30 
Lunch 
 1.30 – 2.30 
2A: Workshop on Crafting Fellowship Applications 
2B: Workshop on Identifying Transferable Skills and Alternative Careers 
 2.30 – 3.30 
3A: Workshop on Academia Abroad 
3B: Workshop on Non-Academic CVs and Non-Academic Job Interviews 
 3.30 – 4.00 
Coffee and Networking 
 4.00 – 4.45 
Plenary Session: Mental Health while Job Searching 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- CFP: Substance Use and Abuse in the Long Nineteenth Century 
 Competition: Your Research In One Image (Use and Abuse in the Long Nineteenth Century) -> 
 One response to "REGISTRATION OPENS: BAVS Careers Day" 
 
 Pingback:  BAVS Careers Day 18th June University of Warwick KEYNOTE SPEAKER: Dr Naomi Paxton (AHRC/BBC Radio 3 New Generation Thinker 2014-15) | The Victorianist: BAVS Postgraduates * 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 BAVS 2018 - Victorian Patterns 
 BAVS Funding 
 Useful Links 
 
 Associations 
 Blogroll 
 Directory of Centres & Groups 
 Journals 
 Sources 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 11th International George Moore One-Day Online Conference, Saturday 24 April 2021 
 Introduction to COVE Workshop 
 Deciphering Dickens: Online Transcribe-a-thon 
 Introduction to COVE Workshop 
 Panel: Race and Victorian Studies 
 ASTENE Postgraduate Research Competition 
 CALL FOR PAPERS: TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES 
 
 Search  
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 4,421 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
