Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Famous Steve Jobs Quotes - Must Read For Every Entrepreneur 
 __ Oct 6 Aug 31  __ Omri Shabath 
 Steve Jobs was not only one of the greatest entrepreneurs that ever lived but also one of the greatest charismatic speakers that could swoop everyone who listened to him. His words were inspiring, motivating, intense and sometimes pretty funny. 
 As an internet entrepreneur I’ve been touched many times when i heard him speak and i could certainly relate and sympathize with his sayings. Here are some famous Steve Jobs quotes from over the years: 
 “Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected.” 
 “Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” 
 “Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.” 
 “Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter to me … Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful… that’s what matters to me.” 
 “We made the buttons on the screen look so good you’ll want to lick them.” 
 “It will go down in history as a turning point for the music industry (the Itunes Music Store). This is landmark stuff. I can’t overestimate it!” 
 “I think we’re having fun. I think our customers really like our products. And we’re always trying to do better.” 
 “I want to put a ding in the universe.” 
 “Unfortunately, people are not rebelling against Microsoft. They don’t know any better.” 
 “My job is to not be easy on people. My job is to make them better.” 
 “Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything. One is very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career. Apple’s been very fortunate it’s been able to introduce a few of these into the world.” 
 “The cure for Apple is not cost-cutting. The cure for Apple is to innovate its way out of its current predicament.” 
 “Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” 
 “To turn really interesting ideas and fledgling technologies into a company that can continue to innovate for years, it requires a lot of disciplines.” 
 “You can’t just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they’ll want something new.” 
 “People think focus means saying yes to the thing you’ve got to focus on. But that’s not what it means at all. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully.” 
 “I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.” 
 “Death is the destination we all share.” 
 Do you want more? You can watch this excellent video of the best moments of Steve Jobs on stage (part 1 out of 3): 
 Posted in  Insights Tagged  steve jobs 
 Work From Home 
 
 A Simple Guide to Becoming a Freelancer 
 
 There's never been a better time for freelance work than right now.   […] 
 
 How Does Working From Home Affect Your Health? 
 
 Can working from home benefit your health? It's a possibility. Many   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 The Extensive Benefits of Thorough Business Documentation 
 
 Did you know that businesses lose about 21% of worker productivity because   […] 
 
 4 Essential Marketing Tips for Growing Your General Contracting Business 
 
 According to the latest data from the Associated General Contractors of   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 
 Get Paid (Every Time): The Ultimate Guide to Freelance Contracts 
 
 The freelance industry is big. There are people that perform freelance   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 7 Tips for Finding the Best Cable Provider in Your Area 
 Distance Learning Tip Guide to Keep Your Child Attentive 
 What Is Agile? A Basic Guide 
 Galaxy Buds vs AirPods: Which is Better? 
 How to Convert an ASPX File to PDF in 5 Easy Steps 
 7 Essential Services Every Remote Office Worker Needs 
 How to Calculate Sig Figs Like a Pro 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
