Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Customer Experience I 
 TD Bank 
 __Riverview, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 At TD Canada Trust, we are the frontline of TD Bank. We strive to build deep and long- lasting relationships with our customers. By understanding their needs and providing personalized financial solutions, our purpose is to help our customers and small businesses achieve their financial goals. 
 We are looking for brand champions, relationship builders, and leading professionals with an understanding of market and economic trends that can build legendary customer experiences. 
 Join TD Canada Trust and think like a customer, act like an owner, innovate with purpose and execute with an impact. 
 Job Description 
 Do you have a natural ability for people management and a passion for providing an extraordinary customer experience? Can you mentor a team to champion a relationship of trust and confidence with customers and amongst each other? Then we have an excellent opportunity for you. We are currently hiring for the position of Manager, Customer Experience I where you will build, guide and inspire a team to accomplish personal development objectives. 
 In this role, a typical day at work may look like: 
Mentor the team on resolving customer complaints and offering personalized advice while enabling the senior service team to act as a point of escalation in ensuring every interaction is legendary 
Handle daily branch administrative duties and support frontline staff to maintain professional space and environment in the branch in common areas in line with marketing and regulatory guidelines 
Liaise with partners to provide customers with the best banking solutions to their financial needs 
Maintain optimal employee scheduling to meet customer demands and compliance requirements; resolve and recommend improvements in daily operations to achieve operational excellence 
Build and lead a diverse team by using employee talent optimally and ensuring their performance management activities are undertaken and completed 
Keep the team updated about end-to-end processes, policies, procedures, TD's Code of Conduct and Ethics, emerging issues, trends, and industry regulations to offer the best customer experience 
Help build an informative and fair work environment by sharing skills and knowledge, promoting open dialogue and motivating team 
Coach the team to ensure customer issues are handled in a timely way, appropriately and consistent with customer problem resolution guidelines 
 Job Requirements 
 Undergraduate degree with over 2 years of relevant work experience 
Sound knowledge of processes management, business and operational functions including banking solutions and concepts 
Proficiency in software tools including MS Office, and internet applications 
Tactful communicator who can exchange ideas and customer information in a concise and logical way 
A self-initiator with strong organizational, planning and time management skills 
A dynamic leader with strong influential skills to delegate duties and work expertly with customers and employees in a fast-paced work environment 
A dedicated people manager who can coach and handle a team for effective customer experience 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Retail Sales & Service 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Retail Banking - Management 
 Job Category(s) 
 Retail Banking - Management 
 Hours 
 18.75 
 Business Line 
 TD Canada Trust 
 Time Type 
 Part Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Riverview 
 Work Location 
 502 Coverdale Road 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
