Mrt'sblog 
 Film, football, fiction. And politics. Reviews and other random stuff 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Mrt'sblog and Me 
 Contact 
 Football 
 Politics 
 Reviews 
 
   
 Tag Archives: jobs fund 
 Miliband can defeat his critics and Cameron’s leadership by reinventing the nature of opposition 
 Posted on  June 13, 2011  |  Leave a comment 
 Like it or not, love him or loathe him, David Cameron has proved himself to be a competent and capable leader in his first year in Number 10. He has shown himself to be easily the most adaptable Prime Minister of the 21st century and perhaps the most versatile and formidable party leader too. He has embraced the unique hurdles and challenges of coalition government to at once deliver radical policy his party believes in and please the electorate. He has vowed not to make the mistake of Tony Blair’s early years, in which political capital went unspent. He’s taken a blitzkrieg approach to numerous important issues and departments, somehow taking most of the country with him through a combination of confidence and yellow human shields. 
 Ed Miliband on the other hand, has been constantly under fire from both the media and Britain as a whole, and his own party. His leadership is generally, and not unjustifiably, characterised as ineffectual and inactive. He has more often than not chosen to stand by and do nothing but protest vocally at government plans. He has claimed to be the voice of Britain’s ordinary people and its “progressive majority”. His critics say that this majority doesn’t exist and even those that think it might, recognise that it has to be earned and forged from blood, sweat, tears and most crucially of all, policy. 
 Labour under Ed Miliband has produced almost no policy. His supporters and aides will argue that he’s been focusing on healing Labour’s image, bruised and battered by thirteen years of controversial government. But there has been no clear rebranding or change of direction either. The publication of elder brother David’s would-be acceptance speech last week highlighted just how much more Ed could have done from the start. I was critical of David’s lazy leadership campaign and even praised Ed’s more concrete vision. Looking at David Miliband’s speech though, it’s hard to argue with those who say he would be doing better as leader right now. 
 The speech sets out the deficit as Britain’s key political argument. It simultaneously does more to defend Labour’s record in government and admit its mistakes than Ed has done. It systematically addresses key areas with attractive focus; Ed’s speech tended to waffle more generally, focusing on alerting the world to the fact that he was an alright sort of guy. Well now we all want to know what he’s going to do to prove it. 
 To make things worse for the victorious Miliband, his shadow cabinet has hardly had time to settle. Alan Johnson didn’t last long as Shadow Chancellor. There has already been more than one reshuffle. Ed Balls, finally in the role he has craved for so long, is Labour’s only ray of activity. Last week he announced the one concrete policy they have in opposition; increase the bonus tax on bankers. Balls intends to gather support from rebellious Lib Dem and even Conservative MPs to push a Bill through Parliament that would take more money from the banks to fund employment schemes for the young and house building projects; to stop the rot on growth. 
 Now it’s obvious that one of Miliband’s weak points has been his inability to do much else besides bash the banks. Credible Prime Ministers cannot afford to make such powerful enemies or be defined by the one headline grabbing policy. But the plans of his money man Ed Balls are exactly the type of thing Labour should be doing more of. The government’s refusal to invest in the economy or change course on its programme of cuts is doing lasting damage. Labour cannot afford to just talk about this. They should hit the coalition where it hurts; by acting to safeguard the national interest it claims to be working for. 
 And Miliband could go further. He could say that a Labour government would not just build homes for struggling first time buyers but insist that they are all green. Labour needs a new stamp that marks out policy as theirs, which goes further than simply investment vs. cuts. As David Miliband set out, Labour has to acknowledge that it  will  tackle the deficit; the question is how will it do it differently? 
 Ed should make it abundantly clear that he is proposing policies for consideration now, intending to pass them now because to act too late would let the state of the economy and the government’s initiatives do irreparable harm. More house building would kick start the construction industry; more homes would get the property markets moving and add stability to a fragile, slow recovery. 
 Miliband has continually fallen back on the fact that the party in opposition traditionally keeps its cards close to its chest until an election. People should not be expecting him to be outlining detailed policy now, he says. I defended criticisms of him early on by using the argument that he shouldn’t rush through thinking about such important issues. But he has had time now. He must have some ideas. And he needs to start sharing them. 
 This is not an ordinary government. The coalition can be stalled, halted and persuaded on almost any issue. Parliament is not a sea of blue and carefully selected opposition proposals could become law. The NHS “listening exercise” and the rethink of Ken Clarke’s justice reform are examples from the past week alone where Cameron has been swayed enough to track back. Ed Miliband needs to do something bold to win the respect of voters. Disclosing genuine alternatives in full and frank detail will show that Labour care enough to act in the country’s interest, not their own. 
 I write just hours after both leaders in the contest for the nation’s political affections made important speeches on policy. As is the trend of late, it was David Cameron’s that made the greater impact. Speaking to a meeting in London of a foundation called GAVI, backed by Bill Gates, which provides vaccines for the world’s poor, the Prime Minister would have won over voters usually hostile to all things Tory. 
 His detoxification of his party has been enormously successful and pledging £814 million (the biggest donation of any nation) to an effective charity, goes a long way to satisfying his own voters, thanks to a clear strategy, and others in the electorate. With one speech Cameron scored moral points as well as talking convincingly about finding a clear foreign policy role for Britain based on duty, encouraging private sector growth and stable, democratic government. 
 Miliband’s speech was also important. It aimed to win back the agenda of community from Cameron, who has dominated the thinking of voters even with his unsuccessful Big Society idea. Miliband talked of responsibility and made surprisingly tough statements about those who didn’t give back not receiving welfare support. There were strong strains of the Blue Labour ideology Miliband recently endorsed, which focuses on democracy and accountability at the grass roots. It was about the overall narrative direction of Miliband’s leadership and designed to answer critics. 
 However whilst it’s important Miliband finds a stronger and more defined guiding vision for his party, action is what the public wants from him now. For an opposition leader options are limited, so action essentially means policy announcements. The Labour leader needs to be braver and take some gambles with his leadership, to both win over the country and protect it. No one will reward him for waiting until the election. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  0.7% ,  acceptance ,  accountability ,  AID ,  aim ,  Andrew ,  argument ,  Balls ,  Bank of England ,  Big Society ,  Bill ,  Blue Labour ,  bonus ,  Cameron ,  Case ,  Clarke ,  Clegg ,  Coalition ,  Community ,  concrete ,  Conservatives ,  construction ,  cross party ,  Cuts ,  David ,  debate ,  deficit ,  defining ,  deflation ,  detoxification ,  development ,  DFID ,  economy ,  Ed ,  efficient ,  electorate ,  Energy ,  figures ,  firms ,  first time buyers ,  Foreign ,  Gates ,  GAVI ,  GDP ,  General Election ,  government ,  Green ,  growth ,  guiding ,  health ,  house ,  human ,  immunisation ,  industry ,  inflation ,  interest rates ,  international ,  investment ,  jobs ,  jobs fund ,  justice ,  Ken ,  Labour ,  Lansley ,  Lib Dems ,  listening exercise ,  lives ,  Microsoft ,  Miliband ,  Mitchell ,  modern ,  Money ,  moral ,  national interest ,  nature ,  new ,  New Labour ,  NHS ,  Nick ,  of ,  Opposition ,  Parliament ,  policy ,  Politics ,  power ,  prices ,  private sector ,  proposals ,  public sector ,  rebranding ,  reform ,  reinvent ,  reinventing ,  responsibility ,  role ,  self-interest ,  shields ,  speech ,  tax ,  The ,  Tories ,  Tory ,  traditional ,  transparency ,  unemployment ,  vaccines ,  vision ,  voters ,  welfare ,  yellow ,  youth 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 360 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Search Mrt'sblog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 
 Archive Select Month November 2012  (1) August 2012  (1) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (5) December 2011  (1) November 2011  (4) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (4) August 2011  (17) July 2011  (18) June 2011  (34) May 2011  (45) April 2011  (13) March 2011  (15) February 2011  (20) January 2011  (19) December 2010  (7) November 2010  (18) October 2010  (13) September 2010  (17) August 2010  (9) July 2010  (4) June 2010  (5) March 2010  (1) February 2010  (7) 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Blog Critics  A great source of news, opinions and reviews. I am a registered contributor to the TV/film, books and politics sections 
 CaughtOffside  The Best Football Site Around – with occassional contributions from yours truly 
 Demo Critic  An interesting, impartial site providing an outlet for political opinion, containing numerous articles from little old me 
 Empire Magazine  The latest movie news before you can say "shit the bed" 
 Flickering Myth  An excellent movie blog containing reviews, opinion and articles and regular contributions from myself 
 The Dark of the Matinee  A fantastic movie blog full of reviews and spot on opinion 
 The Guardian  Quite simply the best source of news and opinion out there 
 The Incredible Suit  Evil mastermind behind BlogalongaBond and destroyer of crap films 
 TomCat in the Red Room  The home of superb and funny book reviews. The place to go for a good read 
 UltraCulture  A scathingly accurate take on the cinema's latest releases that always brings a smile to my face 
 Whereareyoutony Youtube  Videos created by me in ancient times 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
