  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 .NET 
 
 .NET Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance .NET Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/net) 
 3 days ago 
 Upgrade our Highcharts to the newest version 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 5 
 I have a site that currently uses Highcharts . We would like to upgrade to the newest version, which has smoother scrolling and zooming for the functions we already use. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  J. United Arab Emirates 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Devops engineer needed 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 1 Bids: 1 
 Facing issue with related to jenkins, need help on resolving it. It will take around an hour to solve, issue related to plugins 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 1 month ago 
 Real Estate Website (Mobile Friendly) 
 Published: 1 month ago  Bids: 22 
 Description: 
The project involves the design and development of a Mobile-Friendly Real Estate Website that gives agents and property managers the ability to showcase and manage their property listings while providing potential renters and home buyers a concise and structured way of searching for properties, booking an inspection and completing the rental/home buying process online. The web site will be set up in a way that the agents and property managers will have total administrative rights to their listings with the ability to create, modify, or delete listings. 
 A mobile-friendly website with excellent user experience and the following features: 
 
 A powerful search engine for displaying detailed summary of rental properties and properties for sale 
 A profile creation feature for prospective renters/homebuyers, property agents and property managers with role-based access controls 
 A rent/home purchase application form 
 An online rent payment platform with a remittance feature to multiple beneficiaries 
 A “property inspection” booking feature 
 An Agent Portal where property agents and property managers can create property listings and upload pictures of the properties and submit for approval before being published for public viewing with option for paid listings. 
 A Tenant Portal where existing tenants can file complaints, put in service requests, issue rent renewal/termination notices, etc with backend feature for property managers to take action based on the requests. 
 A feature that allows a prospective tenant to complete the rental process (rent payment, rental agreement, etc) 
 
 Category: IT & Programming 
Subcategory: Web development 
What is the scope of the project?: Create a new custom site 
Is this a project or a position?: Project 
I currently have: I have specifications 
Required availability: As needed 
Roles needed: Designer, Developer 
Required platforms: Android 
I need to: Create an app 
App type: e-Shop 
Similar apps: Airbnb 
Back-end is required: Yes 
Payment gateway: Yes 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  H. M. Last reply: Last month  Nigeria 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 3 months ago 
 Billing system for a game zone 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 0 
 I need a developer to build a .net mvc web application for game zone billing. It should also include daily, weekly and yearly reports. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  R. S. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 3 months ago 
 C# Wpf Developer 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a C# WPF Developer with the following requirement: 
 Experience: 
2+ years of experience in C# development 
Experience with multithreading patterns in .NET (async/await, threadpool and tasks) 
Strong understanding of networking, serialization and the concept of protocols and communication between two applications (e.g. NetMQ, kafka, MessagePack). 
Strong understanding of object oriented programming and knowledge of good programming practices 
Ability to deal with ambiguity, analytical problem solving and work independently. 
Experience with agile software development using git for source control 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Published by:  S. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 months ago 
 I need unity game online, similar gta 5 (mobile) 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 4 
 I need tps game online, similar gta 5 
photon or mirror 
 similar this game 
 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.MadOut.BIG&hl=es 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Game 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  L. L. Last reply: 3 months ago  Spain 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 I want to build a Mt4/5 Client Api with C# or C+ 
 Published: 4 months ago  Deadline: 11 Bids: 2 
 Hello, 
 I need to build or buy existing, MT4/5 Client API which is coded in C#/C++ (preferably C#). 
I want it to be able to login in to customer MT4/5 accounts of any broker and open trades, get quotes, get account history and other information without opening the MT4/5 platform. 
 NOTE: I am not looking for an MQL4/5 program that acts as a server and C++/C# program that communicate with it. 
 Thank You. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. W. Last reply: 2 months ago  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
