
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Social Content Creator . Social Chain. Los Angeles, CA, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 Our creative team is looking for a driven, social-obsessed creative who has experience ideating and producing assets for all major social media platforms (Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and beyond.) You’ll be working with an ambitious, fast-paced team of social media experts, ideating and creating assets for one of the most recognizable social networks for their social pages across all leading platforms. 
 You should have extensive experience creating content at scale for social media platforms, whilst also exhibiting expertise in your chosen field of design, video or animation. You are a self-starter who exhibits resourcefulness and demonstrates initiative to lead on creating proactive concepts and interpreting briefs from the creative team. 
 We’ll be leaning on your expertise to create content which is: 
 Bold: Our goal is to stand out against a busy, saturated social landscape. We believe in the inherent value of creating content which is fresh and innovative. 
Culturally relevant: You must have your finger on the pulse of popular culture, and the ways in which social media creators and influencers drive the landscape forward. 
Platform first: Understanding the nuances behind each social platform and how content should be optimized to achieve the highest engagement possible. 
 What You Will Be Working On: 
Ideate social concepts, content, and digital campaigns 
Produce creative assets, including graphics, illustrations, videos, GIFs, and social first ads for delivery across a variety of mediums and formats, including all major social platforms. 
Liaise with strategists and creatives to develop content that is engaging and relevant to each social platform 
Work with a wide range and quality of video and static imagery - from a collection of photography to short video clips - and turning them into content assets built for individual platforms and audiences 
Participate in storyboarding, development, and post-production of design or video concepts 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7957-social-chain-social-content-creator  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Animate, Art Direction, Conceptual, Editing, Storyboarding 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Cathal Berragan 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 Who We Are Looking For: 
Proficiency and experience with Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, etc.) and editing software. After Effects and motion design a plus. Mobile creator apps and in app editing (Instagram story creation, TikTok editing etc.) 
You have a passion for social, gaming, and culture. You have your finger on the pulse of pop culture and what's trending digitally 
Shows a demonstrable passion, curiosity and experience in making creative content on social media platforms - Tweets, TikTok videos, Instagram visuals, Youtube edits 
You’re a self-starter who uses their initiative to bring fresh perspectives and new concepts to the team 
You have the ability to digest and interpret topline briefs, adding your own creative spin and pushing the boundaries creatively, whilst remaining conscious of brand guidelines and visual identities. 
You are an efficient communicator who can articulate their ideas clearly and explain the ‘why’ behind their creative decisions. 
 Why Join Social Chain 
Joining Social Chain means becoming part of the Social Chain family! You’ll get to work with an incredible team of dedicated, collaborative, hilarious, and kind people. We put the happiness and prosperity of our team members first, always. 
The chance to work with a global team of innovators with a track-record for leveraging owned media, technology, and insights to build brands that earn a meaningful share of people’s lives. 
Our mission is to put the brands we work with at the forefront of what’s possible through first, fearless, and ever-changing social-first campaigns. 
 Benefits 
Unlimited vacation (we really mean it) 
Health Insurance 
401(k) 
$100/month gym stipend 
Pre-tax transportation benefits through Swipe-N-Save 
Monthly virtual wellness events 
Team activities every week 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
