Paul F Davis - Weblog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Worldwide Motivational Speaker for Breakthrough and Empowerment 
 
   
 Category Archives: job prospects 
 September 2, 2009 * 2:32 pm 
 Great Paying Jobs for Women - Classy Women who Communicate Well Wanted 
 Calling women of all ages, from all countries, nationalities and backgrounds possessing class, elegance, social grace, who communicate & write well and have a captivating presence. 
 A lovely blend of inward and outward beauty; intelligence and the power of presence is required. 
 Earn big money working only an hour a week! 
 Worldwide speaker and life-changing author Paul F. Davis is opening a rare global opportunity enabling you to work from wherever you live (and potentially travel the world). 
 Earn big money working an hour a week promoting (however you prefer, see below) Paul for speaking engagements in your city & country: 
 
 face to face 
 in writing via email 
 over the phone 
 word of mouth 
 etc. 
 
 Compensation package is 20% commission of Paul's speaking fee - meaning if your recommendation gets Paul a speaking opportunity paying $5,000 you get $1,000. 
 Ideal professionals and people of influence to approach and cultivate for Paul to be invited to speak: 
 
 government officials & civil servants 
 CEOs of corporations & companies 
 local & national meeting & event planners 
 college & university student activities coordinators, deans, student advisors and presidents 
 college fraternity & sorority directors 
 school principals 
 directors of associations, organizations and groups of all kinds 
 pastors, priests, rabbis, imams, monastery leaders 
 leaders of women's groups 
 directors of hospitals & nonprofit organizations 
 
 Another option is to contact / create a social network (face to face and/or online) to build interest in a topic Paul has written about or speaks on… then when you have 100 people wanting to hear Paul speak, arrange for each to pay $50 (or more) to attend a day long seminar with Paul. Upon completion of the seminar - you walk away with 20% which is $1,000 (or more). 
 Paul is also considering a bonus cruise as a thank you gift to the highest performer at the end of the first 6 months of work. 
 Another avenue for future promotions (long-term, once Paul has established a legally recognized nonprofit organization in your country) is to help Paul raise funds to go to third-world, war-torn nations to empower women & children. 
 Paul's bio is below to familiarize yourself with him. 
 Paul F. Davis is a worldwide speaker who has touched over 55 countries & 6 continents, building bridges cross-culturally by disarming and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 18 life-changing books. Paul’s incredible depth and personal stories from around the world, entertain and inspire audiences causing them to laugh, love, live and learn. 
 Paul has spoken for Celebrity Cruises and has appeared on numerous international broadcasts from Investors Business Daily, Oprah & Friends to Fox News to talk about success, leadership, relational intricacies, conflict resolution, life balance, and living your dreams. By reason of his global travels, Paul is a highly sought after diversity and multicultural awareness speaker. 
 Playboy Radio Afternoon Advice host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an awesome relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9-11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations, while empowering people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
info@PaulFDavis.com 
 Sincere thanks for your time and consideration of this promotion. 
 Don't wait for my permission to begin. If you want to work, go for it and when the speaking engagements come in because of your referrals, you will be the first to get paid when I receive my check. Consider this a contract - signed, sealed and delivered! 
 Now let's begin together to do well doing good! 
 info@PaulFDavis.com 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  classy woman ,  classy women jobs ,  great job for kids ,  great job for teenagers ,  great jobs for kids ,  great jobs for teenagers ,  great pay ,  great pay for women ,  job prospects ,  job questions ,  job search ,  jobs ,  jobs 4 kids ,  jobs 4 teenagers ,  jobs for classy women ,  jobs for college graduates ,  jobs for kids ,  jobs for teenagers ,  jobs for women ,  jobs for women communicators ,  jobs for women promoters ,  jobs for women speakers ,  jobs for women writers ,  women promoters ,  women want to talk ,  women who can communicate ,  women who can speak ,  women who can write ,  women with communication skills 
 Tagged as  great paying jobs for women 
 June 17, 2009 * 3:18 pm 
 New Employer & Job Offer: Questions to Ask Before Going to Work for a Company 
 I'm eager to learn more about your company and specifically the financials for compensation (and earning potential) before agreeing to be work for your company. 
 I would first need to know: 
 1. What type of training you offer your employees for professional development? 
 2. Compensation per hour and incentive structure to improve performance and be a high achiever? 
 3. Compensation based on sales of services & products? Any additional incentive structure? 
 4. What training manuals or books you provide your employees? (both as a resource and potential product to sell) 
 5. What your recommended reading list would be to your prospective employees to further their professional development and prepare them for the job? 
 Upon hearing back from you in regard to the above, I am confident I can make a more informed decision about the position. 
 Sincere thanks for your upcoming response, 
 Paul F Davis - career coach, life-changing author & worldwide speaker 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  do I really want this job? ,  first day on the job ,  job concerns ,  job offer ,  job prospects ,  job questions ,  new employer ,  new employer and company ,  questions about a job ,  questions before beginning work ,  questions for your company ,  questions to ask a future boss ,  questions to ask yourself about a job ,  should I take this job? 
 Tagged as  before going to work ,  job offer ,  new employer ,  questions to ask 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Business Letter Writer for Excellence and Success 
 College Counselor, Career Counselor and International Educator Empowering Global Scholars 
 Call Center Manager and Call Center Trainer for Global Call Centers 
 Youngevity Buyer Beware: Youngevity Mighty 90 - Vitamins, Multivitamins and Health Products 
 Chipotle Mexican Food, Chipotle Corporate Social Responsibility Failures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   awesome   believe   breakout   breakthrough   college   communications   cruise   demons   diversity   divine   dollar   dream   empowering   evangelism   evangelist   family   fun   globe   happiness   happy   heart   international   kids   knowledge   ladies   lake   liberation   life   living   love   men   miracles   money   motivational   mpi   obama   oprah   pain   passion   peace   people   politics   power   prevention   publisher   purpose   revelation   rich   salvation   secrets   seminar   sex   souls   speaker   spirit   spiritual   spirituality   student   students   success   supernatural   teach   the secret   transformation   truth   united   uplift   usa   value   war   wealth   wisdom   women   world 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carter on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joe on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 andrei  on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 P on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 Jong on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 61,932 hits 
 
 
 
 Paul F Davis - Weblog  * Transformation & Living Your Dreams! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
