
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  / Find Travel Writing Job Opportunities 
 Find Travel Writing Job Opportunities 
 Travel writing can seem like the best of both worlds for people who love writing and love travel - why not combine these two things great things and make them into a career? The opportunities to do just that are definitely out there if you know where to look. Travel writing as a career can be fun, exciting and lucrative if you are willing to put in a little extra work, and learn as much as you can about the industry and the system through which great work gets published. 
 We can get one thing out of the way upfront: Travel writing is competitive. Paying journalists for their writing, as well as their travel expenses, can be quite costly to most publications and they want to be sure that their writers are going to produce quality work. This means that you might need to prove yourself for some time before you get the high-paying gigs that you're after. 
 But "paying your dues" could be well worth it, and at first you might find yourself covering stories that are off the beaten path, or writing for publications with more of a niche readership. You might also start to weave a travel component into your other writing. For example, if you currently blog about sports, you might want to start building your travel writing portfolio by incorporating some travel aspects into your current work. Maybe this just means traveling to a nearby city for a match or tournament of some sort, but you can still get your feet wet by treating even a short trip as an adventure worth writing about. 
 Travel writers should be passionate about travel from the start - if you aren't willing to take on adventures and interact with locals, travel writing probably isn't the best choice for you. That said, many travel writers don't actually start out by getting paid to travel. They write about things that they would have done anyway, and then sell their stories to magazines, blogs and maybe even newspapers. 
So if you already have stories to tell, where are the best places to get your travel writing published? 
 
 Lonely Planet and other Travel Guides 
 
 Travel guides consistently hire writers to produce short reviews of places to eat, sleep, and see for interested travelers. If you are incredibly familiar with a particular destination, you can often be contracted to write extensively on "everything to do" in a certain city or region. Travel guides like the  Lonely Planet  hire both freelance and staff writers. These jobs are great, but not always easy to come by. You'll have to be very consistent in your research, and constantly checking websites to see if a position has opened up. An up-and-coming guidebook or site might be able to offer more flexibility in a writing job than an established one like the Lonely Planet, but expect the pay to be lower. All great travel writers have to start somewhere! To find travel guide writing jobs, you are best off doing a quick Internet search for "online travel guides" to familiarize yourself with the major players. Then you can check each website to see if they are hiring writers, and get a sense of the tone and style of the travel guides and articles. 
 Transitions Abroad Magazine  is another great resource for travel writing, as they accept a broad range of  essays from writers  who are already living, working and/or volunteering abroad. The pay isn't great, but being published on the widely-read website can certainly help you gain experience and build your portfolio. 
 
 Airline Magazines 
 
 We've all thumbed through our share of  airline magazines  while waiting for the pilot to turn off the fasten seatbelt sign, or for the in-flight entertainment to begin. It's interesting to note that most of the articles in airline magazines are written by freelance writers. If you are at all familiar with the freelance magazine writing submission process, you should be comfortable jumping into in-flight magazines. If not, here are a few quick tips: 
 
 Read the writer 's guidelines. Carefully.  These requirements for article submissions are generally available under "contact us" for most in-flight magazine websites. Magazine editors know exactly what they are looking for, and the writer's guidelines reflect that. If they say they do not accept general travel stories, do not submit general travel stories. If they mention how much they love celebrity interviews and profiles, consider that when thinking of stories to pitch. 
 Read the magazine.  This is a mistake that many writers make when they are sending out mounds of inquiry letters and pitches. The tone and style of a magazine is very important, and the more an editor can imagine your submission as part of the magazine, the more likely it is to be picked up. You should always maintain your own voice as a writer, but it doesn't hurt to know a little bit about the voice of the magazine you're pitching as well. 
 Be creative.  In the world of travel writing, the possibilities are endless. But you would not believe how many people submit travelogues of their trips to Paris or the Great Wall that don't uncover any new territory. Airline magazine editors have read it all before, and they want something fresh and new. Maybe you can write about the parts of Paris that no one ever sees? Or about your day trip to a small town that had a great little bakery? These are the new, exciting stories that magazines want to see. 
 
 If you aren't familiar with airline publications, you can find lists by checking out this directory of  in flight magazines , or by doing a search for airlines you are familiar with. You can also find a list of the most heavily circulated in flight magazines at Cision Navigator. 
 
 Blogs/Online Magazines 
 
 There are so many possibilities for travel writing on the web, and the best advice that I can give you for how to find them is to check for travel writing jobs on some of the big freelance writing sites. These sites are some of the best for credible, paid freelance writing jobs: 
 Travel Writers Exchange  - Tons of information about travel writing, including links to job resources. This is a great first stop if you are just starting out in the world of travel writing. 
 Freelance Writing Gigs  - A great resource for people just starting out in freelance writing, with daily job postings and advice from experts. 
 ProBlogger Job Board  - A forum for people seeking and posting all kinds of blogging jobs, for beginners and experts alike! You'll have to sift through a lot of the posts to find jobs relevant to travel, but it can be worth it. Make good use of the search feature to efficient seek out travel blogging jobs. 
 Craigslist  - The old stand-by for finding gigs of any kind, Craigslist is a veritable smorgasbord of start-up magazines looking for submissions. Beware of any ad that asks you to write for free, unless they are offering to cover expenses. Don't be afraid to look outside of your local region for work - many Craigslist postings are actually for writers who work virtually. 
 
 Hotels, Resorts and Travel Companies 
 
 This is a trick that I picked up from a travel writer that I worked with - she had a 9-5 job, but spent all of her extra time traveling to anywhere and everywhere. And she never paid for a single vacation herself. How did she pull this off? Travel writing. 
 She started out with a passion for travel, and would write reviews of the places she went on a blog that she kept for herself and friends. Eventually, an adventure travel company reached out to her to ask her to come on one of their vacations, if she promised to write about it. She eventually began to marker her articles to blogs with larger readership, and leveraged that to get even more free vacations. She didn't get paid big bucks for her writing, but she was able to get to see many places she would never have been able to afford otherwise. 
 If you are interested in pursuing this kind of travel writing, it is definitely worth it to reach out to some small to mid-size travel companies in your area and see if you can tag along on one of their adventures. You'd be surprised at how much a company is willing to give for a little free publicity. 
 These are just a few ideas to help you get started on your journey to becoming a travel writer. The most important things to remember as you embark on a new market like travel writing is to tell the best story that you can. When people read travel articles, they want to feel like they have been transported to a foreign destination. They want you to paint that picture for them. Whether it is quick blurbs for a travel guide, or long narrative stories for an in-flight magazine, as a travel writer you have the opportunity to make people want to see all of the sights that the world has to offer. 
 If you have any tips for travel writers, please leave them in the comments. You can also find out more about freelance writing in the  Writing Jobs  section of JobMonkey.com. 
 Filed Under:  Jobs Abroad  Tagged With:  freelance writing ,  travel jobs ,  travel writing jobs ,  work abroad ,  writing 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
