Sophie E Tallis - Author/Illustrator 
 Home of the Mistress of Wolves: writing, publishing, fantasy, epic storytelling, art, illustration, poetry, creativity and everything in between! 
 Tag Archives: juggling jobs 
 January 31, 2019  by   Sophie E Tallis 
 Organising your arse and getting serious about your business! 
 Being a creative nerd I've never had a head for business or even considered anything I do  as  being a business and I know I'm not alone in that thinking. 
 
 Last year I took a deep breath and followed Lady Gaga and "jumped in at the deep end" by opening my first  Etsy Shop  -  Sophie 's Artisan Arts . It was terrifying and exhilarating, and while I haven't exactly set the world alight, I have had a solid first year, helped no end by my incredibly awesome and supportive friends - THANK YOU!!!! ❤ ❤ ❤ 
 **I admit I always thought that creativity and business weren 't harmonious bedfellows. **But anyone creative who needs or wants to make a viable career from doing what they love (whether it's writing, art, design, making crafts, photography etc etc), needs to develop a  head for business. 
 
 Trust me, nothing makes me squirm more than the thought of dull accountants, business records, paperwork, profit margins, checklists etc etc., to me those are the antithesis of living a spontaneous and creatively fulfilled life.  It 's just not how my brain works! 😀 
 But in simple terms, if you love what you do and you want to make a  sustainable  and  consistently reliable  living from what you do, then you need to sell what you create/make and that means developing a business brain and  a strategy to help you achieve your goals. 
 Once you've realised this, then the next step is working out how the hell you go about doing that, especially when your chosen field is absolutely swamped by thousands of others doing what you do or something very similar (though no doubt to a poorer standard). 😉 
 
 Standing out from the crowd is the obvious first step, but to do that not only must the product you create be  original  and  brilliantly created  (quality NOT quantity - sadly so often talent only gets you so far and not to the winning post), but you need to  market it  expertly, get people to take notice of it and you.  You need to approach what you do as a business not a hobby. 
 If people don 't know about the amazing things you create how can you sell any of them and make a successful business? 
 It's the difference between being an amateur hobbyist and someone who is a professional in their field and is  serious  about pursuing their dream of making a career and a whole life based around what they love to do. 
 Not approaching your creative life seriously is a massive obstacle to your success, so snap out of it! 
 After a long chat with my fellow arty mate, Linda (and fellow giggly work colleague), where we discussed business plans and what we hoped to achieve this year and in the future, I followed Linda's advice by getting the  Maker 's Yearbook 2019 , by  Nicola Taylor  , a goal setting workbook and planner  specifically for artists, makers and handmade business owners. 
 
 WOW!!!! MIND BLOWN! 😀 
 Unfortunately I was too late to get the book which sold out, so I bought the PDF version and printed it off at home on 120gsm quality paper and popped it in a folder. I'd never heard of this Maker's Yearbook before and even though I didn't purchase it until halfway through January, I've been addicted to it ever since! 
 For a scatterbrain like me, who has all the  business acumen  and ICT proficiency of a fish on a bicycle, this has helped me no end! 
 I cannot recommend this enough. It breaks everything down into  small achievable goals  , so straight from the beginning you're achieving something  positive  and  succeeding rather than failing . It helps you to structure your business, your thinking, to get you to  work more effectively  and  efficiently  rather than just working harder and chasing your own tail while making no actual forward progress and burning yourself out. It makes you review the previous year (2018) and really identify what worked, what didn't, what mistakes you made, what expenses and costs you had, what money and actual profits you made and how you divided your time between actually doing the creative thing you love and just flitting around like a headless chicken trying to gain attention in the hope of some sales. 
 It was a very interesting and reflective exercise. It made me realise how terrible my time keeping is, how unbalanced my life is, how disorganised and chaotic I am, how exhausted I've been and ground down, and how little progress I made, despite all my efforts, compared to the previous year (2017). 
 What a jolt to the senses! 
 Already, at the end of this first month (after only 2 weeks of having this Maker's Yearbook), I have already booked an Art/Craft fair for March, have contacted numerous art centres, shops, exhibitions etc,. will be meeting the head of an art centre next week and have a  clear plan  and  strategy about the year ahead  - something I've  NEVER  had! 
 
 The moment I finish the long term map commission I've been working on for far too long, then the rest of my plans will start to kick in. For possibly the first time in my life, I actually feel that my creative life  can  actually have a viable commercial/business future and I actually  will  be able to make a career from doing what I love. It's very early days, but finally…  I HAVE A PLAN!!!! 😀 
 So to all my creative buddies out there trying to live off the thing you create, many of you struggling as I have, some of you on the brink of giving up while others are enjoying successes, **DON 'T GIVE UP **or  GIVE IN . 
 
 KEEP GOING  , get yourself organised, set yourself real weekly and daily goals which all take you one step further to achieving your overall aim and  GO FOR IT! 
 No-one can climb a mountain in one go, you start by climbing a low foothill first. Get that first achievement under your belt then move on and the same applies here. 
 Is it easy? Of course not, nothing important ever is. For me personally, one of my  biggest challenges  is overcoming my  social anxieties  and  crippling self-doubts . This goes WAY beyond  ' imposter syndrome'  for me, this is more like paralysing fears, actually having to winkle myself out of my hermit hole and converse with actual real human beings, having to cold call places, put myself forward, try to exude confidence while my nervous sweats start in. 
 
 People that don't know me well imagine I'm the height of confidence, the big bubbly girl, but I'm collapsing inside. Yes I know I have some measure of artistic talent, I could always draw and paint better than most of my friends even from an early age, but I am NOT a professional at  networking  ,  marketing  , at  selling my products  to the actual public. Just doing one Art Fair last year showed me just how out of my depth I was. To me it seemed that everyone knew what they were doing, these were people who had been setting up stalls and selling their goods for years and had it down to a fine art. Their tables were eye catching and professional looking, they had  prints of all their work  so even if a customer can't fork out a large amount for something they'll still buy something small for £4, ie. they still make a sale and the stall exudes success which draws more people in. It was both awe inspiring and utterly terrifying! 
 
 Any introvert will know what I'm talking about. You just want to shrink into the background or hide under your tablecloth, but you have to sell yourself and your work and do both justice - so no, it's definitely NOT easy, but like most things, it is a skill you can learn and improve on with practice. ❤ 
 After all, we learn from failure and success. 
 Wishing you all the very best for 2019, may it make our dreams and goals come true! 
 ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  A Writer's Life For Me! ,  Artwork ,  Daily Hello! 
Tagged  Art/Craft Fairs ,  Artist ,  being brave ,  business ,  career versus hobby ,  commissions ,  creativity ,  diversifying ,  Etsy shop ,  failure and success ,  Illustrating ,  illustrator ,  juggling jobs ,  life of an artist ,  life work balance ,  maker ,  making contacts ,  Nicola Taylor ,  no distractions ,  organisation ,  planning your year ahead setting achievable goals ,  reliable income ,  Setting up a Business ,  Sophie E Tallis ,  Sophie E Tallis Illustrations ,  Sophie's Artisan Arts ,  strategy ,  The Maker's Yearbook 2019 ,  time keeping ,  working better NOT harder ,  working practices 
 2 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 
 Daily Hello! 
 Sophie E Tallis Illustrations 
 
 Artwork 
 
 
 Sophie's Artisan Arts - an Etsy shop! 
 A Writer's Life For Me! 
 
 Author Bio - Sophie E Tallis 
 Inspiration 
 Etymology - What's in a Word? 
 Grand Visions 
 Fact or Fiction? 
 Short Stories, Poetry and other Oddities! 
 
 
 The Darkling Chronicles 
 
 White Mountain 
 
 
 Interviews, Reviews & Press Releases 
 
 Distant Worlds - Author Interview Series 
 Awards, Blogs n' Hops! 
 The Alliance of Worldbuilders 
 
 
 Links 
 
 Sophie E Tallis website 
 Sophie E Tallis Illustration Website 
 Sophie's Artisan Arts - My new Etsy shop! 
 YouTube Channel 
 
 
 
 Sophie's Artisan Arts - My New Etsy Shop! 
 
 2018 British Fantasy Awards 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 58,782 hits 
 
 Are you looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 The Society of Authors 
 
 White Mountain 
 
 White Mountain - Book 1 of The Darkling Chronicles 
 
 Social Media 
 
 View sophie.e.tallis's profile on Facebook 
 View SophieETallis's profile on Twitter 
 View sophieetallis's profile on Pinterest 
 View sophieetallis's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Darkling Friends 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,393 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Sophie E Tallis - Author/Illustrator on WordPress.com 
 The Darkling Chronicles 
 
 The Darkling Chronicles 
 
 Follow me! :D 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Category Cloud 
 Artwork   Author Bio - Sophie E Tallis   Awards, Blogs n' Hops!   A Writer's Life For Me!   Daily Hello!   Darkling Friends   Distant Worlds - Author Interview Series   Etymology - What's in a Word?   Fact or Fiction?   Film Reviews   Grand Visions   Inspiration   Interviews   Interviews, Reviews & Press Releases   Links   Poetry and other Oddities!   Reviews & Press Releases   The Alliance of Worldbuilders   The Chris Pratt Challenge   The Darkling Chronicles   White Mountain 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 
 
 Gettin' taggy with it? 
 adventure   advice   AFE Smith   art   artwork   author   author interviews   authors   blog   blogging   blogs   books   bookshops   books to recommend   creativity   Distant Worlds   dragons   dreams   Epic fantasy   events   experiences   family   fantasy   fantasy maps   friends   friendship   genre   goals   Grimbold Books   hard work   ideas   illness   illustrations   imagination   indie authors   influences   inspiration   inspirations   interviewees   interview series   Joanne Hall   journey   Katrina Jack   Kristell Ink   landscapes   life   literature   living   magic   maps   marketing   nature   new books   New Zealand   novels   photography   poems   poetry   publisher's   publishing   Sammy HK Smith   science-fiction   self-discovery   Sophie E Tallis   Sophie E Tallis Illustrations   stories   survivor   Susan Finlay   Tenebris Books   The Darkling Chronicles   travel   Tricia Drammeh   Waterstones   White Mountain   White Mountain - Book 1 of The Darkling Chronicles   work   writers   writing   writing process   Zoe Harris 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Meh - Dealing with Despondency. 
 Organising your arse and getting serious about your business! 
 Reality Bites - A Year of Art, Wolf Problems and Hard Decisions 
 Frantic Fun at FantasyCon and BristolCon! 
 It's About Time for Sophie E Tallis 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 
 Blog Awards 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Feb 
 Goodreads 
 Sophie E Tallis 
 
 @ garethlpowell  So proud of you mate, well done!!! <3  1 hour ago 
 Britain is breaking its promise of better bee protections by allowing a bee-killing poison banned in the EU to be u…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 hour ago 
 I just updated my website.  sophieetallisillustrations.weebly.com   1 month ago 
 @ Love_plants  @ DrTrevorDines  We had Golden Waxcaps in our grass...beautiful!!!  https://t.co/vDdcg2piFY   2 months ago 
 @ DrTrevorDines  Our  #nomowmay  &  #letitbloomjune  were v successful with our lawn becoming a wildflower meadow full of…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 
 Follow @sophieetallis 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
