Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Associate 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 You’ll join a team that goes above and beyond for their clients. As a Client Associate, you’ll work closely with Investment Advisors at CIBC Wood Gundy to help manage their portfolios and develop new business. You’ll directly engage with high net worth clients to offer support, uncover business opportunities and proactively improve the client experience. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Client Engagement - Focus on each client experience and connect on a personal level to make every interaction meaningful. Anticipate client needs and communicate promptly with your team to build trust and deepen client relationships. Identify activities, processes and opportunities to improve the client experience. 
 Business Development – Proactively identify business opportunities for your team. Work closely with Investment Advisors to support business development activities and assist in the building of investment plans based on the client’s profile, goals, and risk/reward tolerance. 
 Relationship Building - Heighten CIBC brand awareness in your community by attending local events and participating in marketing and outreach activities. Grow your network to create lasting connections that will generate future opportunities. 
 Who You Are 
 You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it’s the right thing to do. 
 You're driven to succeed. You are motivated by accomplishing your goals and delivering your best to make an impact. 
 You engage with your heart and mind . You care about people and understand different perspectives. You listen and learn from the experiences of others. 
 You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don’t. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. 
 You’re a certified professional. You have current accreditation and good standing Canadian Securities Course (CSC), Conduct & Practice Handbook (CPH), and Investment Representative (IR) licensing. It’s an asset if you have Registered Representative (RR) licensing. Financial Services and/or Brokerage industry experience, and working knowledge of various quotation equipment is required. 
 Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive:  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop:  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning , and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper:  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-4110 Yonge Street 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
