
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Real Estate Assistant Jobs: How To Find Virtual Work Helping Realtors 
 April 3, 2019 by  Ashlee Anderson   2 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 238 
  __Share 49 
  __Share 
 287 Shares 
 The Different Types of Real Estate Assistant Jobs (And How To Do Them From Home) 
 Real estate assistant jobs are on the long list of  administrative jobs you can easily do from home . Surprised? Don't be! 
 Thanks to technology, most admin tasks can be done remotely. This includes traditional in-office activities like calendar management, supplies ordering, and even faxing! So, this means you can be sitting in your living room or home office while helping others from all over the country (or world). 
 One such profession that often benefits from virtual assistants are realtors. And, if you've ever thought about becoming a realtor or want to work from home helping others, this might pique your interest. 
 
 But, you may have a few questions like: 
 What does a real estate assistant even do? 
 Do I have to have experience to get started? 
 What about a passion for real estate -- is that a must? 
 How much can I actually earn? 
 Where can I even find work? 
 
 These are all great questions, and ones I'll answer as you work to figure out if real estate assistant jobs are the right path for you. 
 What Does A Real Estate Assistant Do? 
 First and foremost, real estate assistants help realtors grow their business. This includes helping with: 
 
 Lead generation 
 Calendar management 
 Social media marketing 
 Administrative tasks 
 
 Of course, the specific tasks a real estate assistant undertakes depends on the realtor they're working with. It also depends on whether or not you attain licensing. 
 Remember, you DO NOT need a license to pursue real estate assistant jobs. That's because you can still perform many important admin tasks as an unlicensed real estate assistant that even include listing properties and assisting with closings. 
 Do I Need Experience To Get Hired? 
 The short answer: Nope! 
 Specific experience as a real estate assistant is not needed. What is important is that you have certain skills and traits that set you up for success for real estate assistant jobs. These characteristics include: 
 
 Organizational skills 
 An eye for detail 
 Able to manage multiple tasks at once 
 Good at breaking things down into manageable chunks 
 Excellent, professional communicator 
 
 Sound like you? Woohoo! You've got the basic building blocks needed to be a successful real estate assistant. 
 Should I Have A Passion For Real Estate? 
 This isn't such a cut and dry answer. Of course, it's a huge bonus if you do have a passion for real estate. Any time you enjoy what you're doing, the greater your job satisfaction. But that doesn't necessarily mean you're out of luck if you don't live and breathe real estate. 
 Being indifferent about buying and selling properties is okay. As long as you genuinely enjoy helping others grow their business, you'll be just fine. And, who knows, maybe you'll jump in and realize the passion for real estate was actually there all along! 
 What Can I Expect To Earn As A Real Estate Assistant? 
 According to  PayScale , the average real estate assistant job pays $14.45 per hour. Keep in mind, this is just an average hourly rate. How much you earn will depend on factors like: 
 
 Whether you work for yourself or for a company 
 Experience 
 Services offered 
 Licensing or certifications 
 
 Generally speaking, real estate assistant jobs pay more when you're self-employed versus working in an office setting for a broker or firm. This is often because you get to work for multiple clients and set your own pay rate. 
 Where Can I Actually Find Real Estate Assistant Jobs? 
 The obvious place to look would be on the websites and career pages of big-name brokers and agencies. These include household names like: 
 
 Century 21 
 Remax 
 Keller Williams 
 Coldwell Banker 
 
 You can also check large job search sites, like  Indeed  or ZipRecruiter. 
 There are also niche job boards that focus specifically on real estate job leads. A popular one is called  Select Leaders . 
 Remember, the jobs posted here are likely local and employee positions. That means you'll be expected to go into the office and will earn a predetermined hourly wage for your work. 
 If you want something more flexible (who doesn't?) that allows you to work when you want AND from the convenience of your home, then you're going to want to strike out on your own. 
 How To Create Your Own Jobs 
 I'm a firm believer that anyone can launch and scale a successful service-based business. As a reminder, a service-based business is often called freelancing. When you freelance, you are your own boss. Yes, you work for clients but at the end of the day, you run the show and determine how you'll work, when, and for whom. 
 And, it just so happens that real estate assistant jobs lend themselves really well to freelancing. 
 That's because there are a TON of realtors out there who could benefit from a helping hand every now and again. They don't necessarily need a full-time, in-office assistant. Instead, they need someone from time to time to help them with the tasks they're too busy to do. That's where you can come in as a virtual real estate assistant. 
 How Do I Become A Virtual Real Estate Assistant? 
 It's one thing to decide to  launch your own service-based business  as a real estate assistant. It's a whole other ball game actually getting started. 
 The good news is, you can test the waters and try your hand at freelancing pretty quickly if you're unsure if it's right for you. 
 There are a number of  freelance service sites, like Upwork, that allow you to sign up for free and start pitching your services to clients. A quick search on Upwork for real estate jobs yields dozens and dozens of results. Job opportunities range from cold callers for real estate agents to property listing writers and, of course, real estate assistant jobs. 
 Keep in mind, you typically can't earn as much when you use freelance sites. That's because the marketplace site charges you, the freelancer, a percentage of your earnings. It can be a good way to test the waters as a new freelancer, but it can really start to eat into your profits when you're constantly pitching to job ads and competing with tons of other freelancers. A better way to go about freelancing as a virtual real estate assistant is to strike out on your own. 
 Real Estate Assistant Training 
 The good news is, if you feel ready to jump all in and find real estate assistant jobs on your own, you don't have to go it alone. 
 Over at  Horkey Handbook , there's a self-paced, fully online course to help you jumpstart a real estate assistant biz, even if you have zero experience. 
 By  signing up for the real estate virtual assistant course , you'll learn: 
 
 How to package and sell services to clients 
 Ways to find real estate agents to pitch your services to 
 Essential real estate terminology 
 New listing coordination 
 Social media marketing 
 And so, so much more 
 
 The best part? You have lifetime access to the course and materials. That means you can continue to learn and grow for as long as you choose. 
 And, since the going rate for a virtual real estate assistant is $20-$30 an hour, you can earn your investment back in just a few short hours. 
 Head on over to the  Real Estate Assistant Course at Horkey Handbook  to learn more and get started today. You've got this! 
 Real Estate Assistant Jobs 
 There you have it -- how to find real estate assistant jobs, even if you're just starting out. Remember, there is no right or wrong way to get started. You just have to actually get going. 
 As always, if you have any questions let me know if the comments below. You've got this! 💪🏻 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 P.S. This post contains affiliate links. Check out my  disclosure statement  for more information. 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 238 
  __Share 49 
  __Share 
 287 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths  Tagged With:  real estate assistant jobs ,  real estate assistant jobs from home ,  virtual real estate assistant jobs 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Marié says 
 
 August 6, 2019 at 5:53 am 
 Dear Ashlee 
I am a realty agent and i am battling to find quickly the right clients in my town, ehick are Newcastle South Africa, for my properties and sole mandates. 
Do you have ideas or help me how to go about it? Although I am using Property 24 and Facebook. I don't have much knowledge of media advertising. Please i sm desperate. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 13 Work At Home Skills You Can Learn This Year To Change Careers  says: 
 
 August 5, 2019 at 12:33 pm 
 […] professionals often need an extra set of hands to help them get through the day. That's where real estate assistants come into […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
