Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers | Law Offices of Alex Berman, PC 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 
 Injured at Work 
 How a Lawyer Can Help 
 Workers' Comp Resources 
 Benefits Denied / Terminated 
 Video Library 
 Podcasts 
 
 
 Construction 
 Client Testimonials 
 Blog 
 About Us 
 
 Our Attorneys 
 Office Locations 
 Awards and Honors 
 Attorney Referrals 
 Law Scholarship 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 Injured? Free Advice (855) 221-2667 
 Home  >  Injured at Work  > Injured on the Job 
 Injured on the job in Michigan 
 Our workers' comp lawyers answer common questions about what to do, whether you qualify for workers compensation and your employer's responsibility 
 The pages below have vital information on what happens when you've been injured on the job, including advice on how workers compensation comes into play and what you should do now. 
 To speak with one of our work comp lawyers today, call (855) 221-2667, or you can fill out our  free consultation form . There's no cost or obligation. 
 I was injured on the job in Michigan, what should I do now? 
 Determining your next steps after being hurt at work can be overbearing. Our workers' comp attorneys provide three simple steps to help begin your recovery after a work-related injury. 
 Read More 
 Do I qualify for workers compensation in Michigan? 
 Our workers' comp attorneys answers frequently asked questions on who can receive benefits such as: who qualifies for workers' compensation, what is covered, what kind of injuries are covered and more. 
 Read More 
 What is my employer responsibility regarding Michigan workers comp? 
 There’s a great deal of confusion about what an employer must do when an employee is hurt at work. The information provided will help you understand your rights in the event an employer doesn’t have your best interest in mind or doesn’t have a work-related injury protocol in place. 
 Read More 
 Does my employer have to hold my job while I 'm on workers' compensation? 
 Many people want to know if they can lose their job while seeking workers' comp benefits. Learn why your employer does not have to hold your position while you’re on work comp and what you can to do protect yourself if you’re unlawfully terminated. 
 Read More 
 Can I be forced back to work? 
 You can never be forced to back to work after you’ve been hurt at work. But there are things you can do to protect yourself and your right to workers' compensation benefits. Take a look at the frequently asked questions our Michigan work comp attorneys have provided. 
 Read More 
 Help from our workers' comp lawyers if injured on the job 
 To speak with one of our Michigan work comp lawyers now. We've been protecting people injured on the job for more than 35 years. Our attorneys can answer your questions and help you protect your right to workers' comp benefits — with no cost or obligation to you. You can also fill out our  free consultation form . 
  __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
 Injured at Work 
 
 Workers Comp Law 
 Injured on the Job 
 
 What Should I Do 
 Do I Qualify 
 What are Employer's Responsibilities 
 Does Employer Have to Hold Job 
 Can Employer Force Back to Work 
 
 
 Benefits 
 Medical Treatment 
 
 Injured On 
The Job A Guide to Michigan Workers Compensation Law  Free Book 
 Michigan Workers Compensation Attorneys Answer | What You Need To Know Now 
 Free Consultation 
 
 
 First Name* 
 
 
 Last Name* 
 
 
 Email* 
 
 
 Phone* 
 
 
 Message* 
 
 
 Please verify your request * 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Phone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 
 Workers Comp Blog How To Check On My Workers' Comp Claim Status? Do You Pay Taxes On Workers' Comp Checks? Workers' Comp Not Sending Checks: Now What Do I Do? 
 Follow Us 
 Toll-free / Free Consultation:(855) 221-2667 
 
 
 Farmington Hills 
 
 
 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250 
 
 
 Farmington Hills, MI 48334 
 
 
 (248) 284-7285 
 
 
 Detroit 
 
 
 645 Griswold St, Suite 1308 
 
 
 Detroit, MI 48226 
 
 
 (313) 925-3169 
 
 
 Grand Rapids 
 
 
 330 Fulton Street East #250 
 
 
 Grand Rapids, MI 49503 
 
 
 (616) 871-2820 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Workers Comp Lawyers Help. All rights reserved. 
 Disclaimer: This information is for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal advice without consulting with licensed attorney. This is not intended to substitute for the advice of an attorney. The law is subject to frequent changes and varies from one jurisdiction to another. Some of the information on this site may be deemed ATTORNEY ADVERTISING in some states. No attorney-client relationship is formed nor should any such relationship be implied. Past results are no guarantee of future results. Attorney Alex Berman of Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers is responsible for the content of legal advertisements. His office address is 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250, Farmington Hills, Michigan, 48334 and his telephone number is (248) 284-7285. 
 __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
