Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Practical Nurse (RPN) 
 St. Joseph's Villa, Dundas 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 St. Joseph’s Villa Dundas is   currently seeking Registered Practical Nurses to join our growing and dynamic team during this Pandemic. 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is one of Ontario’s largest and most innovative long term care homes. Located in historic downtown Dundas, we are proud to be the second largest organization in the St. Joseph’s Health System. Continuing the mission and legacy of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Hamilton, we are proud to serve our community. 
 We are the largest employer in Dundas. Our campus is conveniently located on a city bus route and offers free parking. We offer a range of challenging, rewarding careers and advancement opportunities for dedicated professionals in a health care environment. 
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 · Performs all duties in accordance with legislation, the Standards of Nursing Practice of the College of Nurses on Ontario, the College of Nurses Guidelines for Professional Behavior, physicians’ orders, the Mission Statement, Organizational and Management Philosophies and policies and standards of St. Joseph’s Villa. 
 · Participates in the nursing process to contribute to the initial and ongoing assessment of the resident’s health status, and in the planning, implementation and evaluation of nursing care. 
 · Supervise nursing care for resident’s whose health status is stabilized, and collaborates with the Registered Nurse regarding the provision of nursing care for residents whose health status is unstable. 
 · Is able to identify and prioritize and respond appropriately to demands of the Position. 
 · Takes responsibility for maintaining professional competence, seeks guidance when unable to perform required skills competently and shares responsibilities for maintaining and improving both knowledge and skills in the care of the elderly 
 · Participates in education in-services, Villa activities, ad hoc committees, and performs other related duties as required. 
 · Contributes to Continuous Quality Improvement initiatives 
 · Effective written and oral communication skills. 
 FORMAL EDUCATION: 
 Registered Practical Nurse in Ontario 
 Successful completion of approved Medication Administration Program (Community College) 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Please note that we are asking employees to work in only our home at this time. We are not allowing staff to work in various healthcare facilities until the pandemic has been uplifted. 
 Benefits: 
 
 Employee assistance programs 
 Flexible working hours 
 Onsite Gym 
 On-site parking 
 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Employee assistance program 
 Flexible schedule 
 On-site gym 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 nursing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 DCS / DEC (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Nursing (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
