
 World Changers Magazine 
 Encouraging and Equipping you to Impact Your World for God 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 
 Our Latest 
 
 
 Faith 
 
 
 Prayer 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 The Network 
 
 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 Our Latest  
 
 
 Faith  
 
 
 Prayer  
 
 
 News  
 
 
 The Network  
 
 
 Subscribe  
 
 
 October 4, 2020October 4, 2020   CoLoNiSt 
 THE MOST IMPORTANT JOB IN THE WORLD 
 Image Credit:  https://www.focusonthefamily.com/parenting/draw-your-children-into-the-bible/ 
 And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham [My friend and servant] what I am going to do, Since Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed through him  and shall bless themselves by him? For I have known (chosen, acknowledged) him [as My own], so that he may teach and command his children and the sons of his house after him to keep the way of the Lord and to do what is just and righteous, so that the Lord may bring Abraham what He has promised him. (Gen 18:17-19) 
 Abraham was central to God's plan to bless the nations of the earth and so God's promise to Abraham was "in you all the nations of the earth will be blessed." Like many of God's promises though, what the recipient of the promise does can be a major determinant of whether that promise comes to pass. In the case of Abraham, it was. 
 When God called Abraham out of his father's house, it was because God was looking for a person with whom he could start a new tribe of people who would ultimately "do what is just and righteous". God in essence wanted to give mankind a chance at building functional societies where justice reigned, and He headhunted Abraham because God evaluated that he was one person who would "teach and command his children and sons of his house to keep the way of the Lord". 
 Basically, when God conceived the plan to build just human societies, the most important factor he considered was parenting - particularly of the godly type. God's model for achieving this was to befriend Abraham and through him transmit His values to Abraham's offspring and ultimately spread them through the whole earth. 
 
 And when we come to God's house - the Church, God again uses success at parenting as a filter for selecting leaders in the Church. 
 
 As you search through scripture, you will notice that it is upon this model that God banks, and so you will repeatedly see His emphasis on godly parenting. For instance, Psalm 127 speaks to a dynamic of parenting that we see a lot of today. God in that portion raises the question of how the rat race impacts parenting. "Children are an heritage of the Lord" the Psalmist wrote, just after mentioning that waking up early (to hustle) and sleeping late is not a sure formula for success, especially as it means that children (who are God's heritage) are neglected. 
 
 We see here again a hint that effective parenting should generally result in functional homes - and by extension functional societies where justice and right living are the order of the day. 
 
 And when we come to God's house - the Church, God again uses success at parenting as a filter for selecting leaders in the Church. He asks essentially, "if a person can't handle parenting in such a way that his children can walk in obedience, why does he think he should be leading a larger group?" (1 Tim 3:4-6). We see here again a hint that effective parenting should generally result in functional homes - and by extension functional societies where justice and right living are the order of the day. 
 When we look at the wickedness in our society today, we have to acknowledge that far too many people have dropped the parenting ball. Thankfully, we can cry (in prayer) over spilt milk. And rising, we must get to work restoring godly parenting in our homes and so doing transform our societies, and bless the nations of the world. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 Print 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Sections 
 
 Published by CoLoNiSt 
 Sent here to reestablish the kingdom   View all posts by CoLoNiSt  
 Post navigation 
 Previous A Double Life: Avoiding Hypocrisy 
 Next How To Manage Your Time Wisely 
 One comment 
 
 Esther Onucheojo Moses  says: 
 
 November 11, 2020 at 10:39 am 
 Wow! I am blessed. Lord Jesus, please help me and give me the grace to have a godly home that will transform the society we find myselves to Your Glory. Amen. 
May God's grace be multiplied upon you Sir. Amen 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
