Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FRENCH TEACHER RECRUITMENT for 20/21 - occasional, LTO positions 
 Peterborough Victoria Northumberland & Clarington Catholic DSB 
 __Peterborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 FRENCH OCCASIONAL TEACHER RECRUITMENT for 2020/2021 
 The Peterborough Victoria Northumberland and Clarington Catholic District School Board is seeking QUALIFIED FRENCH TEACHERS to join our OCCASIONAL TEACHER LIST for both elementary and secondary panels, FRENCH IMMERSION and CORE FRENCH (FRENCH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE) for the upcoming 20/21 school year. 
 Those added to our occasional teacher list may work as short-term daily occasional teachers, may also apply to LTO (long term occasional) teaching assignment postings, or may apply to PERMANENT postings that become available throughout the school year, and for which they are eligible/qualified. FRENCH TEACHERS have an advantage to move through to LTO assignments, and PERMANENT assignments very quickly through the applicant cycle with this Board due to supply and demand. 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Ontario Teaching Certificate in good standing with the Ontario College of Teachers OR in the process 
 Primary/Junior or Junior/Intermediate or Intermediate/Senior (all subject areas for Secondary panel) 
 FRENCH subject qualifications OR FSL PART 1 AQ (French as a Second Language Part 1 Additional Qualification) either ALREADY or WILLING TO COMPLETE it, in the plans for taking it in the near future 
 
 HOW TO APPLY: 
 
 
 Apply DIRECTLY to THIS POSTING on www.applytoeducation.ca (ATE) 
 
 Our Board will have access to your application year round, in real time 
 Revise your application template and resume on ATE at any time and scan/upload new supporting documents as you receive them 
 Save money sending applications – fees associated with the application process on www.applytoeducation.ca are the responsibility of the candidate, however, once we employ you as an occasional teacher, we will pay your annual fee for your PVNCCDS Board online application membership. 
 
 
 
 If you have any questions contact the Apply to Education Customer Service Department at: info@applytoeducation.ca or call 1.877.900.JOBS ext. 224 OR Toronto Residents call 416.932.8866 ext. 224. 
 YOUR APPLICATION MUST INCLUDE: 
 
 a cover letter (a generic application letter is suitable) 
 a resume 
 
 
 
 a copy of your certification from the Ontario College of Teachers 
 
 our Board’s Catholic Priest Reference Form for Roman Catholic teachers (which you will obtain/print from our Board website at www.pvnccdsb.on.ca - see the Careers section) Note: please get this step started now, but do not wait to submit your application - it can be added to your online portfolio when you obtain it. 
 
 
 
 copies of all college/university transcripts/diplomas/certificates/degrees to date (add them as obtained) 
 
 practice teaching reports (if currently attending a faculty of education) 
 most recent teacher evaluation (experienced teachers) 
 
 
 
 A Criminal Background Check is not required at this stage. An acceptable current original Criminal Background Check including the Vulnerable Sector Screening component will be requested as a condition of employment by the Human Resource Services department of our Board following a formal interview, and prior to you commencing employment as an occasional or permanent teacher with our Board. 
 Registration on www.applytoeducation.on.ca must be kept active and up-to-date in order to remain a candidate for consideration for short-term occasional, long-term occasional or permanent employment. Occasional teachers of all divisions/qualifications/subject specialties are given first consideration for long-term occasional (LTO) assignments, and for permanent employment as positions become available throughout the year, and in accordance with Ontario Ministry of Education (MOE) Regulations for the hiring of teachers, and, our local collective agreements. 
 PVNCCDSB is committed to achieving excellence in Catholic education. We leverage our inclusive organizational culture to further build upon our dynamic and diverse workforce, reflective of the communities we serve. In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code (OHRC), PVNCCDSB will work collaboratively and respectfully with you in all stages of the recruitment process and throughout your employment. For further information about what accommodation and accessibility look like at PVNCCDSB please refer to our website. If you require accommodation at any stage of the hiring process, please contact our Recruitment Officer at 705-748-4861 ext. 1212 or email jebrown@pvnccdsb.on.ca. 
 Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. In accordance with the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, the personal provided is collected in the Education Act and will be used to determine eligibility for employment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
