Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 The Best Advice for Anyone Starting a Career 
 __ Mar 10 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 There are few things in life that pose a more daunting challenge than starting a career. 
 Some may wonder, how is that hard, or daunting. For this, it is important to remember that there is a difference between having a job and having a career. A career is something that you grow into, a path that you grow within and rise up through the ranks as your expertise and abilities grow. 
 How do you go about starting a career? That’s an important question, so keep reading for some advice on how you can ensure your career starts off on the right footing. 
 Know Your Why Before Starting a Career 
 Knowing you why is imperative if you are thinking about starting a career. Know what it is you want to do, and why you want to do it. 
 You don’t want to spend your time building a career in a field or area of study that you don’t enjoy, or without knowing what your end game is. Whether you want status, salary or to run your own business and create an empire. There are many ways to classify a career, and  knowing your why  will help you understand the route that is right for you. 
 Don’t be Afraid to Move to Advance Your Career 
 A career does not mean a life sentence. Sure, if you enjoy where you are working and the growth potential is there, then stay and climb the ladder. However, you should never stay somewhere that leaves you unhappy or unfulfilled. It is your  career you are building , and you need to make the decisions that are right for you. 
 If this means leaving to find employment elsewhere, maybe even hiring the services of an  executive search firm , then so be it. 
 Sometimes a move can be the best thing for you. Even if there is room for growth in your current firm. A fresh environment, and a fresh set of ideas – yours – can really give you and your career a big boost. 
 Bridges are Made for Crossing Not Burning 
 Business is not just about what you know, but who you know, and also who knows you. That is why, when starting a career you need to be careful to never burn your bridges. Just because you leave a company, even if you hated it, they may just be a connection you need later on. 
 Be polite and professional at all times, and you will  gain a reputation  as a worker that can be counted on and trusted when the time comes. 
 Word of mouth is a wonderful career builder, but if you burn too many of those bridges, you will find that it is also a career destroyer. 
 A Career is Not Built in a Day Just Keep Working 
 The thing to remember about a career is that it takes time to get the ball rolling, and can take even longer until you reach the heights you have been aiming for. The key is to just work hard and put in the graft. Never give up because you never know when your  big break  is going to arrive. 
 Don’t forget, if you ever find yourself struggling for motivation or questioning what you could do to keep that momentum going then we have plenty of reading material to motivate and inspire you. Check it out whenever you feel the need. 
 Posted in  Career 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
