 
 
    All jobs     Company Reviews     Career blog     FOR EMPLOYERS     Login     Sign up   TH   Sign up 
 
 
 SEARCH ALL JOBS 
 
 
 Full-Time 
 
 
 Part-Time 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 
 Jobs search is powered by WorkScore™ 
 
 
 
 See Reviews 
 
 
 How does it work? 
 
 
 Write a review 
 
 
 Employer Branding 
 
 
 Employers Solutions 
 
 
 POST JOBS FOR FREE 
 
 
 Login as Employer 
 
 
 Read our blog 
 
 
 Check our facebook 
 
 
 My profile 
 
 
 My applications 
 
 
 My job alerts (0) 
 
 
 My saved jobs (0) 
 
 
 Account settings 
 
 
 Logout 
 
 
 close 
 
 Candidate Account 
  Login     Sign up  
 All Thailand jobs 
  All Jobs     Internships  
 For Employers 
  Employer Branding     Employers Solutions     POST JOBS FOR FREE     Login as Employer  
 Company Reviews 
  See Reviews     How does it work?     Write a review  
 Career blog 
  Read our blog     Check our facebook  
 Language 
 ภาษาไทย 
 Hire with us ! Post your jobs now 
 North Star Digital 
 [  business_center 
 overview 
 overview 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/north-star-digital/overview) 
 [0 
 jobs 
 jobs 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/north-star-digital/jobs) 
 [12 
 photos 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/north-star-digital/photos) 
 [0 
 reviews 
 reviews 
 (new!) 
 ](https://www.workventure.com/en/company/north-star-digital/reviews) 
 Follow to receive job alerts for this company 
 atNorth Star Digital 
 APPLY NOW 
 This job has expired 
 Please view all  active jobs here  or  Go to homepage  or  View Company Reviews 
 International Marketing Specialist 
 atNorth Star Digital 
 North Star Digital is a specialized Facebook marketing agency with amazing clients from Thailand and all over the world. It is our mission to empower people & businesses to reach their full potential. 
 North Star Digital is not about plodding along at some kind of moderate standard, it is about working hard and smart to achieve a standard that is extraordinarily high, and then getting the satisfaction and rewards that come along with that sort of super-achievement. 
 Our overriding objective is excellence, or more precisely, constant improvement. Our culture is fueled by the desire to make work a meaningful and enjoyable cornerstone of life that empowers people like you to become the best version of yourself. You, in return, shape our organization into the leading Facebook marketing agency in Thailand by delivering excellent results to our clients. 
 We not only strive to establish ourselves as the leading Facebook marketing agency but also as the best place to work in Bangkok for ambitious marketing professionals. 
 What is the opportunity for you? 
 Have you ever thought, that given the right opportunity, you could become one of Thailand’s most effective marketers by using Facebook marketing to create real and tangible business results using a data-driven approach?! And then - after achieving own mastery of Facebook marketing - you could move up into a marketing manager where you will pass on your knowledge and be effectively leading a team of marketing experts in your next position within 3-12 months from today?! 
 If you have the drive, accountability, work-ethos, desire, and capabilities, this dream can become your reality at North Star Digital. 
 Our organization will be investing in your growth. Your supervisor will be coaching you while handing you more responsibilities as you grow. Their main goal is to turn you into a marketing manager. Not just any marketing manager. But to turn you into one of the countries' leading marketing managers, responsible and known for delivering cutting-edge digital marketing results. 
 What you will be doing (your responsibilities) 
 As a Facebook marketing specialist, you learn the craft of a successful marketing specialist: 
 
 Facebook marketing: Executing daily marketing on Facebook in international markets (mainly US and Europe) by analyzing data, reflecting and learning through ongoing reporting, creating campaign ideas based on data, writing engaging copy, collaborating with copywriters, creating design briefs for team members, scheduling posts and measuring and optimizing performance via Facebook ads. This day to day work will allow you to develop a high-level strategic understanding of sales and marketing. 
 Project management: Taking ownership of the management and delivery of your assigned projects. 
 Account management: Managing relationships with our clients and assuring their satisfaction while staying within the scope of work. 
 
 Another key responsibility is to be the champion of your own growth. Within 3-12 months, you will be independently managing projects and clients; keeping them happy with results that deliver business success. We will prepare you for your next position, as a Marketing Manager, where you will build and lead your own team of marketing and design professionals. 
 What you bring to North Star Digital (Requirements) 
 
 Commitment to our vision, mission, values, and culture (read more here: http://north-star-digital.com/marketing-jobs-bangkok/) 
 Absolutely reliable with an attention to detail 
 Strong pragmatism in order to solve problems 
 High logical mindset and an analytical understanding 
 Dedicated attitude 
 Highly coachable 
 Self-Awareness and Emotional Intelligence 
 Fluent English communication and writing skills 
 Creative and flawless Thai writing skills 
 Passionate about people and marketing 
 A deep desire to achieve excellence in management and leadership two jobs from now 
 
 Your Benefits 
 
 Starting salary THB 20,000 - 40,000 depending on experience and responsibilities 
 We expect you to outgrow the position as a Facebook marketing specialist and move up to the position of a marketing manager with a monthly salary of THB 40,000 – 70,000. For more information read the job description here: https://northstardigital.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=21 
 We give you responsibility and autonomy on Day 1; with the ability to shape a fast-growing company 
 We provide development opportunities and budget for your personal and professional growth 
 We tailor your employee development plan with mentoring and frequent check-ins with the goal of fast promotions 
 We foster an inclusive, international team that has a lot of fun together (weekly company dinners, weekly learning meeting, regular outings, etc.) 
 You won't find office politics here; we avoid hierarchies, hidden agendas, bad-mouthing, dead-end jobs, or excuses. 
 
 Are you up for the challenge? 
 Apply now and help us change the marketing industry in Thailand! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status. 
 Skills required 
 
 Facebook Marketing 
 Digital Marketing 
 English (Excellent) 
 
 Experience required 
 
 any or no experience 
 
 Career level 
 
 Entry Level 
 
 Only Thai nationals can apply 
 Skills optional 
 
 Fast Learner 
 High Responsibilities 
 Problem Solving 
 
 Salary 
 
 20,000 - 40,000 THB, Negotiable 
 
 Job function 
 
 Marketing / Advertising 
 
 Job type 
 
 Full-time 
 
 Company overview 
 Size:10-50 employees 
 Industry:Marketing / PR 
 Location:Bangkok 
 Website:north-star-digital.com/ 
 Founded in:2017 
 North Star Digital is a specialized Facebook marketing agency with amazing clients from Thailand and all over the world. It is our mission to empower people & businesses to reach their full potential. North Star Digital is not about plodding along at some kind of moderate standard, it is about wo ... Read more 
 Job location: Wattana 
 Head office: Bangkok Business Center Eakkamai 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 keyboard_arrow_right 
  Home> Search All Jobs> Apply to North Star Digital> 
 Benefits 
 
 Education Allowance 
 Job training 
 Health Insurance 
 Professional development 
 Learning & Development Opportunities 
 Five-day work week 
 
 Jobs you may like 
 
 Telesales & Telemarketing 
 TP MEDIA 
 
 Executive/Senior Executive -... 
 The Walt Disney (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 
 Digital Marketing 
 Engnow 
 
 Operations Associate –... 
 AB Innovations Co., Ltd. 
 
 Marketing Internship 
 MPG Corporation PCL 
 
 Disney+, Manager - Growth &... 
 The Walt Disney (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 See all jobs > 
 apply & quick apply 
 Click "APPLY" to change the documents that are sent to a Company. 
If you click "QUICK APPLY", the same documents that you sent last time, will be sent for a new Job Position. It helps you to send applications faster. 
You can always view your past applications in your  applications history 
 WorkVenture gives you an inside look at what it's like to work at North Star Digital, office & team photos, reviews and more. This is the North Star Digital Company Page. All content is posted anonymously by employees currently or previously working at North Star Digital. Apply to FolkRice Apply to Phatra Securities PCL. Apply to MLN Consulting Apply to WorkVenture Technologies 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 
  Job Posting Services 
 
 
  Employer Solutions 
 
 
  About WorkVenture 
 
 
  We are hiring 
 
 
 [email protected] 
 
 
 
 Job  and Company Reviews marketplace, 
connecting people with great jobs 
in Thailand. 
 About us 
 
  Our story 
  Company Reviews Feature  
  For Employers - Recruitment  
 [email protected] 
 Employer Branding 
 
 Job categories 
 
  All Thailand Jobs 
  Thailand full-time jobs 
  Thailand Internships 
  Part-time jobs 
 
 
 
 Secured server your privacy protected 
 Boi approved a promoted investment 
 trusted platform trusted services provider 
 
 JOB CATEGORIES 
 
  IT & Programming Jobs 
  Engineering Jobs 
  Marketing Jobs 
  Accounting Jobs 
  Finance Jobs 
  Internship Positions 
  View all Jobs 
 
 2014 Workventure Technologies Co., LTD. 
 
 Search words 
 Privacy Policy 
 หางาน   สมัครงาน 
 การเขียน Resume 
 หางาน 
 Company Pages 
 Jobs List 
 Job Titles 
 
