Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Driver / Skilled Labour 
 Victoria Contracting & Municipal Maintenance Corporation 
 __Langford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Driver / Labourer 
 The Road Maintenance Worker / Driver at Victoria Contracting is part of a large team that provides maintenance and public service to several municipalities in the Capital Regional District. As such, employees are expected to engage in a diverse range of activities. Reporting to the Roads Superintendent and Operations Manager. The Road Maintenance worker is primarily responsible for road surface and drainage maintenance. Responsibilities may include: 
 Job Duties 
 
 Operating a variety of small and medium tools and equipment to fulfill job duties; including but not limited to plate tampers, generators, cut saws, chain saws, shovels, rakes, etc. in a safe manner 
 Operating road equipment such as tandems, back-hoe, and one ton hauling trailer 
 Operating the following equipment but not limited to street sweeper, skid-steer, excavator 
 Operating company vehicles as required in a responsible manner 
 Assisting with other physical labour tasks as required 
 Completing time cards and materials logs with care and accuracy 
 Maintaining a professional appearance and deal with the public in a respectful and courteous manner at all times 
 Drive in a safe and defensive manner at all times, avoid careless errors at all costs 
 Correctly assessing load stability and vehicle stability on haul roads 
 Have a good idea of your surroundings on where equipment and personal is located in your working zone. Have good judgment and ability to make decisions 
 
 **  This is a physically demanding job which requires working outdoors in all weather conditions. The applicant must be able to lift / carry heavy objects and do repetitive tasks. ** 
 Requirements 
 
 Full driver’s license 
 Possess a clean driver abstract 
 Minimum Class 3 with Airbrakes,  preference given to Class 1 Drivers 
 6 -12 months of previous driving experience 
 Must be able to read, write and communicate effectively in English 
 Positive attitude and presentation 
 Ability to engage in physical labour on a daily basis 
 Ability to work a flexible shift schedule if necessary 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $22.00-$26.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Skilled Labor: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Construction: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Class 3 or higher (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
