WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Art Producer 
 Robot Entertainment Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 11, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Robot Entertainment, the independent developer of the  Orcs Must Die!  franchise, is looking for an Art Producer to join our team. This individual will be responsible for game art production across a variety of projects and game platforms. This is an excellent opportunity for a producer with a few years’ game industry experience looking for new challenges to join our team. 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 Reports to VP of Productions with a focus on art production 
 Tasks include: 
 
 Entering and tracking milestone tasks 
 Organizing art department reviews 
 Taking and distributing notes from department meetings 
 Coordinating art outsourcing: 
- Establish procedures and ensure that outsourcers can get started quickly and efficiently 
- Organize content reviews 
- Submit feedback provided by the art leads 
 Facilitating cross department communication to ensure efficient asset delivery 
 
 ‍ 
 The Ideal Candidate… 
 
 Has 2-3 years of game production experience 
 Understands art pipelines and the terminology used during game development 
 Has experience workig with Jira, Perforce, and Microsoft Project 
 Possesses great oral and written communication skills 
 Is self-managing with capability to work individually at remote location 
 Plays and enjoys a variety of games 
 
 ‍ 
 Educational Requirements 
 BS/BA/MS degree, or equivalent work experience. 
 ‍ 
 Additional Information 
 
 Location:  Full-time  Remote  or  On-Site (Plano, Texas) 
 Salary Range:  Commensurate with Experience & Skills 
 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply 
 Qualified responses should be directed to  recruiting@robotentertainment.com  with a  resume and cover letter.  Please indicate you are applying for the  Art Producer  position. 
 This is a full-time, professional exempt, remote or on-site position, with benefits. Open to United States citizens or those individuals who are legally residing and working in the USA. Robot will not facilitate or sponsor candidates for US work visas or US residency “Green Cards” for this position. 
 Robot Entertainment, Inc. is committed to providing equal opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected category. This policy is administered in accordance with federal laws (including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, Age Discrimination in the Employment Act of 1967, as amended, Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended, Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended) and all other applicable state or local law prohibiting discriminatory acts. 
 Robot Entertainment, Inc. is a privately owned developer of entertainment technology and intellectual property, based in Plano, Texas, USA. More information about Robot can be found at http://www.robotentertainment.com. 
 ‍ 
 About the Company 
 Robot Entertainment is an independent game studio founded in 2009, best known for creating the Orcs Must Die! franchise. Our team is made up of friendly and talented people who care deeply about their craft and respect quality of life. We strive to create a supportive environment where everyone can make an impact on our projects. 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games 
 Orcs Must Die! 3  ushers orc-slaying mayhem to a previously unimaginable scale. All new War Scenarios pit players and their friends against the largest orc armies ever assembled. Mountable War Machines give players the essential firepower to heave, stab, carbonize, and disarticulate the abominable intruders. Orcs Must Die! 3 is the long-awaited successor to the award-winning series. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ReadySet Heroes  is a fast-paced multiplayer dungeon crawler that packs a big twist! Choose your character, then launch into a randomly generated dungeon to slay monsters, dodge traps and collect tons of loot. Now here's the twist: You're actually competing against an opposing team racing through the same dungeon! Reaching the end of the dungeon triggers a winner-take-all arena brawl! The faster you progress through the dungeon, the more powerful you'll be when it's time to throw down. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromWestminster, COProducerDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
