Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Covid-19 Case Manager - Contact Tracer (Phone-Based) 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Cañada, Alicante provincia 
 Apply Now 
 Regulated/Licensed Case Manager Contact Tracer (Contract) 
 
 100% Remote 
 Day and Evening Shifts Available 
 Full and Part-Time Positions 
 $35 per hour 
 
 Alberta Health Services (AHS) needs your help to curb the spread of COVID-19working from your own home, anywhere in Canada, you can support the courageous efforts of frontline medical workers who are fighting to keep Canadians safe. This role can be based anywhere across the country. 
 Every public workerfrom grocery clerks to nursesis essential. But given the current climate, skilled medical professionals are more important than ever in helping people keep themselves and each other safe. Case Managers working for AHS will be leading that effort by providing assessment and advice to people at risk of spreading the virus. 
 Position Summary: 
In this position, you will help identify and manage contact tracing by conducting interviews of patients with confirmed or probable exposure to COVID-19. This phone-based, work-from-home role requires experience with healthcare, social work, or counselling patients as its critical to be empathic and sensitive to people affected by these difficult circumstances. 
 Were interested in recruiting from a diverse range of medical and clinical specializations, including: 
 Pharmacists 
 Psychologists 
 Social workers 
 Dieticians 
 Midwives 
 Audiologists 
 Language Specialists 
 Dental Hygienists 
 Podiatrists 
 Occupational Therapists 
 Physiotherapists 
 Respiratory Therapists 
 Regardless of your background, your core skills in communicating with patients, assessing their condition, and advising next steps will be indispensable to the efforts of public health. 
 Unlike many health professionals, your impact on COVID-19 will be direct: at the other end of every phone call will be a person who is better prepared to protect themselves and others. Candidates who are detail-oriented, articulate, and motivated to make a difference will excel in this role. 
 Essential Functions: 
Assess COVID-19 signs and symptoms, as well as underlying health conditions. 
Discuss symptom onset to determine the window period for contact exposure risk. 
Inquire about previous activities to identify who may have been exposed. 
Elicit information on close contacts, and assess support needs to maintain health and compliance during self-isolation. 
Facilitate testing and referral to healthcare services and resource care coordination. 
Provide recommendations for self-isolation and review of daily monitoring procedures. 
Educate and provide COVID-19 specific information. 
Record data in provincial case and contact management IT system. 
 Required Qualifications: 
Professional license in a medical or paramedical field 
Ability to fluently speak, read and write in English. 
Able to receive a clear criminal background check. 
Have a dedicated space with reliable internet for making confidential phone calls. 
Knowledge of communicable diseases, infection prevention and control practices. 
Proficiency with use of computers and ideally Microsoft Office 365. 
Demonstrated emotional intelligence, empathy and communication skills. 
Strong problem-solving, collaboration, critical thinking, and decision-making skills. 
Some knowledge of HIPPA regulations and ability to maintain confidentiality. 
Undergraduate degree. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in healthcare or social work, preferably in interviewing/counselling patients. 
Demonstrated individual, group, community, and population assessment skills. 
Experience completing health assessments. 
Additional language skills. 
 The Details: 
This is a temporary, remote, contract position. We are currently hiring for two standard shifts: 8AM to 4:15PM and 12:45PM to 9:00PM (MST). Rate of pay will be $35 per hour, and you will require a personal laptop or desktop computer. 
 We value diversity and inclusion and encourage all qualified people to apply. Please note that due to the high volume of applications for this role, only candidates that match the qualifications will be contacted to move forward with an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
