Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Assistant 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - S109743264 
Posting Date - Nov 25, 2020 
Closing Date - Dec 02, 2020 
 Position Type - Full Time - Grant Funded 
Salary Range - $42,830 to $57,364 per year 
Grade - 06 
Hours - 35 
 This competition is open to all applicants, however internal candidates and applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months will be given priority consideration before external candidates. 
 This position has an end date of one year from the date of hire and offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at: Faculty & Staff Benefits. 
 The Community-University Partnership for the Study of Children, Youth, Families and Communities – (CUP) is a unique collaboration among the University of Alberta, community agencies, and organizations in and around Edmonton and across Alberta. We are committed to improving the development of children, youth, families and communities by creating or mobilizing evidence-informed knowledge that impacts programs, practices, and policies. CUP has a 20 year history of collaborative community-based research experience. CUP is led by a steering committee comprised of 30 leaders from municipal and provincial government, not-for-profit agencies, school boards, and foundations. 
 EndPovertyEdmonton (EPE) is a community initiative working towards prosperity for all through advancing reconciliation, the elimination of racism, livable incomes, affordable housing, accessible and affordable transit, affordable and quality child care, and access to mental health services and addiction supports. EPE aims to change the conversation on poverty and ensure every Edmontonian has the opportunity to thrive. The EPE Research Coordinator is housed at CUP and is responsible for provision of research and knowledge mobilization capacity, expertise, support and brokering abilities to the EPE Secretariat and the broader EPE network. The Coordinator works closely with the Poverty Research Team at CUP and its associated networks, and EPE’s partners (community agencies, funders, government partners). 
 EPE in partnership with CUP is conducting research for the “Livable Incomes” game changer, with specific focus on “inclusive economy” and economic reconciliation lenses to support EPE’s poverty elimination efforts in Edmonton. The research partnership aims to both synthesize existing knowledge and create new knowledge. It also aims to build additional research and knowledge mobilization capacity on two additional game changers, namely the elimination of racism and the creation of affordable housing, to support EPE’s advocacy efforts. 
 Under the supervision of the EPE Research Coordinator and guidance of the CUP Poverty Research Team, the Research Assistant will support primary and secondary research efforts with a strong knowledge mobilization focus aimed to support EPE’s advocacy efforts toward elimination of poverty in Edmonton. These efforts may draw on a range of methodological approaches, including quantitative, mixed methods, and qualitative based on project objectives. 
 Duties 
 Conducts literature reviews and environmental scans on poverty elimination with a focus on strategies that aid in creating a livable economy and an inclusive society in Edmonton and one where everyone has access to safe and affordable housing; reviews and scans may also include other aspects of economic and social dimensions of poverty. 
In collaboration with the project team, support the development and implementation of data collection instruments (both qualitative and quantitative for primary research). 
Prepares, edits, and formats ethics reviews. Submits and maintains ethics approvals as required 
Assists with research design, data collection, data entry and cleaning, and / or analysis. 
Transcribes interviews, focus groups and meeting notes. 
Prepares a variety of written documents, such as briefing notes, research and summary reports, power point presentations, white paper, policy paper, utilizing diverse research methodologies and analysis techniques to support knowledge mobilization for the EPE Research Team and its internal and external partners. 
Monitors broad socio-economic trends and policy changes relevant to EPE’s mission of poverty elimination, especially those broadly linked to the “livable incomes”, “eliminating racism”, and “affordable housing” game changers, and translates technical and/or analytical insights into recommendations for community organizations. Provides support to EPE research team at CUP as needed on current projects and in the identification and development of new projects to support EPE’s vision to ensure all Edmontonians have a livable income, can thrive in a society free from racism, and have access to safe and affordable housing. 
As assigned, maintains appropriate tracking (databases and records) for projects, research, and initiatives. Actively contribute to and support the work of the EPE Research Coordinator and the Poverty Research Team at CUP to ensure achievement of the project milestones. 
Schedules, organizes and attends research meetings as assigned. This may include preparing presentations, ensuring copies of printed material, or maintaining meeting minutes. 
Maintains and protects confidential research data, adhering to ethical conduct and privacy requirements at all times. 
Maintains well documented working papers and notes on assigned tasks. 
Edits manuscripts or other written works created by collaborators 
Performs other related duties as assigned. 
Supports and maintains good working relationships with project personnel, internal and external partners, and others as identified. Where appropriate, identify external (to CUP and EPE) contacts and maintains contact database. 
Assists with communications to internal and external stakeholders; liaises with contacts relevant to projects as directed. 
Assists with the preparation of knowledge translation dissemination products as directed including research posters, PowerPoint presentations, abstracts and research reports. 
Participates and reports at research team meetings. 
Researches application guidelines and processes for grants, awards and other funding sources. Assist with the submission of quality grant proposals. 
 Qualifications 
 An undergraduate degree and significant experience in a discipline related to poverty and inequality (e.g. Sociology Education, Anthropology, Human Ecology, Nursing, Psychology, Public Health, Community Development/Planning). Master’s degree preferred. 
Profound understanding of the concept of “multidimensional poverty” including the economic, social and cultural dimensions of it as demonstrated through significant prior work experience, course work, and/or research training. 
Knowledge of qualitative, mixed method and quantitative research. Skills in appropriate use and interpretation of statistical techniques (descriptive and multivariate) will be an asset. 
Prior experience using variety of knowledge mobilization strategies to engage formal and informal stakeholders (with government officials, business and community leaders) to advance systemic and policy change on complex issues. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office and one or more statistical software (SPSS, SAS) 
Understanding of settler colonialism, reconciliation, anti-racism and multiculturalism. Demonstrated experience of working with ethnocultural and/or Indigenous communities will be an asset. 
Demonstrated active and reflexive thinking including an appreciation for complexity and diversity with an understanding of differences and similarities among cultural groups 
Experience in collaborative, interdisciplinary or intersectoral research and policy project work; the ability to communicate with individuals from a variety of organizations and backgrounds 
Excellent written and verbal communications skills, including demonstrated experience preparing research outputs for various audiences. Good working knowledge of academic citation guidelines (e.g. Chicago Style, APA etc.). 
Exceptional organizational and time management skills. The incumbent must be able to prioritize and manage the diverse workload to meet the high demands of the job, be highly organized, and have the ability to work within tight deadlines in a challenging environment. 
Additional assets include an ability to communicate with individuals from a variety of organizations and backgrounds, research design skills, excellent writing, analytical skills, and flexibility to meet the needs of the Unit. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
