  
 
 
  Products and Services  
 
  Resume Writing Services   
  Cover Letter Writing Services   
  LinkedIn Optimization Services   
  Resume & CV Design Services   
 
 
 
  How It Works  
 
 
  Pricing  
 
 
  Sign Up / Free Consultation  
 
 
 StandOut Insights 
 Looking for tips and best practices to stand out in the job market? StandOut Resumes compiled all the tools you need to be successful in today’s competitive job market including resume writing tips, best practices to build your virtual networking, preparation for an interview and more! Need an extra hand? Get some advice from our professional resume writers by  contacting us today . ​ 
 How to Clean Up Your Online Appearance Before a Job Search 
 7/13/2020 
  0 Comments  
 By Tammy S. Robbins, StandOut Resumes 
 According to a  CareerBuilder survey , 70% of employers use social networking sites to research job candidates, and 57% found content that caused them not to hire candidates. Also, a  study by the Society for Human Resource Management  (SHRM) found that 36% of companies have decided not to give people jobs because of what they discovered through online searches and social media. 
​ 
Your social media accounts are an extension of who you are. Therefore, the content you post on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and other platforms could have serious repercussions on your professional life. Here are some important steps to take to clean up your online presence before conducting a job search: 
 
 Make a List of Your Accounts.  The first step is to make a list of all your accounts. This includes accounts such as Facebooks, Tumblr, Pinterest, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Reddit.  If you have accounts that you do not use regularly, delete them to reduce the risks of identity theft and hacks. 
 Google yourself.  Google is where most recruiters and hiring officers start if they want to find out what you're about.  Go through the search results and see if there's anything you'd prefer an employer not find. This will give you a good idea of what needs to be changed and removed. 
 Update your profile pictures.  Update your profile pictures with a current, professional-looking image. Use the same one on all your social media accounts to cultivate personal brand recognition. Research shows that a proper profile photo presents you as competent, influential, and appealing to hiring managers. 
 Make personal accounts "Private." 
 
 
 Facebook--Navigate to the top right-hand corner of your profile and click the question mark symbol. Then, go to "Privacy Check-Up." This will allow you to indicate who you want to be able to see your future posts, manage any connected apps (and delete any that aren't necessary), and decide who can see what's on your personal profile. 
 Instagram--Go to "Edit Your Profile," and choose "Posts Are Private" to hide your profile from peering eyes. Also, make sure to look through your tagged photos. If you are tagged in some not-so-pleasant photos by users who aren't private, you risk an employer finding them. Luckily, you can remove yourself from the post by clicking the three dots in the top right corner of the post, selecting "Post Options," and choosing between "Remove Me from Post" or "Hide from My Profile." 
 Twitter--Go to "Settings" and then "Security and Privacy," and click "Protect My Tweets." Your tweets will only go to followers now, and anyone wishing to follow you must get permission. Also, disabling the discoverability option will prevent anyone that has your email address or phone number from searching and finding your Twitter account. 
 
 ​ 
No matter how strong your resume is, if an employer finds your online presence inappropriate or offensive, you could be jeopardizing your chances of getting an interview. 
 Remember: What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. But what happens on the internet can live FOREVER. 
 
  0 Comments  
 Leave a Reply. 
 | 
 Archives 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 Categories 
 All 
  RSS Feed  
 ---|--- 
 Land your next job more quickly with our free monthly newsletter 
   
 | 
 MAILING ADDRESS 
​ ​StandOut Resumes LLC 
​1500 John F Kennedy Blvd 
Suite C31 #59092 
Philadelphia, PA 19102-9997 
 | 
 NAVIGATION 
 ​​​About 
 ​​​Pricing 
 ​​​How It Works 
 ​​​Sign Up / Free Consultation 
 ​​​Resume Samples 
 ​​​​Service Agreement 
 ​​​Products & Services 
 ​​​Blog 
 | 
 CONTACT 
 __    (877) 660-1008 
__[   Email Us 
__[   Web Form 
__    Live Chat 
 ---|---|---|--- 
Standout Resumes is proud to provide professional resume writing services, cover letter writing services, LinkedIn optimization services, CV writing services, and more. Our Philadelphia-based company has resume writers who serve clients across the US of nearly all backgrounds and industries. (C) 2020 StandOut Resumes LLC / All rights reserved. /  Privacy  /  Sitemap  |   
---|--- 
 
  Products and Services  
 
  Resume Writing Services   
  Cover Letter Writing Services   
  LinkedIn Optimization Services   
  Resume & CV Design Services   
 
 
  How It Works  
  Pricing  
  Sign Up / Free Consultation  
 
 [2:05 PM] Sophie Auffret 
