UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 February 27, 2014 
 Job Vacancies Approach 800,000 But North-South Divide Remains 
 The number of advertised job vacancies grew by 3.1% between December 2013 and January 2014, with the total number of available jobs across the UK now at 768,104 and expected to exceed 800,000 by the end of February 2014, according to research by Adzuna.co.uk seen by the  Welfare News Service  (WNS). 
 The headline figure represent a 14% increase on this time 12 months ago and research suggests that the apparent rise in advertised job vacancies is at least partly due to a strengthening manufacturing sector, which now employs around 2.5 million people across the country. 
 
 Although the the apparent rise in advertised job vacancies in  my  Jobcentre appears to be because there are so many self-employed, commission-based non-jobs. 
 
 In particular, significant growth in the UK’s car industry accounted for 10,012 advertised vacancies in January 2014 – triple the number advertised in January 2013 and experts predict that UK car production will reach record levels by 2017, creating even more jobs. The UK’s largest car manufacturer, Nissan, has started production on a new factory in Sunderland, providing jobs for more than 7,000 people. 
 
 For  some  people. It's generally understood locally that you have no chance at all of getting a job at Nissan if you're aged over 30. 
 
 And we'd better hope that Nissan don't decide they can make more profits elsewhere in the world and up sticks, thereby creating a domino effect amongst their suppliers. 
 I never feel putting all your eggs in one basket is a good idea, but it keeps happening. A few years ago, call centres were the way ahead for the region - until they decided to relocate overseas. 
 Andrew Hunter, co-founder of Adzuna, said: 
 “Manufacturing will play a key role in the rejuvenation of the British economy. It will help to increase the productivity of the country’s labour force, and help us catch up with our overseas competitors. The Bank of England has cited that greater economic productivity is needed to validate wage expectations, and manufacturing is one of the key vehicles to drive this forward.” 
 He added:  “While the booming car industry is fuelling vacancy growth around the UK, the real future of the UK’s manufacturing industry lies in new technology. Manufacturing techniques such as 3D printing could remove the need for many elements in supply chains, bringing large parts of production back to the UK and increase demand for skilled labour in the industry.” 
 Despite an increase in the number of available jobs in the UK, the North-South divide remains. Nine of the top ten cities to find a job in January were concentrated in the South, while seven of the worst ten cities to find a job were in the North. 
 Cambridge is the easiest place to find work, according to Adzuna’s research, where jobs outnumber jobseeker’s four to one. This is in stark comparison to the Wirral where an average 27.28 people are applying for each job vacancy in the city. 
 Andrew Hunter said: 
 “It’s vital that government initiatives attempt to bridge the gaping North-South split in the jobs market. Encouraging manufacturing will have a positive effect on the whole economy, but it could further separate North from South. The North is home to British car manufacturing, and a collection of Jaguar Land Rover production plants are based in the Midlands. But our high-tech manufacturing plants are clustered in the South, with Cambridge and Guildford two key epicenters. It is this type of highly skilled manufacturing which we are re-shoring back to Britain. Once again, it will be the South that benefits the most.” 
 
 So, no change there then. 
 
 Unemployed people looking for work will welcome news that the jobs market appears to be improving. However, the news for salary levels isn’t as positive. 
 
 More advertised jobs  does not  necesserily mean more good jobs. It might - from my personal experience as someone looking for work - just mean more non-jobs, part-time work and zero-hour contracts. Remove all those and what do your figures show then ? 
 
 I certainly haven't noticed many jobs advertised in the car industry locally 
 The average advertised salary fell by 1% to a 17-month low in January 2014 and now stands at £32,011 per annum, according to Adzuna. 
 Figures show that wages have fallen 4.6% since January 2013, which in monetary terms equates to a drop of £2,181 in advertised salaries, Adzuna say. 
 Click to download the research by Adzuna . 
 Source - Welfare News Service, 27 Feb 2014 
 http://welfarenewsservice.com/job-vacancies-approach-800000-north-south-divide-remains-wages-falling/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Written by  untynewear  Posted in  All In It Together  Tagged with  3D printing ,  advertised job vacancies ,  Adzuna.co.uk ,  All In It Together ,  Andrew Hunter ,  available jobs ,  Bank of England ,  benefit ,  benefit sanctions ,  benefits ,  Cambridge ,  capitialism ,  car industry ,  coalition Government. ,  Conservative ,  County Durham ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  dole ,  domino effect ,  Durham ,  Durham City ,  DWP ,  Easington ,  economic productivity ,  employed ,  employment ,  epicenter ,  foodbanks ,  forced work ,  Gateshead ,  government ,  Hebburn ,  Hetton-le-Hole ,  highly skilled manufacturing ,  Houghton-le-Spring ,  Jaguar Land Rover ,  Jarrow ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  job seeker ,  job vacancies ,  Jobcentre ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  jobs ,  Jobseekers Allowance ,  JSA ,  Labour ,  Lib Dems ,  Liberal Democrats ,  Low Pay ,  manufacturing ,  manufacturing industry ,  National Minimum Wage ,  neo-liberal ,  neoliberal ,  neoliberalism ,  New Labour ,  new technology ,  Newcastle ,  Newcastle upon Tyne ,  Nissan ,  North East ,  North Tyneside ,  North-South divide ,  Northumberland ,  parliament ,  Peterlee ,  politicians ,  politics ,  putting all your eggs in one basket ,  sanction ,  sanctions ,  Seaham ,  slavery ,  Social Security ,  South Shields ,  South Tyneside ,  Sunderland ,  tax credits ,  the Wirral ,  Tory ,  Tyne ,  Tyne & Wear ,  Tyneside ,  UK ,  UK car production ,  unemployed ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed tyne&wear ,  unemployedintyne&wear ,  unemployment ,  unemployment benefits ,  wage expectations ,  Wallsend ,  Washington ,  Wear ,  Wearside ,  Welfare News Service ,  welfare-to-work ,  Whitley Bay ,  work ,  work for benefits ,  Work Programme ,  workfare ,  worklessness ,  worst ten cities to find a job ,  WP 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 ‘Bones of Richard III would be declared fit for work’ 
 Coalition to impose sanctions on housing benefit 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
