Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 (CAN) Optician, Dual Licensed 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Develop the optical business through executing programs as well as promoting the Walmart brand. 
 Build collaborative relationships with Optometrists and other healthcare providers in Walmart and within the community. 
 Troubleshoots and problem solves issues to ensure excellent customer experience. 
 Must be familiar with regulatory environment in their region and practice within it. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older License - Optician License - glasses and contact lenses 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Position Summary... 
This associate reporting to the Vision Centre Manager provides the Store with expertise on the ordering and dispensing of quality eyewear while maximizing sales and profit, maintaining exemplary customer service by adhering to the 3 Basic Beliefs and values of Walmart 
 What you'll do... 
 Develop the optical business through executing programs as well as promoting the Walmart brand. 
 Build collaborative relationships with Optometrists and other healthcare providers in Walmart and within the community. 
 Troubleshoots and problem solves issues to ensure excellent customer experience. 
 Must be familiar with regulatory environment in their region and practice within it. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older License - Optician License - glasses and contact lenses 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
