Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Crew Member 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 First and foremost, a team and a second family! Working together to run one of the world's most well known restaurant chains. A fun, fast paced environment to grow and shine in. 
 Job Description 
 The opportunity to grow. Professionally, personally and financially. How about the chance to be part of a company that’s primarily run by independent business owners and that’s active in your community. That’s helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids through Ronald McDonald House. If that sounds good to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOUR VIBE 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected under pressure. You understand there is no “I” in team and thrive in social situations. You get that service isn’t a transaction. It’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. 
 YOUR JOB 
 Making people’s day on all fronts:  Greeting people, taking orders and satisfying McCravings. 
Preparing food and keeping our world famous burgers and fries, world famous. 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile. 
Package take-out food. But no sneaking fries…we know they’re everybody’s favourite! 
 Qualifications 
 To qualify, the applicant must be available 5am to midnight Monday to Sunday. 
 The applicant must be able to receive up to 40 hours per week. 
 Previous experience working in the food industry is an asset. 
 Previous drive-thru experience is an asset. 
 Additional Information 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
