  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  £400 - £600 per day + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Head of Property Disposal 
 A Local Authority based in Nottingham-shire is looking for a Head of Property Disposal to join their property team. 
 This is a Full time, temporary position and the ideal candidate will be a Chartered Surveyor with extensive experience in a similar role and experience managing others. 
 The purpose of the role is to lead the Council asset rationalisation process in line with corporate objectives. 
 The Head of Disposals will provide a significant contribution to the fulfilment of corporate objectives through Change Leadership and Management. 
 The role of Head of Property Disposal has two discrete elements; a generic corporate element, and an element that involves full management responsibility for a group of services with a focus on delivering results, managing performance and demonstrating accountability. 
 The main responsibilities of the role include: 
Leading the development and implementation of an Asset Rationalisation strategy for the Council. 
 To undertake a performance reviews of both commercial and operational properties with a view to identifying opportunities to maximise capital receipts, while minimising impact upon revenue budgets. 
 To bring forward proposals to the Asset Rationalisation Board, to increase and/or accelerate the AR programme. 
To oversee the disposal process, ensuring that the method of disposal ensures the best possible return and that the overall process operates as quickly and effectively as possible. 
 Experience/Qualifications Required: 
 The post holder will be a Chartered Surveyor. 
Experience of developing and utilising data and financial modelling techniques for business planning and evaluation. 
Understanding of commercial decision making criteria. 
Experience of procurement and developing significant packages or projects for tender. 
Experience of successfully managing a range of complex projects. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with this role and as such are offering a negotiable rate. 
 So if this position sounds of interest, email a copy of your up to date CV to james.glover@servicecare.org.uk or call James at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £400 - £600 per day + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-03 17:03:36 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Case Progression and Assurance Manager 
 Service Administrator  
 Support Worker  
 CAMHS Mental Health Practitioner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
