Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Photo Lab / Casual 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Not just a job… 
 a community 
 a partnership 
 a team 
 You’ll experience them all at London Drugs. As one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most successful retail chains, we know what it takes to build a satisfying career. We are seeking innovative, customer focused people to join our team! We currently have opportunities for: 
 Photo Lab (Casual) 
 The Casual Photo Lab Specialist is responsible for assisting in production of all Photofinishing while meeting quality and service standards, and maintaining a professional attitude, and work environment. 
 You would assist with: 
Printing, processing, and sorting film of all sizes and types. 
Maintaining equipment under the direction of the Photo Lab Manager. 
Mixing chemicals and general housekeeping. 
Scanning film using a PC for digital delivery of images. 
If you have experience in Photofinishing, the ability to work with a sense of urgency, combined with excellent communication skills, then we have the opportunity for you to excel! 
 Applicants must be able to work a flexible schedule, Monday through Sunday. 
 This is a casual position for the holiday shopping season. Shifts will run for the months of October to December, with employment ending at the end of December. Select candidates may be offered permanent part time positions following the completion of the holiday season. 
 If you possess the necessary skills and expertise and would like to join an exciting team of professionals, 
 Apply Now! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Be advised, London Drugs DOES NOT use third party recruitment services. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
