
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Can't Stop Looking at the Clock? Maybe It's Time for a New Job.   
 Job Search 
 
 Sometimes your job won't be everything you want and it's challenging to even pull yourself out of bed in the morning. Occasionally these seasons seem never-ending and you find yourself checking the clock constantly hoping your time on the job flies so you can leave. If this is where you are currently, ask yourself these questions to determine if it will pass or if it's  time for a new job . 
 
 Am I supported in my workplace? 
 It's important to determine exactly what is leaving you in a bad mood; mainly deciding if it's you or your environment. Think about your relationships with your co-workers and supervisors. Do you feel they have your back and are willing to support you? Or is it more of a cutthroat environment where everyone is just thinking about themselves? 
 Am I growing and do I have room to grow? 
 The longer you do the same thing day after day, the easier it is to grow restless. Look back on the last few months to see if you had the opportunities to learn new skills or advance in your position. Consider your future with the company and if there's room for you to get promoted. Decide if the opportunities exist and you aren't taking or pursuing them, or if there's nowhere for you to go. 
 Am I overwhelmed or even burnt out? 
 One of the main reasons people become dissatisfied at work is due to burn out. The workloads continue to increase with no sign of letting up and eventually it tips you over the breaking point. Consider if you're here and if there's anything to be done so you can enjoy your work again. In some cases, there may not be an option for a reprieve in your current position. 
 Am I being paid enough? 
 It's not always about the money but being fairly compensated is always a factor. Based on your performance, growth and industry standards, determine if you're making enough money. Factor in your workload and anything extra you do to help the team. More money won't solve your problems, but a raise can allow your company to express their gratitude for all the work you do. 
 An employment agency with you in mind 
 If your answers showed it's time for a new job, consider working with a staffing agency that's changing expectations. Put your clerical skills or experience in light industrial, manufacturing or warehouse operations to good use when you find your perfect career with Workbox Staffing.  Jumpstart your job search  with us today! 
 
 May 30, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Do I Need A New Job ,  I Need A New Job ,  Job Search Tip ,  Should I Apply For A New Job ,  When Not To Apply For A Job ,  When Should I Apply For A Job ,  Where To Start My Job Search 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Cant-Stop-Looking-at-the-Clock-Maybe-Its-Time-for-a-New-Job.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-05-30 11:00:032019-05-21 13:23:00Can't Stop Looking at the Clock? Maybe It's Time for a New Job. 
 You might also like 
   How to Maneuver Job Searching When You Still Have a Job   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  Are You Documenting Everything as a Manager? Maybe You Should Be   SOS - I Need Help Multitasking!  
 Scroll to top 
