
 Login 
 
 Job Search 
 Job Seekers
 
 Job Seeker Info 
 Register 
 Employers 
 
 
 Employers
 
 Employer Info 
 Register 
 
 
 Blog 
 Login 
 
 Pfizer Jobs 
 View all jobs for the selected employer. 
 Data Manager (Associate) 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/15/2021 
 This is a site based role - need to be on-site at one of the listed locations at least 3 days per week.ROLE SUMMARYAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBD... 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellow–Immunotherapeutic Design 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/14/2021 
 ROLE SUMMARYThe Immunotherapeutic Design group in La Jolla, CA, generates large molecule immunotherapeutics that promote anti-tumor activity. Together with the Structural Biology Protein Sciences group that focuses on the structure elucidation of ... 
 
 Pharmaceutical Sciences Team Leader, Associate Research Fellow 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/14/2021 
 Why Patients Need You Pfizer’s purpose is to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Research and Development is at the heart of fulfilling Pfizer’s purpose as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies an... 
 
 Director, Biostatistics 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/13/2021 
 ROLE SUMMARYPlan, direct and coordinate a variety of specialized and complex global development projectsDesign, analyze, and interpret clinical trials and/or observational studies in compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, Pfizer standar... 
 
 Scientist, Tumor Evolution (Non-PhD) 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/13/2021 
 Cancer progression is a manifestation of genetically induced changes in the dynamic interaction of many cellular components. To guide oncology discovery campaigns at Pfizer, the newly formed Tumor Evolution (TE) group located in La Jolla will deve... 
 
 Senior Scientist, Oncogene Networks 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/13/2021 
 ROLE SUMMARYmRNA translational control and protein synthesis play a crucial role in cancer development and progression. We are seeking an experienced molecular and cell biologist at the senior scientist level to contribute to the success of the On... 
 
 Global Investigator Payments Team Lead, Clinical Trials 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/13/2021 
 The Global Investigator Payments Team Lead in Pfizer’s Global Product Development (GPD) division will be responsible for ensuring all sites participating in Pfizer clinical trials are paid in a timely and accurate manner to enable operations and e... 
 
 Sr. Computational Biologist, Tumor Cell Biology 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Role SummaryWe are looking for a talented and highly motivated computational biologist to join a team supporting discovery and development of new therapies targeting tumor intrinsic mechanisms with a focus on Cell Cycle and Epigenetics. The scient... 
 
 Sr. Principal Scientist/Principal Scientist, Structure Based Protein Analysis 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Role summaryWe are seeking a protein structure modeling expert to design industry-leading biotherapeutics as part of Pfizer's BioMedicine Design team. The successful candidate will join project teams to optimize protein-based therapeutic leads in ... 
 
 Scientist, Integrated Biotechnologies 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/08/2021 
 Exciting opportunity to join an innovative group at the chemical biology nexus in Oncology drug discovery. Integrative Biotechnologies (IBT) is a collaborative group that applies expertise in cell engineering, proteomics and functional genomics ac... 
 
 Associate Scientist, Operations, Comparative Medicine 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/08/2021 
 Why Patients Need YouPfizer’s purpose is to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Research and Development is at the heart of fulfilling Pfizer’s purpose as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies and... 
 
 Digital, Manager, Machine Learning Engineer 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/08/2021 
 Role SummaryThe Pfizer Automation, Machine Learning and Intelligent Assistance Team, deliver and maintain theplatforms and capabilities that enable Pfizer Business Units to connect digitally with our externalcustomers, provide intelligent automati... 
 
 Director, Tumor Biology 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/07/2021 
 The Oncology Research and Development (ORD) division is seeking a Director of Tumor Biology, to join a high caliber, productive team to discover breakthrough medicines for cancer patients. Specifically, this Director will lead research to explore ... 
 
 Clinical Technical Diligence Lead 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/06/2021 
 A Clinical Technical Diligence Lead is a member of the Oncology TASOT (Therapeutic Area Scientific Outreach Team), a global team composed of representatives from multiple functional lines who are responsible for evaluating the value of adding a cl... 
 
 Scientist, Comparative Medicine 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/05/2021 
 ROLE SUMMARYGlobal Science and Technology (GST) – Comparative Medicine is seeking for a motivated and innovation driven candidate (as a Scientist). The candidate will report to the site lead of GST and work with a talented team in developing and e... 
 
 Administrative Lead, ORD Portfolio and Scientific Operations 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/04/2021 
 Why Patients Need YouA career with us is about discovering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. A high performing administrative team is essential to bringing those therapies to people all over the world and making a positive difference. We ... 
 
 Manager, Clinical Pharmacology 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 1/01/2021 
 ROLE SUMMARYThe candidate will be working in a team of scientists reporting to a group lead in San Francisco supporting a late stage immuno-oncology program. The candidate will be a part of the Pfizer Oncology Clin Pharm team with approximately 35... 
 
 Associate Scientist, Research and Veterinary Support 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 12/23/2020 
 Why Patients Need YouPfizer’s purpose is to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Research and Development is at the heart of fulfilling Pfizer’s purpose as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies and... 
 
 Associate Director, Clinical Data Standards Strategist, Standards and Data Conformity 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 12/22/2020 
 Why Patients Need YouPfizer Worldwide Medical and Safety colleagues play a key role in connecting evidenced based, medical decision support with colleagues and stakeholders to enable better health and treatment outcomes. Whether you are creating f... 
 
 Investigator Payments Lead 
 Pfizer - La Jolla, CA - 12/21/2020 
 The Investigator Payments Lead in Pfizer’s Global Product Development division will be responsible for oversight of preferred Contract Research Organizations (CRO) and related technology service providers with respect to payments to investigative ... 
 
 1 2 
 10 Rows 20 Rows 50 Rows 100 Rows 
 Find us on social media: 
     
 (C)2020 Workforce San Diego 
 Search Jobs 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Privacy Information 
 Terms & Conditions 
