
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
 University of Washington 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
 __ University of Washington 
 [](mailto:?subject=SOFTWARE%20ENGINEER&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14306974/software-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 14, 2021 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 | As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. 
 UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for six consecutive years. 
 The Applied Physics Laboratory, University of Washington (APL/UW) is a premier center for research, development and advanced education in science and engineering. APL/UW was formed in 1943 at the request of the U.S. Navy to bring university resources to bear on urgent WWII defense problems. From a wartime beginning focused on effective torpedo exploders, APL/UW initiated acoustic studies and oceanographic research programs to understand how variations in the ocean environment affected the performance of Navy systems. Decades of acoustic and oceanographic studies yielded an understanding of the world's deep oceans. 
 Today our scientists and engineers make important contributions to understanding the earth's climate cycles with satellite and in situ sensing of ocean winds, currents, and air-sea fluxes; observations of Arctic sea ice, its variations and effects on mid-latitude oceans; and ocean tomography that reveals how the abyssal ocean mixes and sequesters carbon. APL-UW continues to lead research in the basic and applied physics of sound—from sonars used to probe the geology of the deep ocean floor to hand-held high-frequency focused ultrasound devices to image and stop internal bleeding without surgery. 
 APL has an outstanding opportunity for a Software Engineer. 
 This position supports research which develops robotic platforms for ocean exploration and science, with a focus on perception, situational awareness, and mission planning. This position supports research projects across multiple agencies which are focused on underwater sensing, sensor fusion, 3D reconstruction and situational awareness. The overall goal of these projects is to develop a robust toolset for building, manipulating, and working within 3D models of the environment around a subsea robot, allowing it to navigate, plan, and interact with the world. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Position will complete discrete tasks and will be responsible for defining the scope and steps necessary for successful completion. May take responsibility for portions of a project and solve the research problem through their combined efforts. 
 Software development. Perform all phases of the software development lifecycle, to include design, development, testing/debugging, operation, and documentation. 
 Research. Contribute to the PI’s efforts to identify and lead proposals for new research projects and funding, and may also do so independent of the PI. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field plus three years of experience with the following: 
 - Complex software design, development, and testing 
 - Identifying and leading or significantly contributing to external requests for funding 
 - Excellent and creative/novel problem-solving skills 
 - Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 - Must be capable of working at sea in small to large vessels for extended periods (days to weeks) and willing to perform such duties 
 - Ability to work independently, and as a part of a research team, interacting cooperatively with people from diverse backgrounds, academic levels, and nationalities. 
 - Must be US citizen capable of obtaining and maintaining a DoD security clearance 
 Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration. 
 DESIRED: 
 Master's degree and Prior experience working with: 
 - Robotics, UUVs, AUVs, or ocean gliders 
 - Processing and fusion of vision and sonar data 
 - Generation and manipulation of 3D models and point clouds 
 - Processing of large data sets, cloud computing 
 - Reproducible data analysis 
 - Systems for US Naval applications 
 - Oceanographic and/or acoustic systems or instrumentation 
 - Python, C++, and Go programming languages; Linux operating system 
 CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: 
 May be subject to successful completion of E-Verify process. 
 Application Process: 
The application process for UW positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process. These assessments may include Work Authorization, Cover Letter and/or others. Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “My Jobs” page. If you select to take it later, it will appear on your "My Jobs" page to take when you are ready.  Please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed. 
 ---|--- 
 
 Internal Number: 186345 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of Washington 
 Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest public institutions in the west coast and one of the preeminent research universities in the world. The University of Washington is a multi-campus university comprised of three different campuses: Seattle, Tacoma, and Bothell. The Seattle campus is made up of sixteen schools and colleges that serve students ranging from an undergraduate level to a doctoral level. The university is home to world-class libraries, arts, music, drama, and sports, as well as the highest quality medical care in Washington State and a world-class academic medical center. The teaching and research of the University’s many professional schools provide undergraduate and graduate students the education necessary toward achieving an excellence that will serve the state, the region, and the nation. As part of a large and diverse community, the University of Washington serves more students than any other institution in the Northwest. 
 Connections working at  University of Washington 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
