Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Part-time Merchandiser 
 PepsiCo 
 __Vegreville, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Auto req ID:  220806BR 
 Job Description 
 Account Merchandiser - PepsiCo Foods (Seasonal Contract) 
 The Role: 
We are currently seeking Account Merchandisers who are passionate about improving the consumer buying experience through execution of flawless merchandising standards through rotating and re-stocking products into shelves, racks, and displays. PepsiCo merchandisers are detail oriented, customer-focused and self-driven to create enticing marketing displays that drive brand awareness of our current promotions. 
 The Company 
 PepsiCo Canada is recognized as one of Canada’s top 100 employers. PepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. Our product portfolio includes 22 world-famous, billion-dollar brands; from Gatorade to Quaker, Tropicana to Lay’s and more. We make hundreds of enjoyable foods and beverages that are loved throughout the world. 
 At PepsiCo Canada, we are always centered on the consumer, developing exciting brand campaigns and continuously driving product innovations. Our people are our greatest asset! By supporting their ability to work effectively together and providing them with the tools they need to succeed, we are ensuring that PepsiCo Canada is the company you want to work for! 
 What you’ll be working on: 
Merchandise PepsiCo products into store shelving, racks, coolers and displays by transporting product from the store’s stock room to different points of purchase using manual or powered equipment 
Maintain back room stock in neat and orderly condition 
Supporting execution of store promotions by ensuring all shelves are filled and promotional materials are maximized throughout the account 
Follow FIFO procedures and rotate out expired products to ensure freshness of PepsiCo products 
Work collaboratively with the Account Sales Representatives and Delivery teams to provide top quality servicing of all PepsiCo accounts 
 Qualifications/Requirements 
 Who’s a good fit for the team: 
Completion of highschool diploma (or equivalent) required 
Hold a valid Class 5 license and have access to your own vehicle for this role 
Prior merchandising or customer service experience is an asset 
Previous grocery store experience is an asset 
Must be able to repeatedly lift up to 50 lbs unassisted and push or pull up to 200 lbs using a palette jack 
Must enjoy working independently and be self-driven in an autonomous work environment 
Excellent time management skills and be able to organize and prioritize your day 
 What you can expect from us: 
A flexible working environment that promotes a healthy work-life balance 
A dynamic and inclusive culture that promotes you to bring your whole-self to work 
A supportive team that will encourage your professional growth and development 
An opportunity to be meaningful and impactful within your work and projects 
 Job Type:  Seasonal 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
