Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 310T Technician 
 Carrier Centers 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 310T Truck and Coach Technician 
 From our humble start as a truck and equipment sales company, we have expanded into a team of over 300, operating five full service International Dealerships across Southwestern Ontario. Every member of our team from service technicians to administration plays an integral role in the continued success of our company. 
 Carrier Centers’ requires experienced, knowledgeable, motivated and career minded, 310T Technicians for our Brantford, London and Windsor Ontario dealerships. Experienced 310T Apprentices are invited to apply. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in a fast paced environment, while delivering outstanding customer service to both internal and external customers. 
 What 's in it for you? 
 
 Extended Healthcare 
 Vision Care 
 Dental Care 
 Disability Insurance 
 Life Insurance 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Vacation time off 
 Boot allowance 
 Tool Allowance 
 
 What’s a day like as a 310T Technician? 
 
 Identify and Diagnose malfunctions and perform service repairs such as adjust/test steering, electrical, cooling, lubricating, braking systems, drive trains, suspensions, power steering units, clutches, transmissions and oil, temperature, gas regulating components, adjust/test/re-build engines etc. 
 Arranges and obtains appropriate inspections and approval of all major repairs before vehicle is released from maintenance facility. 
 Complete assigned duties within qualification level, in accordance with all relevant guidelines and requirements. 
 When conducting assigned repairs and/or maintenance identifies and reports any additional maintenance and/or repairs that may be required to be performed by a technician with a higher qualification. 
 Records time spent, parts used, and repairs and/or maintenance conducted on appropriate internal forms. 
 Strives to maintain a safe and clean, productive and efficient work area. 
 
 Who is our ideal candidate? 
 
 Valid 310T Truck and Coach Technician License 
 1-3 years working experience on heavy equipment and vehicles. 
 Ability to provide excellent customer service while demonstrating strong interpersonal and communication skills. 
 Will have exceptional organizational skills and the ability to prioritize, multitask and adapt in a fast-paced environment. 
 Is Self-motivated, independent and a team player with a sense of urgency and strong attention to detail. 
 Ability to proactively problem solve and think logically. 
 Experience with computerized diagnostics is required. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $70,000.00-$73,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 310T technician: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 310T Truck and Coach (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
