  
 Post jobs for free with one click to top job boards 
 Post this Sales Coach ad 
 with a free trial of Workable 
 Post a job right now 
 When you submit your job ad below, we’ll post it to multiple free job sites, all at once. 
 Review applications and schedule interviews 
 View all of your candidates on your Workable hiring dashboard and move them through your pipeline quickly. 
 Evaluate and hire candidates 
 Work with your team to determine who’s best, then make an offer. 
 **Powered by Workable  ** 
 Workable is a hiring platform that gets companies from requisition to offer letter, faster. We’ll help you find great candidates, decide who’s best and automate the process along the way. 
 Step 1 - Tell us about your company 
 Who’s hiring? Enter your details below: 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Using a non-company email might delay the verification of your account and publication of your jobs. 
 Company name 
 Company url 
 Company phone 
 This information is required to submit your job to the following job boards: 
 
 Indeed 
 LinkedIn 
 Monster Controlled Listings 
 Google for Jobs 
 Glassdoor 
 Facebook Jobs 
 Trovit 
 Recruitnet 
 JobisJob 
 National Labor Exchange (NLx) 
 Careerjet 
 Jooble 
 Resume Library 
 Livecareer 
 Jobcase 
 ZipRecruiter 
 Workable 
 
 There is no charge to post this job, and you can withdraw the post at any time. 
 Step 2 - Customize your job post 
 Looking for: 
 
 Title 
 
 in 
 
 
 Location 
 
 
 Description 
 
 
 We are looking for a Sales Coach to coordinate training activities that will help maximize our sales team’s performance. Sales Coach responsibilities include mentoring new salespeople, designing individual and team training courses and preparing educational material. To be successful in this role, you should have a good understanding of sales techniques and the ability to motivate employees of varying seniority. Ultimately, you will help our salespeople develop their skills and achieve their quotas.   Responsibilities     Act as a consultant to salespeople and provide helpful advice on coping with job-related challenges   Onboard and train new salespeople   Identify individual and team training needs   Develop educational material, including presentations, sales scripts and case studies   Design training courses using gamification, role-playing activities and job simulation   Gather feedback on all training programs from trainees, managers and instructors   Set annual learning and development objectives for the sales team   Maintain updated records of educational curriculum and material   Evaluate employees’ performance after each training   Monitor costs of training programs   
 
 Requirements 
 
   Work experience as a Sales Coach, Sales Trainer or similar role   Experience in a sales or customer service position is a plus   Familiarity with role-playing activities and e-learning platforms   Hands-on experience creating presentations (e.g. videos or slides)   Excellent communication skills with the ability to motivate people   Problem-solving skills   BSc degree in Education, Human Resources or relevant field   Additional training certification is a plus   
 Yes, I’d like to receive new resources like tutorials, templates and the latest hiring advice, and hear about Workable events. (You can opt out at any time.) 
 View our  privacy policy . 
 What happens next? 
 WE’LL REVIEW YOUR JOB POST 
 After posting your job, our expert support team will review it to make sure it’s optimized for top performance. If we have any recommendations, we’ll email them to you. 
 WE’LL LET YOU KNOW WHEN IT’S APPROVED 
 Typically, it takes 12-24 hours for job boards to approve a posting. No need to keep hitting refresh — we’ll email you as soon as it’s approved! 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 [ ]: Required 
