Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PEY Engineering Analyst Intern 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 PEY Engineering Analyst, Intern 
 About the Role: 
The candidate will be responsible for supporting the discovery, development and delivery of ongoing engineering solutions that continue to improve the competitive advantage of Loblaw Companies Limited through continuous business process improvements. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Support projects or processes, controls and integrate activities used in executing projects. 
Use initiative and critical thinking to deal with concerns/issues/roadblocks within projects/assignments. 
Maintains accountability and is focused on results. 
Develops and manages relationships with internal customers to resolve issues/concerns 
Focuses on opportunities to improve and streamline processes methodologies. 
Apply multiple, moderately complex methodologies to conduct analysis for labour standard and process improvement initiatives. 
Obtain and provide complex, technical information around data collection and standards providing additional clarification to customers or team, as required. 
Perform onsite data collection as needed to support the development and maintenance of Labour Standards. 
Perform in depth data mining from database to root cause issues 
Gaining valuable experience by traveling onsite to various distribution centers and stores as needed 
Support reporting activities as needed 
Working closely with different teams within/outside the department and building connection 
 What You 'll Need: 
Enrolled in Industrial Engineering program, Management of Engineering Program or related discipline. 
Experience in Distribution centre operation not required but would be an asset 
Exceptional PC Windows’ skills, including Microsoft Word, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel spreadsheets, database and graphics, with the ability to manipulate data, construct graphical reports, flowcharts and statistics etc. 
Experience with Visual Basic and/or SQL would be an asset 
Ability to think through a problem and determine the appropriate solution based upon Supply Chain principles, logic and common sense 
Ability to work in a fast paced environment 
Be able to handle multiple tasks at the same time and be able to re-prioritize effectively 
Must be able to work independently as well as in a team environment 
Must be willing and able to travel within Canada as required (60-90%) 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary with Benefits (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Co-op 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
