Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Data Entry Associate 
 Everest Clinical Research 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Everest Clinical Research ("Everest") is a full-service contract research organization (CRO) providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research services to worldwide pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. We serve some of the best-known companies and work with many of the most advanced drugs, biologics, and medical devices in development today. 
 Everest has been an independent CRO since 2004 with a strong foundation as a statistical and data management center of excellence. Building on this foundation, Everest has successfully developed and established itself as a full-service CRO. Everest’s headquarters are located in Markham (Greater Toronto Area), Ontario, Canada with additional sites in Little Falls (Greater New York City Area), New Jersey, USA, and Shanghai (Pudong Zhangjiang New District), China. 
 Everest is known in the industry for its high quality deliverables, superior customer service, and flexibility in meeting clients’ needs. A dynamic organization with an entrepreneurial origin, Everest continues to experience exceptional growth and great success. 
 Quality is our backbone, customer-focus is our tradition, flexibility is our strength...that’s us…that’s Everest. 
 To drive continued success in this exciting clinical research field, we are seeking committed, skilled, and customer-focused individuals to join our winning team as contract  Clinical Data Entry Associates  for our Toronto/Markham, Ontario, Canada (on-site) location. For successful candidates, there may be opportunities to transition into full time careers in Clinical Data Management or other departments at Everest following the contract. 
 The following are the job accountabilities for the Clinical Data Entry Associate: 
 
 Perform data entry into Electronic Data Capture (EDC) systems by reviewing the relevant data fields and forms in one EDC system, identifying/matching the corresponding data fields and forms in a secondary EDC system, and entering the exact data appearing in the first EDC into the second one. 
 Data entry scope includes clinical patient data (de-identified), source document verification, and query data, as defined by the project. 
 Perform quality checks on a real-time basis as data entry on each form is completed to ensure data entered into the new system is 100% matching data displayed in the originating EDC system. 
 Ensure data entry speed and quality meet the requirements outlined by the Project Leadership team (taking into account a short ramp up time). 
 Additional duties as required and assigned by project or supervisory personnel 
 
 Qualifications and Experience: 
 A Bachelors’ or Masters’ degree in health and/or pharmaceutical sciences, physical/biological, or chemistry fields. Education or experience should demonstrate the ability to work independently and to apply data management concepts, clinical trial data capture and management techniques, and logical and algebraic operations. 
 How to Apply: 
 To find out more about Everest Clinical Research and to review other opportunities, please visit our website at www.ecrscorp.com 
 We thank all interested applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Everest is committed to upholding the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities, and upon request we will provide accommodations for candidates participating in any part of our recruitment and selection process 
 Contract length: 2 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Pay: $20.00-$25.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Data Entry : 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
