
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Senior Accountant- Manager 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is looking for a career minded staff accountant for a rapidly growing company. This position is ideal for a candidate that is looking to be part of a motivated, fun, and professional working environment. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the ability to multi-task, a willingness to learn, and be passionate about contributing to the accounting team. 
The Senior Accounting Manager must demonstrate proven analytical skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as a desire to grow the position within the company. The employee must have proven analytical skills and advanced working knowledge of Excel. 
Strong attention to details and dedication to simplify and streamline processes are a must. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Ensure month end close and financial consolidations are completed in timely, accurate manner 
 Perform regular reviews, reconciliations and analysis of business internal controls 
 Simplify and streamline internal reports and analysis 
 Expert in General Ledger activities, both in cost accounting as well as regular monthly journal entries and financial activities 
 Provides audit assistance during annual and quarterly financial audits 
 Catalyst for improving monthly results interpretation 
 Identify areas for risks and opportunities within department and overall business 
 Prepare and provide ad hoc analysis 
 Strategic thinker that is engrained in business activities, helping drive current and future GAAP compliance 
 
 Skills/Competencies: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance; CPA desired 
 5+ years accounting experience 
 Proven analytical skills 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a customer focus 
 Knowledgeable of GAAP and regulations 
 Advanced working knowledge of Excel, Power BI desired 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Ability to meet deadlines 
 Great Plains ERP experience a plus 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 State-of-the-art training and technology 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Free health screenings 
 Rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A comprehensive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 A robust social program filled with events, and activities, including a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other 
 
 Power is a people-first company that values the uniqueness of every individual within our walls. We are committed to growing the organization by hiring, training, and promoting all people equally, regardless of race, religion, skin color, national origin, sex, disability, age, sexual identity, veteran status and other protected classes. Through equal access to education and mentorship, we aim to bridge the gap between their current potential and their future excellence, creating an environment of shared knowledge and experiences where everyone is afforded the opportunity to succeed and grow based on the merit of their hard work and results. We foster a safe community in which the mixing of mixing of cultures, beliefs, and backgrounds is encouraged and supported because we believe that what makes each of us different makes the whole stronger. Through championing the success of diverse individuals, both within our walls and outside of them, we aim to show the world that diversity is an asset and inclusion is not a liability. That it makes our businesses, our communities, and our nations exponentially stronger. 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
