  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Networking   
  Social Media and Online Presence   
 6 Steps to Finding Your New Job on Twitter 
 
 6 Steps to Finding Your New Job on Twitter 
 by  Yuleni Pulido 
 If you are actively searching for a job, there is no reason why your  job search  should be stagnant. Instead, you should be attending interviews on a weekly basis. The more interviews you attend, the more chances you have of landing your new job. 
 There are many ways to be exposed to new and exciting opportunities. I am not referring to the traditional job aggregator sites. I am talking about social media sites, like Twitter. Whether you are in the executive, mid, or entry level phase of your career, using Twitter the right way might just lead you to your new top-paying job. 
 
 Tip: To receive maximum benefits from reading this article, I suggest applying these strategies as you read them. 
 
 1) Think of a few companies for which you would like to work.  Type “company-name+career” and follow them on Twitter. For instance, would you love to work for Amazon? Type “Amazon+Career” and follow their career page. This will allow you to receive daily updates on their job vacancies through your Twitter feed. Also, you will reduce the time you spend visiting each company’s career website to discover new opportunities. 
 If you are searching for a job as a Human Resources Director in Florida, simply type “Human Resources Director Florida” and a list of jobs will appear, as in the print screens below. 
 2) Select the jobs you like  , as in the image below. 
 3) View the ones you like and create a manual list. 
 4) Gather about 30 positions you would like to pursue. 
 5) Search for the key decision maker in those companies and note their contact information  , including their email addresses. 
 6) Send your target contacts a brief and powerful value proposition letter  along with your new branding  resume  targeting the positions you found. 
 Add Twitter to your job search arsenal. You’ll be a step ahead of the competition and a step closer to landing your best job yet. 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Networking Conversation Starters  
 Twitter Job Search: Tweet Your Way to Your Next Job  
 Networking Tips for Introverts  
 Seven Ways to Prepare for a Successful Networking Event  
 Describing Yourself in 2 Minutes: The Elevator Pitch  
 Networking Is Not a Dirty Word  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Market Yourself? 
 How to Network When You're Unemployed? 
 Why Is LinkedIn Important for Your Job Search? 
 How to Stand Out on LinkedIn? 
 How to Leverage Twitter to Uncover Job Opportunities? 
 How to Ask for and Prepare for an Informational Interview? 
 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
