Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Career Zoo is back! September 10-11th - Mansion House, Recruitment Fair 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 I saw an addd in the Sunday Times last Weekend, and for a split second I thought this add was all about Dublin Zoo recruiting! Yes, they are recruiting too at this fair, but there are plenty of other companies too who will be at this fair! 
 Career Zoo is back! 
 Career Zoo is the only career fair that specifically targets Ireland’s huge pool of highly qualified professionals and graduates. 
 Some of Ireland’s most successful and innovative employers, education providers and enterprise organisations have already attended Career Zoo and met over 7,000 of these sought-after candidates. 
 Career Zoo is the perfect resource for: 
 
 
 
 
 Employers  on the lookout for Ireland’s premier talent. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Education   Providers  **** who want to capitalise on the growing demand for upskilling. 
 
 
 
 
 Enterprise Organisations  who want to tap into the new culture of enterpreneurship. 
 
 
 
 
 Check our their website here  http://www.careerzoo.ie 
 Regards, 
Katleen 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 **** 
 
 
 
 
 Related articles 
 
 New Internship Scheme - check out http://www.jobbridge.ie  (workinglivingtravelinginireland.blogspot.com) 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,366 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
