
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: did the job 
  July 31, 2012  
 The Parole Officer: A Coogan-y Film 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 I must admit I was excited to see Steve Coogan's face on the cover of this movie on my Netflix. 2001 is a bit iffy for comedies for me (I'm a 200 and late… -r), but this one did the job for the most part. Steve Coogan wasn't at top form (a bit of a problem) but I got through it all the same. The first scene was promising, but you can only be so outrageous before nobody watches your movies… 
 The story of The Parole Officer is a pretty straightforward one. Steve Coogan plays Simon Garden, and awkward and sad probation worker (confusing movie title, I 
 
 All too true… 
 know…). He is being transferred to another city (Manchester, I believe) and he's going to be attempting to correct those sorry crooks that litter the streets of England. What he stumbles upon is something a bit more intense. A fellow officer in crime prevention, Inspector Burton (Stephen Dillane), commits a murder that is caught on security camera. Holding the evidence in his possession, Burton the crooked cop is planning on framing Garden if he tattles. Not wanting this being held over his head, Garden employs the help of the only four former criminals he corrected in robbing a bank with the tape inside. Oh, the comedic irony. 
 
 The most awkward place for Coogan? Strip club. 
 It's pretty cut and dry from there. The movie has some of Coogan's own brand of awkward comedy, but not enough to make it a signature film of his. (I'd say Hamlet 2 is more his style.) You get an awkward sense of Alan Partridge, but it comes up short of expectations. The acting is fine and the movie is dated, which always makes it a bit hard for me to watch. But overall, think Johnny English with dry comedy instead of slapstick. You got this film right there. 
 There are a couple of great little parts other than the versus mode of Coogan/Dillane. There's Ben Miller as Colin, one of Garden's former clients. Being Rowan Atkinson's sidekick in Johnny English, it was a nice change to see him delivering comedy more than being the straight actor taking it all in. There's Lena Headey as a watered down version of the strong British actress she will one day become in things like 300 and Game of Thrones. Not the most adequate of cops, it 
 
 Team of crack cons, assemble! 
 always gets weird whenever Coogan lays his puffy lips on a love interest in a movie. And then there's a non-speaking cameo from Simon Pegg in the art gallery scene. I had no idea what to expect there. But worth a laugh. 
 The bank heist is a little above my understanding with some strange technology lingo and complicated means of infiltration, leaving part of the movie as bland. The back and forth between the cons was fine, although overall it lacked a certain star quality for me that would've 
 
 Aha! I'm Simon Garden. 
 sent the jokes home better. It really was an all eyes on Coogan film for me. Throw in some slapstick/situational comedy towards the end (and a break-in scene reminiscent of The Dark Knight) and you have yourself a throwback to the 1950's heist movies. Not a bad roll into one. 
 Not one of my favorites, but not the worst Coogan attached film I've seen. I still feel like one of my only friends who actually recognized/knew Coogan in Tropic Thunder, something that saddens me to this very day. But it's not about notoriety or popularity. There are those of us out there who salute Steve Coogan for his amazing contribution to the world of comedy. He deserves a ranking up there with Ricky Gervais, Matt Lucas/David Walliams, and even Monty Python. Can't get enough of those Brits. For this, I give The Parole Officer a 6.8 out of 10. 
 Leave a comment    |  tags:  1950's heist movies ,  2001 ,  300 ,  Alan Partridge ,  amazing contribution to comedy ,  art gallery scene ,  awkward and sad ,  awkward comedy ,  bakc and forths ,  bank heist ,  bank robbery ,  Ben Miller ,  break-in ,  Brits ,  cameo ,  Colin ,  comedic irony ,  cons ,  crooked cop ,  crooks ,  cut and dry ,  dated movie ,  David Walliams ,  did the job ,  dry comedy ,  England ,  evidence ,  fine acting ,  former criminals ,  framing ,  Game of Thrones ,  great parts to it ,  Hamlet 2 ,  infiltration ,  Inspector Burton ,  Johnny English ,  lacked star quality ,  Lena Headey ,  love interest ,  Manchester ,  Matt Lucas ,  Monty Python ,  murder ,  Netflix ,  not at top form ,  outrageous comedy ,  probation worker ,  Ricky Gervais ,  Rowan Atkinson ,  security camera ,  sidekick ,  Simon Garden ,  Simon Pegg ,  situational comedy ,  slapstick ,  Stephen Dillane ,  Steve Coogan ,  straight actor ,  straightforward story ,  strong British actress ,  tape ,  technology lingo ,  The Dark Knight ,  The Parole Officer ,  throwback ,  Tropic Thunder  | posted in  Movies 
 
  July 24, 2012  
 Vanishing on 7th Street 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 I had a strong desire to see this movie when it came out, but if I saw every movie I wanted to when it came out, I would be poor. Thank you, Netflix. Anways, Vanishing on 7th Street had its ups and downs for me as I was watching it. To classify it as a thriller over a horror movie would be accurate, as it didn't have too many bumps or jumps. 
 
 Something's wrong… is it my acting? 
 There is one scene that may frighten you (I was wearing headphones and sitting too close to my computer), but overall there really only is one. Supernaturally it's interesting, but the plot left something to be desired. 
 Let me explain. When I watch a horror movie, by the end, 9 times out of 10, I want the horror to be delved into or explained. To leave it open ended leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I want the origin story of the evil force at least. Where did these beings come from? Why are they here? Why do they need to frighten and kill? What will they do? 
 
 Little Ani, you did your job. 
 This movie didn't give any of that. In a series of postulations, Vanishing on 7th Street entered in with this ungodly being/s that took away probably 99% of the world's population. Paul (John Leguizamo) is just chilling up in his projection room, minding his own business, with his  head-lamp  on. Everyone in the mall disappears and nobody knows why. Cue Chris Bosh the actor and the scariest moment in the film. We head over to Rosemary (Thandie Newton) and her search for her baby, Manny. Then hit up Luke (Hayden Christensen), the lead actor in this horror shin-dig and you have yourself 3 of the last 4 people remaining in… Detroit? I have no idea… 
 After three days of darkness and people being taken away, you already knew after the first scene that anyone with a 
 
 That rave was a bit too redonk… 
 portable light was going to survive. It was self evident. What you didn't realize is how fast Hayden Christensen would adapt and become a hardened badass about the whole thing. None of them know what the hell is going on, but they will for damn sure survive longer than I've seen anyone in a supernatural thriller. Go get 'em. 
 The acting wasn't bad overall. I usually rag on Hayden Christensen for his ruining Star Wars, but he did his job well in this one. He was the brutal survivor everyone needs on their team in this one, and rightly 
 
 Probably shouldn't crouch by all that gas… 
 so. Thandie Newton was the beautifully tragic character that has to, of course, hold onto her religion in order to survive. (There's always one in every bunch…) And then there's John Leguizamo. He needs to stick to just doing Sid in Ice Age, because his acting wasn't contributing anything in this live action. Jacob Latimore, he was a pretty damn good child actor in this one. Bravo. 
 So without much explanation of delving into the topic, Brad Anderson skirts around the issue that every horror film should explain/explore at the end. Sure everyone in a movie can die, but you have to then have some sort of closing argument for why it all happened. In the 
 
 That plane be tankin'. 
 world of Hollywood, people don't feel comfortable with unexplained evil for evil's sake. There has to be a motive, a reason. If all you can come up with is Roanoke Island, you are sorely mistaken. And Brad Andersen directed The Machinist for Sweet Baby Ray's sake! A hit and a miss, this movie holds the middle of the road for all the promise it held, and not giving away anything in the end. 6.2 out of 10. 
 Leave a comment    |  tags:  adaptation ,  average acting ,  baby ,  beautifully tragic ,  Brad Anderson ,  brutal survivor ,  bumps and jumps ,  child actor ,  Chris Bosh ,  darkness ,  destroyed world's population ,  Detroit ,  did the job ,  evil force ,  hardended badass ,  head lamp ,  held promise ,  hit and miss ,  Hollywood ,  horror movie ,  Ice Age ,  Jacob Latimore ,  John Leguizamo ,  lead actor ,  live action ,  Luke Hyaden Christensen ,  Manny ,  middle of the road ,  motive ,  needs some explanation ,  Netflix ,  not much explanation ,  one frightening scene ,  open ended ,  origin story ,  Paul ,  portables lights ,  projection room ,  random location ,  reason ,  religion ,  Roanoke Island ,  Rosemary ,  Sid ,  skirts the issue ,  something to be desired ,  Star Wars ,  supernatural ,  Thandie Newton ,  The Machinist ,  thriller more than horror ,  unexplained disappearances ,  unexplained evil ,  ungodly being ,  ups and downs ,  Vanishing on 7th Street  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
