Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dentistry - Proctor 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry at Western University is a public, urban medical and dental school to serve the people of Southwestern Ontario. The School's mission is to provide medical and dental pre-and post-doctoral education programs. 
 At Schulich Dentistry, we prepare qualified graduates to provide dental care as well as generate knowledge through clinical research, basic science research and other scholarly activity. We also provide oral health care to the public through our on-site clinics and our community outreach programs, specifically, Dental Outreach Community Service (DOCS) and Oral Health, Total Health. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Proctor will assist instructors with administering exams, including written tests, multiple choice, and tests completed electronically. The incumbent will distribute exams, review student cards to confirm they match the name on the exam and belong to the student presenting the card, and will oversee the students as they complete their exams. Once the exams are completed, the incumbent will collect each one, ensuring that all required forms are collected back from each student as applicable, safeguard the exams and submit them for marking. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 No Degree, Diploma, or Professional Designation required 
 
 Experience: 
 
 1 year of experience providing customer service 
 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Detail-oriented with an ability to function and process information with high levels of accuracy 
 Ability to employ a systematic and efficient approach to work 
 Ability to confront issues or situations in an objective manner 
 Strong verbal communication skills 
 Ability to work in a manner that models best practices in confidentiality standards 
 Ability to apply critical thinking to evaluate information and make appropriate decisions 
 Ability to maintain a positive, outgoing attitude with genuine customer service orientation 
 Computer skills with the ability to learn and use software programs 
 Please note that this is in-person on Campus proctoring. Not virtual. 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
