
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 PlusMinus is looking for a Software Developer | ReactJS in Los Angeles, CA, USA. 
 About 
 PlusMinus  is a small, multidisciplinary group of strategists, designers & developers working to reimagine enterprise-scale software using modern UX practices and web technologies. 
 We are looking for a contract software developer to help us bring our clients into the age of web-based tools. 
 We’re building our product with TypeScript and hooks-based ReactJS, using Storybook to organize our growing library of components. We’ll need you to build UI components to precise visual specifications while keeping our codebase clean, modular, and pleasant to work with. At this stage, you’ll have plenty of say in how we grow our architecture and DevOps from demo to production-scale, so we hope you’ll have some opinions to share. 
 Although we’re headquartered in Los Angeles, we’re a fully remote team, so communication is key. We keep in touch daily via slack, commit messages, and code comments. 
 We’d love to see what you’ve built -- especially open-source projects and data-visualization tools. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/6838-plusminus-software-developer-reactjs  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Back-End Development, CSS, CSS / JS Precompressor, Front-End Development, React.js 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 (Originally posted February 19, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Justin Davidson 
 Perks 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
