
 go to main menu 
 go to content 
 
 Enter a search term __ 
 
 Deutsch 
 English 
 __Leichte Sprache 
 __Font Size 
 __Contrast 
 __Search 
 
   
 
 
 Research projects 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Dual studies at the State Academy of Studies Riesa 
 The VKTA as an employer 
 Job opportunities 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 About us 
 
 Organisation chart 
 History 
 Administration 
 Management board 
 Publications 
 Calls for tenders 
 Press photos 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Radiation protection 
 
 Environment monitoring 
 Incorporation Measuring Point 
 Metrology 
 Radon 
 Leak testing site 
 Operational radiation protection 
 Personal dosimetry 
 
 
 
 Analytics 
 
 Environmental and radionuclide analysis 
 Radionuclide analysis 
 Drinking water analysis 
 Environmental analysis 
 
 
 
 Disposal 
 
 Dismantling 
 Residue management 
 Radioactive waste 
 Conventional waste 
 Clearance 
 Regional collection facility 
 
 
 
 **The VKTA as an employer ** 
 VKTA  __ Career  __The VKTA as an employer 
 The VKTA as an employer 
 Short distances, a flat hierarchy, constructive and appreciative cooperation with highly motivated colleagues in a creative and respectful working environment as well as a modern work environment - these are the hallmarks of daily work at VKTA. 
 In regular and intensive communication with each other - also across departments - solutions for our internal and external customers are sought and found together. 
 Excellently trained specialists are therefore extremely important and are supported by VKTA. Regular further training events, as well as internal workshops on current, interdisciplinary topics, or participation in national and international conferences, specialist exchanges or congresses are part of our employees' day-to-day business and are an opportunity for their own professional development. On 1 October each year, we offer young, interested people a training place as part of the practice-oriented dual Bachelor of Science course in radiation technology or environmental technology in cooperation with the University of Cooperative Education Riesa. 
 Family-friendly working hours, in particular coupled with flexitime arrangements, give our employees the opportunity to coordinate work and family life without any problems. A job ticket can be purchased for public transport users. Free parking is available for motorists on the Rossendorf research site. On the site there is a modern company restaurant which can be used for breakfast and lunch. 
 Together with the works council, the Executive Board regularly examines whether the working conditions in the VKTA should be adapted to modern and employee-friendly standards. For example, a company health management system is being implemented which - together with our partner at the site, the Helmholtz-Zentrum Dresden - offers interesting opportunities to focus on one's own health. 
 VKTA – Radiation Protection, Analytics & Disposal Rossendorf Inc. (VKTA) 
Bautzner Landstraße 400 
01328 Dresden 
Germany 
 Phone: +49 351 260 3493 
Fax: +49 351 260 3236 
 kontakt@vkta.de 
 
 
 Radiation Protection 
 
 
 Analytics 
 
 
 Disposal 
 
 
 Waste Collection Facility 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Publications 
 
 
 Call for Tenders 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Legal details 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 go to top __ 
