www.IndianaRBI.com 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: South Bend Career Academy 
 High School 
 Coulter, South Central Satellites eager for ’21 
 January 15, 2021   stvkrh905   Leave a comment 
 
 By STEVE KRAH 
 http://www.IndianaRBI.com 
 Zach Coulter  has been head baseball coach at  South Central Junior/Senior High School  in Union Mills, Ind., for more than 500 days and has yet to earn a win or loss. 
 Hired prior to 2020, there was much anticipation with a talented group coming back. 
 The Satellites won the  Porter County Conference  for just the third time (2009 and 2017 were the other title seasons) and the IHSAA Class 1A South Bend Career Academy Sectional before losing in the South Bend Regional championship to eventual state runner-up and fellow PCC member  Washington Township  in 2019. 
 Several key starters from that squad returned in 2020. 
 But the Satellites never took the field in 2020 thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 “That’s the hand we’ve been dealt,” says Coulter. “Like everyone else.” 
 Coulter and company now getting ready for 2021 with more high hopes. 
 “I think we’ll be a dark horse this year,” says Coulter. “We’ve revamped the entire program and internally changed our mindset.” 
 South Central (enrollment around 325) is part of a 1A sectional grouping with  Argos ,  Culver Community ,  LaCrosse ,  Oregon-Davis ,  South Bend Career Academy  and  Triton . The Satellites have won 16 sectional crowns, including 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. South Central won regional crowns in 1999, 2005, 2006 and 2011. 
 “We’re the sectional favorite or co-favorite almost every year,” says Coulter. “We don’t want winning sectional defining our season.” 
 When the Satellites break a huddle in practice, the chant is “138.” 
 That’s the number of miles from Satellite Field to  Victory Field  in Indianapolis — site of the IHSAA State Finals. 
 “We have a very talented group,” says Coulter. “It’s an exciting time to be a South Central baseball player. 
 “We’re more poised now to make a pretty deep (tournament) run.” 
 Last summer, South Central took part in five travel tournaments. No players were turned away. There were 32 taking part in games and workouts. 
 With the majority of the varsity lineup committed to other travel teams, 14-, 15- and 16-year-olds played in 17U events. 
 With all the players together, a title was won at the  On Turf Sports Classic in Columbia City, Ind. , beating a team made up of Avon and Plainfield high school players for the championship. There was also a squad from Cincinnati and the Harris Storm (Penn High School players). 
 There are currently 38 identified with the program, including 18 freshmen. One member of the Class of 2024 — pitcher  Bradley Ferrell  — shined at a recent Perfect Game event in Florida. 
 Coulter is a 2009 LaPorte High School graduate. Other LPHS alums on his Satellite coaching staff include pitching coach Tony Ferrell (a member of the  1992 state champions  and father of Bradley), Dave Santana and Garrett Kautz with the varsity. Alex Rochowiak is the JV head coach. Zach Lee is the JV pitching coach. Chesterton High School graduate Rochowiak played is the son of Michigan City High School head coach Jeff Rochowiak. 
 South Central has also gotten new uniforms for its varsity and junior teams and put a new windscreen completely around its home park. 
 The coaching staff donated their 2020 salaries to pay for infield playing mix, which helps with turnaround time on rain days. 
 The grass baseline have been replaced with dirt. 
 “It looks more like a baseball field now,” says Coulter. 
 Besides South Central, the Porter County Conference includes  Boone Grove ,  Hebron ,  Kouts,  LaCrosse,  Morgan Township , Washington Township and  Westville . 
 Boone Grove won the IHSAA Class 2A state championship in 2018 with Washington Township making it to the Class 1A finale in 2019. 
 “It’s a pretty solid conference in baseball,” says Coulter. Currently the largest of Indiana’s 1A schools, South Central has yet to win a PCC tournament. 
 Recent South Central graduates now in NCAA Division I college baseball are  Carson Husmann  (Bradley University) and  Kyle Schmack  (Valparaiso University). 
 The Satellite Series — a competition among groups — was launched in November and will continue until tryouts in March. Upperclassmen drafted teams of underclassmen. Teams compete for weekly points based on attendance, Baseball I.Q. sessions, in-person hitting sessions and school grades. 
 “The kids have absolutely eaten it up,” says Coulter, who adds that they are vying for a letter jacket patch and a steak dinner grilled by the coaching staff. 
 South Central players build their Baseball I.Q. with Zoom sessions that have included guests like  Evan Miller  (a pitcher in the San Diego Padres system who starred at LaPorte High and Indiana Purdue Fort Wayne) and  Rob Younce  (a Philadelphia Phillies scout and national travel coach with the Canes). 
 Coulter encourages his players to talk and think like a coach and presents lessons from  American Baseball Coaches Association  convention speakers and the  Baseball Coaching Bible  edited by  Jerry Kindall  and  John Winkin  and featuring 27 coaches including LaPorte legend  Ken Schreiber . 
 “It’s been real beneficial,” says Coulter. “The No. 1 priority in our program is to play catch. If you can’t play catch, you can’t play baseball. 
 “(Our players) hear some words from people at the top of the game.” 
 There are plans for Coulter and his assistant to tap into the  Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association State Clinic , which will stream its speakers to members Saturday, Jan. 16. 
 “It allows us to grow and stay current with the times,” says Coulter. 
 After playing football and lacrosse and a few seasons of basketball in high school, Coulter went to  Manchester University  in North Manchester, Ind., where he pursued a Business Management degree and served as a student assistant football coach on the staff of  Shannon Griffith . 
 After a season a junior varsity baseball coach at LaPorte, Coulter led the  South Shore Smoke  13U travel team. 
 Coulter and partner  Kevin Tran  are Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance agents based in LaPorte. 
   Zach Coulter is the head baseball coach at South Central High School in Union Mills, Ind. The graduate of LaPorte (Ind.) High School and Manchester University in North Manchester, Ind., is also a Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance agent in LaPorte. 
 138 ABCA Alex Rochowiak American Baseball Coaches Association Argos Avon Baseball Coaching Bible Baseball I.Q. Basketball Boone Grove Bradley Ferrell Bradley University Business management Canes Carson Husmann Chesterton Cincinnati Class 1A Columbia City COVID-19 Culver Community Dave Santana Evan Miller Florida Football Harris Storm Hebron IHSAA IHSAA State Finals IHSBCA IHSBCA State Clinic Indiana Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association Indiana Purdue-Fort Wayne Indianapolis Jeff Rochowiak Jerry Kindall John Winkin Ken Schreiber Kouts Kyle Schmack LaCrosse LaPorte Manchester University Michigan City Morgan Township North Manchester On Turf Sports Classic Oregon-Davis Penn High School Perfect Game Philadelphia Phillies Plainfield Porter County Conference Regional champions Rob Younce San Diego Padres Satellite Field Satellites Sectional champions Shannon Griffith South Bend Career Academy South Central (Union Mills) South Shore Smoke State champions State runners-up Tony Ferrell Triton Union Mills Valparaiso University Victory Field Washington Township Westville Zach Coulter Zach Lee 
 High School 
 Snyder in second go-round leading LaCrosse Tigers 
 January 13, 2021   stvkrh905   1 Comment 
 
 By STEVE KRAH 
 http://www.IndianaRBI.com 
 Eric Snyder ’s coaching style is based on discipline. 
 In his second stint as head baseball coach at  LaCrosse (Ind.) High School , Snyder expects his Tigers to say “Yes Sir” and “Yes Ma’am” and to keep their hair neat and jerseys tucked in. They must stay on top of their studies. 
 “Today’s society shies away from discipline,” says Snyder, who led LaCrosse for five seasons (2000-04 with IHSAA Class 1A top-10 rankings in four of those seasons and a West Central Sectional title in 2002) then took time off to raise his children. “There’s a way to win and it does take discipline.” 
 During his first Tigers tenure, 18 players went on to college baseball in five years. 
 “I push extremely hard with grades,” says Snyder. “That’s part of the discipline factor. I want people to say that’s a baseball player at the school. 
 “They know we’re different.” 
 Snyder derived this approach from the men he encountered along his baseball path. A 1986 graduate of  South Central High School  at Union Mills, Ind., he played for Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Famer  Bob Schellinger  and later coached with him. He also coached C-team boys basketball and was involved in Hanna youth baseball. 
 Snyder was on the Satellites high school baseball staff for 11 years before taking over the reins at LaCrosse. 
 While still a player, Snyder was on a world champion Junior Olympic team that featured IHSBCA Hall of Famers  Ric Tomaszewski  and  Len Buczkowski  plus Jim Dermody among the coaches. These men all ran extremely disciplined high school programs — Tomaszewski at South Bend Washington, Buczkowski at South Bend Adams and Dermody at Warsaw. 
 Teammates included LaPorte High School’s  Scott Upp  and  Greg Perschke . Upp went on to be head coach at LaPorte, following legend  Ken Schreiber  and Perschke the head coach at Trine University in Angola, Ind. 
 One of Snyder’s best friends in coaching is Washington Township’s  Randy Roberts . They share similar styles. 
 “I had a good upbringing,” says Snyder, 52. “I’m very appreciative of all the people that came into my life.” 
 While he came back to just in time to have the 2020 season taken away because of the COVID-19 pandemic, there are plenty of positives surrounding LaCrosse baseball. 
 Nearly $60,000 — most of it donated — has been poured into the improvement of Tiger Field, which is located less than a mile northeast of the school building. 
 “It’s going to surprise a lot of people,” says Snyder of an ongoing project at the Dewey Township-owned facility that has added a new net back stop with a four-foot brick wall inside and stone outside plus updated dugouts, mound and plate areas and an infield sprinkler system with more to come. 
 Snyder is approaching 19 years with  North Star Stone  in Valparaiso, Ind. The company manufactures and installs stone products. 
 Snyder expects as many as 28 players (including 13 freshmen) this spring, meaning the Tigers will be able to field a junior varsity team for likely the first time ever. 
 Helping Snyder coach are  Brian “Chico” Lipscomb , J.T. Snyder and Dan Snyder. Lipscomb was a standout at LaPorte who played in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. J.T., Eric’s son, and Dan, Eric’s nephew, played at South Central. Dan Snyder, who pitched and was the athlete of the year at Purdue University Northwest, is LaCrosse’s pitching coach. 
 Other former college or pro players have come in to help teach the Tigers. 
 Feeding the high school program is the Southwest County Conference — a youth league for ages 5 to 12 with teams feeding schools at LaCrosse, Wanatah, Clinton, Hanna and Union Mills. LaCrosse uses the softball field near Tiger Field. 
 “I’m a big part of that,” says Snyder. “I want to teach them everything I need them to know (at the high school level). 
 “We teach them how to bunt, lead off and steal. We treat the youngest kids just like they were freshmen.” 
 LaCrosse (enrollment around 105) is a member of the  Porter County Conference  (with  Boone Grove ,  Hebron ,  Kouts ,  Morgan Township , South Central,  Washington Township  and  Westville ). 
 PCC schools field junior high teams and Snyder is there to guide the LaCrosse squad for sixth, seventh and eighth graders. 
 The Tigers are part of an IHSAA Class 1A sectional grouping with  Argos ,  Culver Community ,  Oregon-Davis ,  South Bend Career Academy , South Central (Union Mills) and  Triton . LaCrosse has won three sectional titles — 1976, 1989 and 2002. 
 In coaching LaCrosse fifth and sixth grade boys basketball players this winter, Snyder took over a team with a 1.7 grade-point average. By season’s end it was 3.1. 
 “That’s why I’m involved at the lower levels,” says Snyder. 
 LaCrosse conducted fall IHSAA Limited Contact Period workouts and is just getting started with winter conditioning/practice given that so many baseball players also play basketball. 
 Eric and Sara Snyder have five children (two girls followed by three sons) — Alex (26), Danielle (25), J.T. (23), R.J. (21) and Eli (10). The four oldest were all South Central athletes — Alex in volleyball, basketball and softball, Danielle in softball, J.T. in baseball and basketball and R.J. in baseball and basketball.  R.J. Snyder  is an outfielder at Grace College in Winona Lake, Ind. 
 Eli Snyder, a baseball and basketball player, is Wanatah School. There are plans in the  Tri-Township Consolidated School Corporation  to change the high school location eight miles north to Wanatah. 
 
Tiger Field is the home of the LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball program. There have been many upgrades to the facility in the past year. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  New stone graces the dugout at Tiger Field, home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball —  has gotten quite a facelift since Eric Snyder returned as Tigers head coach leading into the 2020 season, which was canceled because of the pandemic. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Baseball players — young and old alike — work to get better at LaCrosse (Ind.) High School. The Tigers' head coach is Eric Snyder. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  A new backstop and wall is part of the upgrades at Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Another view of Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  The press box at Tiger Field — LaCrosse (Ind.) High School's baseball home. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Youngsters in the LaCrosse (Ind.) baseball program are taught the skills they will need when they reach high school. Eric Snyder is the Tigers head coach. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  There was plenty of work done at Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball — in 2020. Nearly $60,000 — mostly donations — was and will be put into the facility, (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  A view of the area behind home plate at Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  There's been plenty of sprucing up at Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  The new brick wall extends from dugout to dugout at Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Laying new sod is part of the upgrades to Tiger Field — home of LaCrosse (Ind.) High School baseball. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo)  Eric Snyder, a 1986 graduate of South Central High School in Union Mills, Ind., is in the second year of his second stint as head baseball coach at LaCrosse (Ind.) High School. He first led the Tigers 2000-04 with an IHSAA sectional title in 2002. (LaCrosse Tiger Baseball Photo) 
 Alex Snyder Angola Argos Basketball Bob Schellinger Boone Grove Brian Chico Lipscomb Class 1A Clinton COVID-19 Culver Community Dan Snyder Danielle Snyder Dewey Township Discipline Eli Snyder Eric Snyder Grace College Greg Perschke Hanna Hebron IHSAA IHSAA Limited Contact Period IHSBCA Hall of Fame Indiana Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association J.T. Snyder Jim Dermody Junior Olympics Ken Schreiber Kouts LaCrosse LaPorte Len Buczkowski Morgan Township North Star Stone Oregon-Davis Pittsburgh Pirates Porter County Conference Purdue University Northwest R.J. Snyder Randy Roberts Ric Tomaszewski Sara Snyder Satellites Scott Upp Sectional champions Softball South Bend Adams South Bend Career Academy South Bend Washington South Central (Union Mills) Tiger FIeld Tigers Tri-Township Consolidated School Corporation Trine University Triton Union Mills Volleyball Wanatah Warsaw Washington Township Westville Winona Lake 
 High School 
 VanArsdale builds Elkhart Christian culture of humility, hard work 
 February 4, 2020   stvkrh905   Leave a comment 
 BY STEVE KRAH 
 http://www.IndianaRBI.com 
 When Tyler VanArsdale was asked to be the varsity baseball coach at  Elkhart (Ind.) Christian Academy , the invitation came with a request. 
 Athletic director  Richelle Viront  wanted him to establish culture with the Eagles. 
 VanArsdale, a 2013 ECA graduate who had played baseball, golf and basketball at his alma mater, was a baseball assistant in 2017 and came back to lead the program in 2019. 
 “I’ve been preaching to the guys to stay humble and work hard,” says VanArsdale. “Humility is so valuable in a team sport.” 
 VanArsdale, who had also coached many of these same athletes as junior high basketball players, does not put the emphasis on personal statistics but the team. 
 “We talked about distractions,” says VanArsdale. “One huge one is pride.” 
 VanArsdale wants his players to know that “everyone matters” and that seniors with experience respect freshmen with little to none. 
 “When I see someone who is toxic to that culture, we’re addressing it head-on right away,” says VanArsdale. “At the end of the day, ECA baseball is about life development.” 
 VanArsdale saw the Eagles go from 1-11 in 2018 — a year he stayed out of coaching with the birth of his daughter (Bethel College graduates Tyler and Brittany welcomed Clara on their wedding anniversary of May 10, 2018 at 10:18 p.m.) — to 8-8 in 2019 with him in charge. 
 “It’s a mindset thing — a change in thinking,” says VanArsdale. “That’s a great turnaround.” 
 Elkhart Christian lost 4-0 to Fremont in the semifinals of the IHSAA Class 1A Fremont Sectional. 
 “It was intense and competitive,” says VanArsdale. “I was proud of the guys.” 
 Two seniors —  Bailey Petty  and Mark Stevens — were on that squad. Many players return for 2020. Stevens has joined a coaching staff that also includes Tony Tice and Chad Viront. 
 VanArsdale started his high school athletic career at nearby Penn. 
 As a sophomore, he transferred to ECA. He was allowed to play junior varsity basketball. The Eagles did not have a JV baseball team, but an arm injury ended his travel season early. 
 VanArsdale played basketball as a junior and season for squads that won 13 and 14 games. 
 His senior spring saw ECA go 21-8 and win the school’s first baseball sectional title, reigning at Hamilton and advancing to the finals of the 1A Caston Regional. 
 That team featured  Caleb Stayton  (who went on to a standout career at Ball State University) and  Tanner Watson  (who excelled at Taylor University) and VanArsdale keeps in-touch with many of his former teammates. 
 A former golf mate of  Alec Dutkowski , VanArdale was also able to juggle the links and the diamond in the spring at ECA. He anticipates that he will have some baseball players also competing in track and field this spring. 
 During the IHSAA Limited Contact Period, the Eagles have been practicing on Tuesdays and Saturdays with weight workouts on other days. 
 Players and coaches are communication via group chat and VanArsdale, who is also account manager for Legacy Fire Protection, has lunch with his seniors — a group that will have at least six. 
 “I’m excited,” says VanArsale. “1 through 9, we’ll be stronger at the plate. 
 “With pitching, we lost Bailey Petty. But we’ll be more diverse and may use three pitchers in a game.” 
 To keep his pitchers healthy, VanArsdale has them using J-Bands, lifting weights and stretching in the off-season. 
 For those players who have their sights on the next level, the coach has advice. 
 “If you have a goal to play college ball, I preach prospect camps,” says VanArsdale. “You don’t want to get worn out on travel ball.” 
 While ECA (enrollment around 170) is an independent in all sports but soccer now, the school will be part of the Hoosier Plains Conference (with Argos, Bethany Christian, Lakeland Christian Academy, South Bend Career Academy and Trinity at Greenlawn), beginning in 2020-21. It will come with a double robin schedule and end-of-season recognition. 
 “It’s going to be really good,” says VanArsdale. “It’ll give each school something to shoot for.” 
 The Eagles are part of a 1A sectional grouping in 2020 and 2021 with Bethany Christian,  Fort Wayne Blackhawk Christian ,  Fort Wayne Canterbury ,  Fremont , Hamilton and Lakewood Park Christian. 
 Elkhart (Ind.) Christian Academy head baseball coach Tyler VanArsdale (center) appears with Bailey Petty (left) and Mark Stevens on Senior Day 2019. 
 Alec Dutkowski Argos Athletic Director Bailey Petty Ball State University Basketball Bethany Christian Bethel College Brittany VanArsdale Caleb Stayton Chad Viront Clara VanArsdale Culture Eagles Elkhart Christian Academy Fort Wayne Blackhawk Christian Fort Wayne Canterbury Fremont Golf Hamilton Hard work Hoosier Plains Conference Humble Humility IHSAA Limited Contact Period Lakeland Christian Academy Lakewood Park Christian Legacy Fire Protection Mark Stevens Penn Richelle Viront South Bend Career Academy Tanner Watson Taylor University Tony Tice Trinity at Greenlawn Tyler VanArsdale 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 67 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Coulter, South Central Satellites eager for ’21 
 Young Hammel now in charge at Benton Central 
 Snyder in second go-round leading LaCrosse Tigers 
 Stowe building baseball in Perry Central community 
 VanOeveren, Hamilton Heights Huskies ready to go 
 Bethel U. graduate Thompson leads MidAmerica Nazarene baseball 
 Communication key for Bullpen Tournaments VP Tucker 
 Butler volunteer Montgomery places premium on relationship building 
 Alum McTagertt keeps growing the game at Lafayette Jeff 
 Zangrilli’s baseball path takes him back to Carmel Greyhounds 
 
 Contact Steve Krah at stvkrh905@gmail.com 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Categories 
 
 Adult Baseball 
 American Legion 
 Analytics 
 Athletic Training 
 Bats 
 Books 
 Broadcasting 
 Collecting 
 College 
 Education 
 Field maintenance 
 Health 
 High School 
 History 
 Instruction 
 Little League 
 Media 
 Negro Leagues 
 Nutrition 
 Overseas 
 Podcasts 
 Pro 
 Research 
 Salary Arbitration 
 Scouting 
 Sporting Goods 
 Stadium Operations 
 Training 
 Travel 
 Umpires 
 Uncategorized 
 Welcome 
 Wiffle ball 
 Youth 
 
 Tags 
 
 American Baseball Coaches Association 
 Anderson University 
 Arizona Diamondbacks 
 Ball State University 
 Basketball 
 Bethel College 
 Butler University 
 Chicago Cubs 
 Chicago White Sox 
 Cincinnati Reds 
 Cleveland Indians 
 COVID-19 
 Football 
 Fort Wayne 
 Franklin College 
 Grand Park 
 Huntington University 
 IHSAA 
 IHSBCA 
 IHSBCA Hall of Fame 
 IHSBCA North/South All-Star Series 
 Indiana 
 Indiana Bulls 
 Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association 
 Indianapolis 
 Indiana State University 
 Indiana Tech 
 Indiana University 
 LaPorte 
 Los Angeles Dodgers 
 Major League Baseball 
 Manchester University 
 MLB Draft 
 NAIA 
 NCAA Division I 
 NCAA Division II 
 New York Yankees 
 Noblesville 
 Pitch Count Rule 
 Pittsburgh Pirates 
 Purdue University 
 San Diego Padres 
 Sectional champions 
 State champions 
 University of Evansville 
 University of Indianapolis 
 University of Southern Indiana 
 Valparaiso University 
 Vincennes University 
 Westfield 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 67 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
