__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Career Coaching 
 | 
 Robin Roman Wright 
 "I am passionate about offering career development services. I help individuals define their purpose, set goals and act using proven coaching facilitation techniques." 
 
 Location:  Wilmington, Massachusetts 
 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Strategize life goals - family, work, church, personal and community. 
 
 
 Articulate the specific skills and talents that you bring to a prospective employer. 
 
 
 Identify occupational choices that align with your career interests, desired work environment, and transferable skills. 
 
 
 Put a career game plan in motion. 
 
 
 Focus a job search and maximize job hunting activities. 
 
 
 Use information from a personal assessment to improve relationships with current or future superiors and enhance peer networks.
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 
 
 Increased insight and improved business results after one coaching session. 
 
 
 Clarity about career direction for next year or two in just 4 sessions. 
 
 
 Improved resume for person seeking a mid-level professional position after many years in one company.
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 
 
 "Thank you. You took the time to listen to my heart and share with me about the assessment. I was overwhelmed by the accuracy of the report and how clearly it denoted my skills and abilities and gave me clarity in areas I always wondered about." --- A client in career transition 
 
 
 "[Robin] is a fantastic listener and is able to engage participants across differences in a way that helps the various voices to be heard and valued. Her ability to facilitate dynamic dialogue is undergirded by her quick thought, clear articulation, diverse experiences and commitment to bringing about robust solutions." -- Facilitator of Boston Capacity Tank, a partnership between the Black Ministerial Alliance (BMA), Emmanuel Gospel Center, Boston Ten Point Coalition, and the United Way of Massachusetts Bay 
 
 
 Through the personal assessment process, helped a journalist articulate her personal style and understand barriers that kept coming up in her work. 
 
 
 "Thank you for your sharing your insight into leadership with the youth of the Leon de Juda Youth Leadership Seminar. Your presentation did more than merely reinforce the leadership principles the kids were exposed to throughout the Seminar. What you did was make those principles personal and applicable to their God-ingrained style of leadership." -- Director for Youth, Higher Education Resource Center, Boston
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 
 20 years experience as a Management Development Trainer and Organizational Development Consultant 
 
 
 A passion for, and experience in, running programs for diverse populations in both Corporate and Non-profit environments 
 
 
 A bicultural perspective - I am Puerto Rican and Irish and have experience working to bring about social justice and racial reconciliation 
 
 
 A deep respect for the dignity of each individual 
 
 
 Compassionate listening skills 
 
 
 Laser questioning and probing skills - helping clients get "unstuck" 
 
 
 Expert knowledge of a variety of career planning tools and processes that I can customize for individual needs.
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 
 
 Using an empowerment model, I help clients identify what they have to offer the marketplace and where in the world of work they might be most valued and satisfied. Each person has unique contributions that he or she can offer in the workplace. People have experience, talents, skills and fields of knowledge that they have developed throughout their lifetimes whether on the job, in school, at home or in volunteer positions. Coaching provides time for reflection and discovery. It also provides time for clarification of work life/ balance goals and personal as well as professional values. I use proven models of career exploration such as "The What Color is Your Parachute" model by Richard N. Bolles and SDS Self-Directed SEARCH model by John L Holland, PhD. I am passionate about offering career development services. I help individuals define their purpose, set goals and act using proven coaching facilitation techniques. 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 
 
 Professionals seeking to move up or broaden their career experience 
 
 
 Entrepreneurs seeking to strengthen leadership skills 
 
 
 Professional women seeking work life balance 
 
 
 Downsized workers seeking to hone their job searching plan and maximize their networking activities 
 
 
 People in transition seeking a more fulfilling career opportunity
 What is your professional background? 
 
 
 20+ years in the field of Management Training and Organizational Development, Master's degree from the University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration, licensed in Massachusetts to provide private counseling 
 
 
 Experienced in helping others communicate and collaborate effectively across ethnic, racial and gender differences. Representative projects include: 
 
 Member of a Corporate Latino Resource Group whose purpose was to give "voice" to a group that provides a growing employee resource pool and consumer market. 
 Designed and conducted focus groups for the Victory Generation After-School Program, a ministry of the Black Ministerial Alliance in Boston. 
 Co-led Listening Sessions with Latino leaders in Lawrence, Massachusetts. 
 Designed and launched a Diversity Mentoring Program for the Information Technology Division of a large regional financial institution. The purpose of the program was to provide career mentoring and increase awareness and appreciation of differences in others. 
 
 
 
 Active commitment to community service and the inner city. Two examples of this commitment are: 
 
 Partnership Program manager for a business-school partnership with over 200 volunteers helping students and faculty in a large public middle school in Boston. One program was recognized as a model school-to-careers program. 
 Coordinated projects for three City Year Serv-a-thons. 
 
 
 
 Member of International Coaching Federation, American Society for Training and Development, National Association of Social Workers (a Licensed Independent Clinical Social Worker), and the International Coaching Federation of New England.
 How can clients get started working with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Order Online  through our secure checkout: Click one of the Add to Cart buttons below 
 
 
 Order by Phone  : Call our ordering department toll free at 888-491-8833
 You will then be directly contacted by the head of the coaching program to select the right coach for you. 
 
 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
