
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Ribbon (S20) 
 Ticketing and payments for online events 
 Content Marketing & Social Media Manager 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 About Ribbon 
 Ribbon​ lets instructors, creators, influencers, and businesses issue tickets and memberships for your online live classes, events, workshops etc, and also lets you upload, store, and sell recorded content to build an on-demand library. We help individuals build and manage their business. 
 About the role 
 
 You’ll take control of Ribbon’s social media channels. You’ll strategize on how to build an engaging and exciting brand. The objective is to always celebrate our hosts and their stories. Yoga instructors, educators, fitness trainers, artists, therapists, and all the other creators who use Ribbon. 
 Lead the community at Ribbon, talk to our hosts directly, schedule conversations, host podcasts and Youtube interviews highlighting and featuring our hosts and their events. 
 Write content and blog posts. 
 Check into events happening daily via Ribbon to capture the best moments and share them away. 
 You’ll get to shape how Ribbon looks and represents itself in front of the world. 
 
 Technology 
 ReactJS, NodeJS, PostgreSQL. 
 Other jobs at Ribbon 
 Sales/Growth Associate 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Full-stack Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 1+ years 
 Content Marketing & Social Media Manager 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
