WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allMarketing & Communityjobs 
 Community Manager 
 Clever Plays Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 October 6, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 ** This position has been closed. 
** 
Looking for an  Intermediate-level Community Manager  supporting our current game,  Operation: Tango , a 2-player asymmetrical-coop spy game. 
 This is a full-time, work-from-home position with a competitive salary. 
 ‍ 
 ROLE 
 The community manager is responsible for growing, entertaining and managing the community around Clever Plays games. 
 ‍ 
 TASK LIST 
 1. Develop and maintain the community (55%) 
 
 Write and distribute Clever Plays news on different outlets : Twitter, LinkedIn, newsletter, blog articles, Steam forums, Discord, Instagram, etc. 
 Create relevant and entertaining social media content (written and visual) based around our brands to keep the community engaged and spread awareness of our products. This may include: using game illustrations to make a Twitter image for a specific announcement, creating a short best-of video using influencer footage, making GIFs from in-game content, writing funny comic strips with our characters, compiling top 5s on various topics related to the game, etc. 
 Conceive and execute community activities to entertain and further engage our fans. For example, this may involve creating puzzles on Discord, or overseeing a fan art contest. 
 Keep the conversation going by engaging with our current and prospective fans on Twitter, Discord and other relevant platforms, making sure to be responsive and pleasant 
 Manage and moderate our Discord server, Steam forum and any other relevant platform. Police inappropriate content, moderate discussions, and remove toxic parties when necessary. 
 
 2. Help with various marketing activities (30%) 
 
 Depending on the situation; Examples include filing submission forms for event participation, manning virtual booths, scheduling streamer/influencer activity, researching tech solutions for community and marketing activities, video editing, outreach to relevant influencers, etc. 
 
 3. Report relevant information to the team (15%) 
 
 Regularly monitor communication channels to gather feedback from the public (comments, ideas, bugs), and report them to the relevant people on the team 
 
 ‍ 
 EXPERIENCE 
 
 1+ years managing a community, preferably within a game publisher or game studio 
 3+ years working collaboratively with a team of professionals 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIRED SKILLS 
 
 Creative background as demonstrated by writing samples or visual portfolio 
 Graphic Design and Video Editing capabilities to tackle content creation (e.g. Photoshop, Premiere, etc.) 
 Skilled at both formal and colloquial writing. Must have native or near-native English proficiency. 
 Well-versed in games and gaming culture 
 Tech savvy; able to easily learn new software and troubleshoot issues 
 
 ‍ 
 SOFT SKILLS 
 
 Outgoing personality with a sense of humor 
 Eagerness to learn  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Why work at Clever-Plays? 
 Clever-Plays is a family-sized independent video game studio based in downtown Montréal. Our games are made by gamers for gamers. Our first game was  Leap of Fate  , a top-down shooter set in a world mixing cyberpunk and magic. The current project is  Operation Tango  , a unique coop game based on communication. 
 What defines us? 
 
 We’re passionate people working on games we’re proud of 
 We’re a small team, meaning everyone has a large impact on the game 
 Respect is our key word; respect for the team and respect for our players 
 No crunch 
 4 weeks of vacation a year 
 Flexibility 
 Transparent management that cares 
 Men, women, non-binary welcome 
 
 Come live the indie experience with us! 
 ‍ 
 About  Operation Tango 
 IT TAKES TWO to save the world in this Asymmetrical Spy Thriller. Pair up with a friend as a special agent or elite hacker, and work together to bring a high-tech global menace to its knees.  Operation: Tango  is an espionage-themed cooperative adventure challenging you and a friend to complete dangerous missions across the globe in a high-tech near-future world. As an exclusive team of two, you and your partner will become AGENT and HACKER, working together to infiltrate, investigate, and eradicate the forces threatening the free world. Work in tandem from two different points of view with only your voice to link you. Teamwork is crucial, and communication is key! 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Content Marketing Specialistto join their team into work fromChicago, ILContent Marketing SpecialistJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Enhance is hiring a Community & Social Media Specialistto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity & Social Media SpecialistEnhance | AnywhereLearn More 
 Future Friends Games is hiring a PR & Marketing Internto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomPR & Marketing InternFuture Friends Games | United KingdomLearn More 
 FuturLab is hiring a Marketing Artistto join their team into work fromUK/EUMarketing ArtistFuturLab | UK/EULearn More 
 tinyBuild is hiring a Community Manager/Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity Manager/LeadtinyBuild | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Social Media & Community Managerto join their team into work fromLondon, UKSocial Media & Community ManagerTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
