  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Customer Service 
 
 Customer Service Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Customer Service Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/customer-service) 
 1 hour ago 
 Project Managers 
 Published: 1 hour ago  Bids: 0 
 HELLO! 
We are looking for a project manager! 
What should you be able to do? 
•    Know English (any level) 
•    Knowledge of Spanish or Portuguese is required 
•    Knowledge Russian 
•    Be able to manage people 
•    Have basic knowledge in marketing 
•    Be able to work with contracts 
•    Knowledge of active sales 
•    Background in the agro-industrial sphere of activity 
What will you need to do? 
•    Interaction with customers and suppliers 
•    Document flow 
•    Interaction with other team members 
•    Work in the field of B2B 
•    Drafting of documents 
•    Analytics of international markets 
•    Management of specialists 
•    Assigning tasks to subordinates 
More details: 
•    Payment only through the Workana. 
•    Piecework payment. 
•    After your response, we will send you a short questionnaire to fill out. 
 Yours faithfully, 
Amanda Sunders 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. S. Russian Federation 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Customer Operations Manager 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 10 
 We are interested and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your career professionally. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Published by:  W. G. Last reply: 9 hours ago  United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 I need virtual assistant project 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 8 
 I need virtual assistants for administrative support project. Virtual assistant will  be organizing any work related activities, responding to information requests, coordinating office operations, tracking and reviewing records. This virtual assistant also involve answering phone calls to support customers, scheduling meetings, preparing and organizing journals/files. 
These are basically clerical tasks. In the accounting field, they may be considered as bookkeepers. Whereby they record and monitor expenditures. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  B. C. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 I need data entry agent project 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 9 
 I need data entry agents for administrative support project. Data entry agents will  be organizing any work related activities, responding to information requests, coordinating office operations, tracking and reviewing records. This data entry project also involve answering phone calls to support customers, scheduling meetings, preparing and organizing journals/files. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Data entry 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. C. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Customer service 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 0 
 Use telephones to reach out to customers and verify account information. 
Greet customers warmly and ascertain problem or reason for calling. 
Cancel or upgrade accounts. 
 Assist with placement of orders, refunds, or exchanges. 
Advise on company information. 
Take payment information and other pertinent information such as addresses and phone numbers. 
 Place or cancel orders. 
Answer questions about warranties or terms of sale. 
Act as the company gatekeeper. 
 Suggest solutions when a product malfunctions. 
Handle product recalls. 
Attempt to persuade customer to reconsider cancellation. 
 Inform customer of deals and promotions. 
Sell products and services. 
Utilize computer technology to handle high call volumes. 
 Work with customer service manager to ensure proper customer service is being delivered. 
Close out or open call records. 
Compile reports on overall customer satisfaction. 
 Read from scripts. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. C. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 Customer Support Representative 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 15 
 Job brief 
 Flowster.app  is the world’s leading workflow management SaaS application for the eCommerce industry, and we’re looking to hire a talented customer support representative to join our team. If you’re excited about being part of a fast growing SaaS startup, Flowster is a great place to grow your career. 
 We’re looking for a full-time customer support representative to communicate with customers via chat, email, video conference, and telephone. 
 Our team relies heavily on our documented processes and procedures, as these allow us to outsource, delegate and train new employees quickly and easily. As such, you will also be involved in creating and maintaining these procedures. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 
 Provide pre-sale, technical, and product support to Flowster customers via our chat and helpdesk platforms. 
 
 
 The occasional customer phone call or video chat. 
 
 
 Reproduce and document customer issues. 
 
 
 Track bug reports and analyze patterns to report to the development team. 
 
 
 Work with the Flowster development and marketing teams to address issues, recommend enhancements, improve the product, improve documentation, and reduce customer confusion. 
 
 
 A work schedule that aligns with typical North American working hours. 
 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Previous experience with customer support 
 An empathetic and patient approach to helping customers 
 A positive attitude 
 Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication 
 The ability to work effectively across multiple teams 
 A strong work ethic and careful attention to detail 
 Solid organizational skills: be able to balance multiple tasks, prioritize effectively, plan out schedules and follow them 
 
 About Us 
 Flowster is an international company with employees from over 10 different countries.  Our workflow software is used by thousands of eCommerce businesses. 
 We prioritize working hard while having fun, and we provide employees with competitive benefits and a flexible schedule. Travel is not required for this position. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Last reply: 1 week ago  Canada 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 Africa Based - Customer service agents - call center/chat 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 9 
 • Reply to all submitted requests in a professional and courteous manner 
• Provide accurate and informative explanations to customers relative to our service 
• Facilitate customer requests for changes or updates to their online content 
• Demonstrate active listening skills gaining full understanding of the customer’s needs/issues while exhibiting empathy. 
• Promote and offer our products and services 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  R. B. S. Canada Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
