Skip to content 
 
 Welcome to the HappiLabs Blog 
 Science funding well spent 
 Menu 
 
 Green Labs 
 Shopping Tips 
 HL Updates 
 Home 
 
 science jobs 
 HIRING -- Support Virtual Lab Manager 
 Posted on  June 15, 2020June 16, 2020  by  HappiTom 
   
 Support Virtual Lab Manager at a growing life science company 
 If you have experience with lab management, purchasing, basic accounting, or customer service, apply! 
 ABOUT HAPPILABS 
 HappiLabs is a small business with a startup mentality in Chicago that provides a service to scientists called the Virtual Lab Manager. We support scientists in various ways, virtually, which includes acting as an outsourced purchasing department (some might say a Personal Shopper) for biotech companies and scientific research labs. 
 We have a mission  : to improve the happiness of scientists and the quality of their research. 
 By helping scientists do their job, we are helping all the people on the planet who benefit from inventions, creations, and knowledge that scientists create. 
 You will work out of our Chicago office where you'll support our Virtual Lab Managers (who are PhDs or long-time lab managers) as they manage labs across the country. You will be interacting with suppliers, freight companies, accountants and scientists. 
 You will be trained to be one of the best lab managers in the world. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 A strong candidate will have one of these backgrounds: 
 
 Lab manager or tech  experience in a lab 
 Logistics or customer service experience  (does not need to be in the sciences) 
 Purchaser or bookkeeper 
 Minimum Bachelor's degree 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Utilize various apps and software for managing labs 
 Communicate with suppliers (sales reps, technical help & customer service) to obtain pricing and technical info, place orders, retrieve order updates, and solve logistics and supply chain problems 
 Keep detailed accounting records 
 Report progress and solve problems at team meetings 
 
 TIMEFRAME 
 Looking to start now, preferably in  Chicago . 
 COMPENSATION 
 
 Full-time, salary 
 $35-55k, depending on experience 
 Medical and Dental health benefits 
 Company swag, coffee and snacks at the office, and weekly lunch 
 
 SKILLS AND TRAITS YOU SHOULD HAVE 
 We want a long-term commitment, someone who will help a small company grow into a large one. 
 
 Tech savvy  (very good with a computer, its keyboard and multiple monitors) 
 Proactive mentality  – help without being asked to help, and an ability to predict problems 
 Knowledge of  hardware or mechanical engineering, and/or chemistry, and/or molecular biology 
 A passion for science and  desire to   make a difference  in the world. 
 Confident presence on the phone . We frequently call suppliers 
 
 ===== APPLY NOW! ====== 
 CLICK this link ->  HAPPILABS JOB APPLICATION (VIA A GOOGLE FORM) 
 It will not hurt to connect with Tom on LinkedIn. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Hire a virtual lab manager ,  HL Updates Tagged  happilabs ,  Lab manager ,  purchasing scientific supplies ,  science ,  science jobs ,  suppliers ,  virtual lab manager Leave a comment 
 Creating jobs, confidence, and opportunity for the science community 
 Posted on  October 18, 2014October 19, 2014  by  HappiTom 
   
 Since our inception over two years ago, HappiLabs has been focused on a mission: 
 
 to improve the happiness of scientists and the quality of their research. 
 
 When we have decisions to make or new initiatives to advance, our mission guides us. As CEO, one of my toughest decisions: 
 Do I hire one full-time employee or hire a bunch of part-timers? 
 As an entrepreneur looking out for the long-term health of the science community, empowering scientists to believe in life outside the lab is critical. Therefore, I thought we'd bring more happiness to the science community by hiring more people than hiring one. It created extra work for HappiLabs, and therefore, more costs, but we created income, skills development, and opportunity for scientists. 
 So…. 
 Thank you to the scientists who have worked with us over the past couple years. Growing from a tiny seed into a sapling would not have been possible without your brains. 
 We've hired postdocs, grad students, and unemployed scientists for small jobs (1-12 hours/week). We call them "microjobs." They could be an intern (but that's an undergrad term) or a contractor (but there are few contracts involved), so a microjob is a fitting term for a scientist in this role. 
 As of September 18, 2014: 
 
 17 scientists have cycled through HappiLabs 
 Working 1,038 hours 
 Earning $21,911.82 at rates ranging from $18-$25 per hour 
 
 What have they learned?  Kate knows more about IP than you probably do. Anthony created one of our logos. Raudel can list 15 suppliers of pipette tips off the top of his head. Ben understands the value of quantifying the cost of a science experiment, and Ian helped us start a script for a PCR Tube Adventure movie. We've also seen Aaron, Adam, Beth, Chris, Chrissie, Eric, Joanna, John, Nadia, Tracy, Vidhya, and… 
 Andrew Thaler, Phd was a marine biologist looking for work when we found him. He is now on his way to  Papa New Guinea to study the ocean floor with OpenROV . With us, he organized a Sloan Foundation grant and generated content for the HL blog. We received excellent content and Dr. Thaler received health happiness while he waited for new opportunity: 
 
 The "microjob" really did help me out during a pretty rough time and that extra money each month made the difference between cut-rate and decent health insurance. 
 
 Meet more of our current and past microjobbers:  Our People 
 Thank you to my family and friend investors who put up the money to create the first microjobs, and  Ethan Perlstein  who took the risk to sign the first Virtual Lab Manager contract. Without you, we would not have been able to accumulate the knowledge and experience necessary to make us awesome Virtual Lab Managers. 
 How can we improve your happiness as a scientist? Thank you for listening and help spread the word about our mission. 
 Tom Ruginis 
 CEO and Virtual Lab Manager™ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  HL Updates Tagged  microjob ,  science jobs ,  scientist career ,  virtual lab manager Leave a comment 
 Follow us: 
 My Tweets 
 Recent, helpful posts 
 
 UPDATE: Shortages in the Scientific Supply Chain 
 We're hiring a Virtual Lab Manager 
 Time to Vote. HappiLabs will be short-staffed on Election Day 
 Reporting on Black Lives Matter action items 
 Black Lives Matter - full support from HappiLabs to change the scientific supply chain 
 HIRING -- Support Virtual Lab Manager 
 5/6 COVID-19 update and Getting Back to Work in the New Normal 
 
 Join the community 
 Sign up to receive lab shopping tips and updates on HappiLabs' development 
 Email Address: 
 Yes please! 
 Search our brain 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
