Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacist 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Pharmacist 
 File #:  2020-19106 
 Status:  Permanent Full Time (x1) 
 Dept/Program:  Pharmacy 
 Site:  Mississauga Hospital (with availability to work at all 3 sites as required) 
 Hours of Work/Shifts:  Available to work all shifts; including Weekends 
 Posted:  November 24, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  December 1, 2020 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Position Summary: 
Reporting to the Clinical Manager of Pharmacy Services you will be an integral member of the Pharmacy team and be accountable for the pharmacotherapy for patients to ensure optimal patient care is achieved. You will be evaluating evidence-based medicine to support your recommendations and to develop improvement strategies for drug utilization. 
 Key Qualifications: 
Baccalaureate Degree in Pharmacy or Pharm D 
Licensed in Ontario to practice pharmacy 
Completion of hospital pharmacy residency or equivalent experience is an asset 
Strong interpersonal, problem solving, organizational and communication skills 
Experience in providing exceptional patient centred care 
Experience in hospital pharmacy systems and distribution systems are an asset. 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Provision of pharmaceutical care to patients 
Clinical care of patients in comprehensive clinical programs including warfarin dosing, IV to PO, aminoglycoside and vancomycin dosing. 
In collaboration with other clinical pharmacists will deliver appropriate teaching to pharmacy residents and pharmacy students 
Participation in pharmacy case presentations, Pharmacy Education Rounds, journal clubs and case discussions 
Drug distribution responsibilities. 
Drug use evaluation and drug order review 
Drug therapy monitoring 
Supervision of Pharmacy Technicians 
Other duties as assigned including the ability to potentially work at all Trillium Health Partners sites 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
