[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Product Designer - Design System 
 Klarna 
 Full time 
 Stockholm or Berlin 
 Jan 10 
 About Klarna 
 Klarna was founded in Stockholm, Sweden in 2005. Since then we've changed the banking industry forever. And now we're creating the world's smoothest shopping experience. We serve over 90 million consumers worldwide, and partner with 200,000 merchants – with a new merchant joining us every 8 minutes. Including some of the world's leading brands, such as H&M, ASOS, IKEA, Adidas, Samsung and Lufthansa. Our offices are spread over 17 different markets, hosted by 3500+ employees from 90 nationalities. 
 Klarna strives to become the world’s favourite way to buy, and you can contribute to reaching this goal! We are looking to hire great people, who are passionate about using their talents to generate success. We are currently looking to grow our Design System Designer teams to satisfy the company’s ever increasing need for maintaining a growing, unified and high end design system. 
 What you will do 
 Klarna’s Design team is an ambitious international team where results and attention to detail are taken seriously. We aim to build the best products in the world and we are excited to welcome new team members who share our ambition to be consistently amazing. 
 Your work will revolve around the continuous evolvement of Klarna’s Design Language, from exploring and reviewing ideas to building on top of an extensive component library and documenting design patterns. 
 The ideal candidate for this role will be able to contribute and assist in taking our look, structure and consistency to the next level. 
 What you will be responsible for: 
 
 Facilitate and evolve the look and feel of Klarna’s Product Design language, its components and design patterns, from concepts to implementation 
 Work closely with our Brand Studio team and to build a consistent Brand and Product experience across the whole customer journey 
 Work closely with engineers to ensure a high level of quality delivery across all platforms (web, iOS, Android) 
 Document design guidelines and actively share knowledge on how to utilise the design system 
 Always seek out for design system best practices, design patterns across multiple industries and products to constantly evolve Klarna products and design language 
 Help shape the design culture at Klarna that will ultimately define every interaction customers have with our products and services 
 
 You should have: 
 
 A great eye and toucjh for design: identify common design patterns throughout web and mobile platforms and find elegant solutions for implementation 
 A strong track record and understanding of visual and interaction design (5+ years of experience in the field, preferably 2-3 years in building design systems) 
 Great technical understanding of how to build systems, UI patterns and work smarter around technical limitations 
 Experience designing for web, Android and IOS 
 A portfolio demonstrating your work 
 Great understanding of visual harmony, information hierarchy and design patterns: You should be able to produce quality visual designs (We use Sketch and Abstract) 
 Experience in writing simple and clear design documentation for multiple audiences (designers, developers, product owners and other stakeholders) 
 Strong in articulating and explaining your ideas to other designers, engineers, product managers and other stakeholders 
 Fluent with different level of prototyping tools such as Invision, Framer, Principle or Flinto 
 
 Bonus: 
 
 Passionate about and/or experience in motion design 
 Experience working in fin-tech or shopping 
 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Klarna 
 We make shopping smoooth. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Klarna is hiring a Product Designer - Design System&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14899-product-designer-design-system)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Klarna is hiring a Product Designer - Design System&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14899-product-designer-design-system&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
