Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-time Manager 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 How about flexible hours that let you do your thing, whatever your thing is. The opportunity to grow. Professionally, personally and financially. How about the chance to be part of a company that’s primarily run by independent business owners and that’s active in your community. That’s helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids through Ronald McDonald House. If that sounds good to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOUR VIBE 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected under pressure. You understand there is no “I” in team and thrive in social situations. You get that service isn’t a transaction. It’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. 
 YOUR JOB 
 Making people’s day on all fronts:  Greeting people, taking orders and satisfying McCravings. 
Preparing food and keeping our world famous burgers and fries, world famous. 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile. 
Package take-out food. But no sneaking fries…we know they’re everybody’s favourite! 
Fridge management. Okay, it’s stocking the fridge, but it’s really important when you serve the world’s most popular burger. 
 Qualifications 
 Requirements to be considered for a Shift Leader: 
Minimum 1 year of guest relations experience and/or quick service production experience 
Desire to lead by example and work in a team environment 
Willingness to learn new skills 
Natural Leadership Skills 
Effective communication skills 
Drive to tackle new challenges and succeed at them 
 Additional Information 
 Employee Benefits: 
Health and Dental Coverage 
Free Uniforms 
Off Site Courses and Training 
Advancement opportunities 
Scholarships 
BONUS program 
Flexible shifts 
And much more. . . . . 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
