
 Login 
 
 Job Search 
 Job Seekers
 
 Job Seeker Info 
 Register 
 Employers 
 
 
 Employers
 
 Employer Info 
 Register 
 
 
 Blog 
 Login 
 
 SAIC Jobs 
 View all jobs for the selected employer. 
 Test and Evaluation Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/15/2021 
 SAIC is looking for a Test and Evaluation (T E) Engineer in San Diego, CA. Enginer will support PEO C4I (NIWC) Programs and Projects and has an active Top Secret / SCI clearance to start work. The candidate will act in multiple roles as Tester, in... 
 
 Network Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/15/2021 
 SAIC is looking for a Network Engineer to support system and component level development on a Navy system contract in San Diego, CA. This is an ideal position for someone with Information System/Sys Admin experience background who has maintained a... 
 
 Signal Engineer (SIGINT) Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/14/2021 
 SAIC is looking for a Signals Engineer to support PEO C4I and NAVWAR / NIWC with a TS/SCI clearance familiar with developing, applying and evaluating state-of-the-art signal processing algorithms for sensor systems using sensing technologies to su... 
 
 SCIF System Administrator  
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/14/2021 
 SAIC is looking for System Administrator with a TS/SCI clearance who is experienced in providing administrative and specific job task support in a classified network systems environment or Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) in San... 
 
 Logistics Analyst 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/12/2021 
 SAIC has an immediate opening for a Logistics Planned Maintenance System (PMS) team member to support life cycle maintenance and integrated logistics product support for US Navy C4I systems. This position is able to be worked remotely. Duties Resp... 
 
 Project Manager / Project Scheduler 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/12/2021 
 SAIC is seeking a Project Manager / Project Scheduler to support work taking place for the Navy in San Diego, CA. This position will be apart of a team providing software and engineering support services to produce and deliver software that will (... 
 
 Engineering Technician  
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/08/2021 
 SAIC is hiring an Engineering Technician to support a project in San Diego. This position will support the assembly and integration of analog and digital cables and electronics payloads for use in systems in the realm of signal processing, informa... 
 
 U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Expert 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/06/2021 
 SAIC is in need of a U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Expert to provide subject matter expertise in support of advanced, high-level pre-deployment training in surface warfare to Carrier Strike Groups, Expeditionary Strike Groups, Amphibious Ready Groups/... 
 
 U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Officer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/06/2021 
 SAIC is in need of a career U.S. Navy Surface Warfare Officer to provide surface warfare expertise in support of advanced, high-level pre-deployment training to Expeditionary Strike Groups, Amphibious Ready Groups/Marine Expeditionary Units, Carri... 
 
 Logistics Analyst DOD 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/06/2021 
 SAIC is seeking a Logistics Analyst to support PMW 760 Integration Platform Managers (IPMs) and Assistant Program Manager for Logistics (APM-L) in resolving issues related to New Construction ILS products and deliverables. Note: This role offers t... 
 
 Senior Navy Integrated Air Defense Expert 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/06/2021 
 SAIC is in need of a senior U.S. Navy Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) subject matter expert (SME) to provide advanced, high-level pre-deployment training for Carrier Strike Groups and Expeditionary Strike Groups. This position is for som... 
 
 Data Architect 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/06/2021 
 SAIC’s Chief Data Office (CDO) is seeking a skilled and experienced Data Architect to join the CDO Data Governance team and lead enterprise data architecture efforts for internal business, IT and data organizations. This leading candidate should b... 
 
 Senior Training Analyst 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/04/2021 
 Senior Training AnalystSan Diego, CAThe candidate shall be able to fulfill the role of a Training Logistics Element Manager for the diverse and highly visible portfolio of Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR), Information Operation... 
 
 Senior Logistics Analyst 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 1/04/2021 
 Senior Logistics AnalystSan Diego, CAThe candidate shall be able to plan, develop and support the Logistics processes and procedures to ensure life-cycle management of PEO C4I programs. Provide analytical support for the planning, identification, ... 
 
 Help Desk Technician 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/31/2020 
 SAIC is seeking a Help Desk Technician (TACNET) in San Diego, CA. Note: Must have a minimum active DOD Secret and the ability to work any 8-hour shift assigned including evenings and overnight. About the Position: This role will support the Tactic... 
 
 Fleet Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/15/2020 
 SAIC is seeking a Fleet Engineer (with a DoD SECRET and/or TS/SCI clearance) in San Diego, CA. This role will support the Tactical Networks (TACNET) Capabilities Based In Service Engineering Agent (CB-ISEA). TACNET CB-ISEA supports the sustainment... 
 
 Sr. Waveform Systems Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/11/2020 
 SAIC is seeking a Sr. Systems Engineer in San Diego, CA. Operate as the primary POC for VLF efforts for multiple programs. Provide domain expertise to advise the government on products, system architecture, and engineering support to ensure succes... 
 
 Electrical Engineer  
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/11/2020 
 SAIC is looking for an Electrical Engineer to support a Navy Maritime Unmanned Systems project in the San Diego area. The Electrical Engineer will support the development, integration, testing, and technical documentation of maritime surveillance ... 
 
 React Software Engineer 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/10/2020 
 SAIC is seeking a Senior Software Engineer experienced with React and React Js. This is a permanent / Full-time position that will work alongside a team in support of work taking place in San Diego, CA for the US Navy. An active SECRET DoD clearan... 
 
 Senior Training Analyst 
 SAIC - San Diego, CA - 12/02/2020 
 Location: San Diego, CAA challenging instructor position that equips military students with the knowledge and skills to perform operations, system configuration, system administration, network monitoring, troubleshooting, fault isolation, and rest... 
 
 1 2 
 10 Rows 20 Rows 50 Rows 100 Rows 
 Find us on social media: 
     
 (C)2020 Workforce San Diego 
 Search Jobs 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Privacy Information 
 Terms & Conditions 
