Skip to content 
 
 Skillster Heroes 
 Employability advocacy for Military families 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 info@skillsterheroes.com 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Tag: Job search 
 How to find the right corporate career after leaving the Military services 
   
 Too often, immediately after retirement the Ex-servicemen in transition get into action and start looking for a job without having any useful plan in place. This results in longer job searches or landing into an unworthy career. 
 If you are looking forward to a fulfilling and rewarding corporate job, the first step is  NOT  to jump into a job search! 
 Every job has specific requirements. One should not simply apply with military titles and responsibilities and hope to get hired. You need to assess your qualifications to the job requirements first. Then you need to demonstrate your relevant achievements in terms the employer understands.   Only apply for jobs that match your skills and will help you achieve the career you want. 
 ___Do recognize that a successful and smoother transition takes lots of preparation and time. A comprehensive industry research on businesses of different companies along with the assessment of what you have to offer will equip you with an effective "action plan". _ 
 First develop a list of target employers where you could successfully work in your chosen field. Figure out which function or project you would like to take on. Research the qualifications for those profiles and match them to your qualifications. Fill in the missing qualifications, if needed, with more education or training or certifications. 
 Most of the times, senior executive jobs are not advertised publicly. It is therefore essential for you to identify organisations that are likely to benefit from your skills and experiences. Try understanding their challenges and being the answer. Employers recruit when they need someone to solve a problem – be that person! 
 You also have to do a lot of self-assessment which is often skipped. You must analyse the value you can offer to the potential employer.   By thinking about the problems you can solve for an employer, you will be able to identify your skills, knowledge and experience relevant to his needs. 
 Make a good list of all of the jobs that you performed during various postings, take a stock of all the courses you attended, temporary duties, deputations, cross attachments and operations to determine your transferable skills. 
 Ask several people you trust, your family, friends, colleagues about what they think your strengths are. They can add a lot of information. This step will surely lay a strong foundation for a successful career and a shorter job search. 
 Once you discover your unique selling proposition that most appeal to the right employers be sure your resume and LinkedIn profile demonstrate these relevant attributes. 
 In the resume too often through your military appointments you want employers to know that you can do a lot, in hopes that you will find a job. But civilian employers do not understand ‘Military experience’ or ‘Military competencies’ and how those can be applicable in to civilian jobs. They want to know what you can do for them in terms which they understand. They want you to show why they should hire you. 
 That doesn’t mean you hide   your military background, but your CV should demonstrate why it helps to make you a strong candidate in the corporate world.   Your resume should show your relevant achievements and experiences in terms of your future work. 
 It will be helpful to use numbers, statistics, comparisons and achievements against targets, testimonials, reference quotes and hard data to prove that you can deliver meaningful results. 
 There is a great opportunity out there for you. But it takes all your effort to understand yourself and your goals first to make an effective transition. 
 Believe that you are a high end product having unique combination of knowledge, skills, experience, and attitudes. Corporate employers are unaware of how uniquely qualified you are to help them. It 's your job to make them understand that! 
 __ 
 For more advice on transition plan, get in touch with info@skillsterheroes.com 
 or call +91-7774022021 
 Author   skillsterblog Posted on  September 11, 2017 Tags  Corporate ,  CV ,  Employability ,  Ex-servicemen ,  Job search ,  Military ,  Resume ,  Skills ,  Skillster ,  Supriya Parashar ,  Veterans Leave a comment on How to find the right corporate career after leaving the Military services 
 http://www.skillsterheroes.com 
 Search for: Search 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 info@skillsterheroes.com 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Skillster Heroes   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
