WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Executive Producer 
 Fullbright Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 13, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Portland, OR 
 Remote 
 Fullbright, the creators of acclaimed story exploration games  Gone Home  and  Tacoma , are working on our next project,  Open Roads , in collaboration with  Annapurna Interactive . We seek an experienced Executive Producer to join our team based in Portland, Oregon! 
 ‍ 
 We're looking for someone who loves shipping games to bring their skill and experience to our small but mighty team! The Executive Producer will work directly with Fullbright's Creative Director, Leads group, and our publisher to manage the production budget, the team's priorities and schedule, and coordinate with external contractors and other resources to get our narrative game currently in production shipped in a high-quality, timely, humane manner. After this game, you'll be there to help establish our next project and guide it from day zero. 
 _ 
_  Requirements: 
 
 At least five years games industry experience, with multiple commercial games shipped as a Producer, Senior Producer, or Executive Producer. 
 Excel at keeping many priorities in motion between project schedule/budget, team goals/dependencies, external communication & delivery, and team morale needs. 
 Experience being the primary point of contact with the publisher during development, certification, release, and post-release. 
 Experience researching, negotiating, onboarding and managing outsource/contract resources. 
 Clear and professional communication skills. 
 Love for narrative-driven video games.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Bonuses: 
 
 Master of Spreadsheets. 
 Experience maintaining an Agile Scrum approach to project management. 
 Experience using Jira for project/task/sprint management and Notion for planning/documentation/collaboration.  ‍  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Candidates must be local to Portland, Oregon or residents of the U.S. that are excited to (eventually)  relocate to our verdant mini-metropolis  (once the age of covid passes; relocation reimbursement available)*. We offer a comfortable living wage, a monthly tax-free health insurance stipend, generous paid vacation days, paid parental leave, a crunch-free schedule, and the opportunity to work on small, high-quality games with a small, high-quality team! 
 ‍ 
 *AN IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT HIRING IN THE TIME OF CORONAVIRUS: While in the longterm this position is on-site and in person, we take the current global health crisis very seriously. Our entire team is working from home until further notice; we 'll be doing this hiring process entirely remotely, and you'll start this position working remotely from your current location, until such a time as folks are given the all-clear to begin traveling and working together in an office again. 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply: 
 If this sounds like you, please  email us  your resume, a little about yourself, and why you'd be a great fit for our team. We can't wait to hear from you. 
 At Fullbright we're committed to diversity and inclusion. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace; we enthusiastically encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply. 
 ‍ 
 About Open Roads 
 One fine fall day, Tess Devine and her mother Opal discover a cache of old notes and letters carefully stashed away in the attic of their house. Hints of deep-rooted family secrets, decades-old burglaries, a lost treasure somewhere near the Canadian border... What they uncover suggests a much darker mystery, best left well enough alone.  ‍ 
 But that’s not going to happen. 
 In Open Roads, Tess and Opal embark on a road trip adventure to explore a series of long-abandoned family properties, unearthing the past. They’ll search the ruins of these places that hold buried memories, things Opal has tried for years to forget. And in this search, they'll discover not just the truth they've been seeking, but each other. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ ** 
** 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 Homo Ludens is hiring a Associate Producerto join their team into work fromParis, FRAssociate ProducerHomo Ludens | Paris, FRLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
