Stay-at-home-Yeti 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 Tag Archives: most unsual career 
 July 26, 2012 * 10:39 am 
 Back to the Future 
 As someone pointed out recently on  Facebook , we are now living in the era depicted as the  far-off future  in the  Back To The Future  movies. Weird, huh? Remember when July of 2012 seemed like, well, twenty-plus years away? Man, time really does fly, and nothing reminds you of it more than attending your 25th high school reunion. 
 That's right, the weekend I'd been dreading and  dieting  for -- sadly,  Project X  went out the window and stayed out most of the weekend -- happened last weekend, and the good news is, I survived. Actually, I had a blast. I didn't attend my 20th reunion, so, I don't have a frame of reference here, but, my tenth sucked ass. Seriously, it was terrible. Everyone was showing off their degrees, their fancy new jobs, and just like everyone else, all I wanted to do was win the "Most Unusual Career" award. 
 I know it sounds stupid now, but, I had recently sold a couple of scripts and I was obsessed with winning that stupid award. And then I won it and nothing changed. Nobody cared that I was a professional motion picture screenwriter except me. And, honestly, even I didn't care that much at that point. It was so lame. And on top of all that, the actual event was super boring and they didn't even play 80's music! 
 So, when the 20th rolled around and we already had plans to be in  Graceland  for  Elvis Week 2007 , I figured I wasn't missing much, so, we skipped it. The people I know who went said it was pretty lame too, so, I guess people were still preening and trying to one-up one another. You know, by like lusting after cheesy awards and shit. How embarrassing… 
 But by the 25th, well, let me tell ya, nobody cares what you do or where you live, all they wanna do is party down and reminisce about the old days. There are no more egos, almost everyone is fatter (thank God!) and way older looking than you remember, but, seriously, the best part about it was that nobody cares about any of that high school bullshit that used to seem so damned important. All that mattered last weekend was that you were healthy and alive, the rest of it just kind of faded away in the ether like smoke from a clove cigarette. 
 Another cool thing about the weekend is that there were actually two separate events on Saturday night. The official 25th High School Reunion and a smaller, less-formal multi-year gathering organized by the drama mags at a bar downtown. I was never in drama, but, my  brother  and many of our good friends lived and died by the drama mag code of honor, so, we ditched out of the official party early and headed downtown to join the fun. 
 We missed everything but the tail end of the official drama mag party, but, luckily, caught up with the gang just as they were heading to the "after-party" at the home of one of my oldest childhood friends. So, we hopped back in the car and headed to Safeway for booze -- we bought wine coolers for old times sake, and lemme tell ya, time has not been kind to  Bartles & James . Seriously, cough medicine has more subtlety of flavor. Yikes! -- and then descended upon Susan's house in a swarm. 
 The party itself was kind of a blur of laughter and crazy drama mag antics. We ate, we drank, we talked and even though I didn't get nearly as drunk as I would have liked to -- um, hello, I am a father now -- spending time with people who knew you when was kind of magical. It really was… 
 Of course, getting back in sync with real life once we returned home has been brutal -- let's just say it's been a long week with lots of sleep-deprived temper tantrums, fits of rage and screaming, and that's just on my end -but, sometimes, the memories of a really amazing weekend can get you through anything. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Daddy stuff 
 Tagged as  '80's music ,  drama mags ,  eats ,  Elvis Week ,  Elvis Week 2007 ,  fun ,  Graceland ,  high school reunions ,  losing weight for a reunion ,  Memphis ,  most unsual career ,  official high school reunion ,  Project X ,  road trip ,  Santa Cruz ,  Stay-at-home-Dad ,  stay-at-home-fatherhood ,  Stay-at-home-Yeti ,  weekend fun 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Greta's Dance Recital (2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" 
 Greta's My Little Pony-themed Birthday Party (2015) 
 National Pancake Day (2015) 
 Leonard Nimoy (1931-2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Kumiko the Treasure Hunter" 
 Oscar Wrap-up (2015) 
 Oscar Ads (2015) 
 Oscar Party Food (2015) 
 Happy Meal Sweethearts Plush 
 Beck: "Morning Phase" 
 Limited Edition: Red Velvet Oreos 
 Trailer Thursday: "The Slap" 
 Oscar Nominees 2015 
 Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Most Popular Posts 
 
 Greta's Dance Recital (2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" 
 Greta's My Little Pony-themed Birthday Party (2015) 
 National Pancake Day (2015) 
 Leonard Nimoy (1931-2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Kumiko the Treasure Hunter" 
 Oscar Wrap-up (2015) 
 Oscar Ads (2015) 
 Oscar Party Food (2015) 
 Happy Meal Sweethearts Plush 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jul 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 27,277 hits 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Oscar Ads (2015) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 Cathy on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Princess Book Party 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 Nina  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Moms Demand Action's coo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Tweets 
 
 RT @ TheLibraryStore : Midweek Mindfulness: Balance those chakras!  #health   #wellness   #chakras   #gemstones   #awareness   #intuition   #communication …  11 hours ago 
 RT @ IlhanMN : Elections have consequences. Biden within hours of taking the oath of office was able to: revoke Muslim ban, rejoin Paris Cl…  11 hours ago 
 RT @ Reuters : Democrat Joe Biden, who was sworn in as president of the United States, declared that ‘democracy has prevailed’  https://t.co/W…   11 hours ago 
 RT @ ReutersPolitics : Biden takes sweeping Day One action on energy, climate, immigration   reut.rs/2NoDK5n   https://t.co/bGO99uTLXZ   12 hours ago 
 @ FlyingPhotog  @ thatjohn  Exactly. It is definitely not your job to change her mind. But you sure as shit can put her…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   16 hours ago 
 Follow @TNRomero 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Albee Baby 
 Apple Store 
 At Home Dad 
 At Home Dads Convention 
 Criterion Collection 
 Internet Movie Database 
 Jamie Oliver 
 Make. See. Eat. Do. 
 Plan Toys 
 Planet Greta 
 Pottery Barn Kids 
 Skip*Hop 
 Sleeping Should Be Easy 
 Strand Books 
 The Land of Nod 
 The Library Store Blog 
 The Writer's Store 
 Writers Guild of America 
 
 
 
 Follow This Blog 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 26 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Stay-at-home-Yeti  * totally random thoughts on movies, writing and the gleeful insanity of stay-at-home-fatherhood… 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
