  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Head of Growth 
 at Switchd 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Company Description 
 Switchd is an automated energy switching and green home start-up with a mission to save people time, money and hassle. We've got a product that customers love (which we're always improving), great reviews and we've raised funding from a sustainable energy investor and one of the biggest banks in the UK. 
 The founders, Tom and Llewellyn, became friends while working at Newton Europe, an operations and data focussed management consultancy. Before Newton, Tom studied economics then worked for IBM and as a developer in various start-ups. Llewellyn studied Materials Science at Cambridge and was then a full-time cyclist for a couple of years, racing for teams in Belgium and France. 
 The core auto-switching service has saved £millions for thousands of UK households and stopped 1000's of tons of carbon. We're also launching some exciting new tech to help people reduce their carbon footprint and make their homes greener! 
 The journey has been awesome so far and what's to come is shaping up to be even better! We're looking for someone to join the team, join the journey and share in the success as we continue to grow. 
 This role will have a huge amount of development opportunity as you'll be leading and owning growth across the company, with the power to drive the priorities and strategic direction. 
 Your Role 
 We're looking for a Head of Growth to join our team and help us both accelerate growth for Switchd and explore channels for the Greenscore product. You'll have real freedom to completely own growth and an opportunity to drive the direction and strategy at the exciting stage of a startup! 
 Reporting directly to the founders and as part of the leadership team, you will be involved in company-wide strategy and be the driving force behind growth strategy. You will also get your hands dirty! Creating, implementing and analysing growth experiments and optimising existing channels with the team - from PPC and partnerships to referral and retention campaigns. 
 You'll need a data-driven, test-and-learn mindset that you can apply to a Growth Process. We believe that the best way to grow is to regularly test new, innovative ideas to find out what our customers want. Some work, some don't, but we learn and improve from all of them! 
 You'll need to be able to demonstrate that you can learn, adopt and scale new channels. You'll have the autonomy to devise and implement new tests to work out where and how to grow our user base, and be excited at the challenge of turning successful experiments into ongoing activity. 
 Key responsibilities and areas of ownership 
 
 Running the Growth Process to generate and prioritise ideas, and turn them into conclusive tests. 
 Producing and presenting regular Growth reporting. 
 Able to work on new and innovative ideas and test them rapidly. 
 Working with freelancers where necessary to produce high-quality creatives and customer experience. 
 Ensuring that projects and campaigns are completed on time. 
 Managing other members of the growth team who are running experiments and leading on our acquisition partnerships. 
 Taking responsibility for all things Growth at Switchd - wherever you see an opportunity to have an impact on the numbers! 
 
 What we 're looking for 
 If you don't see yourself in all of the below but think you'd be great at this role please do still apply, we'd love to hear from you! 
 
 Experience of leading efforts to drive an unknown product to rapid and consistent growth levels MoM 
 Experience running tests or experiments across multiple channels. 
 Strategic thinker so you can drive the priority and direction of growth strategy. 
 Able to come up with new and original ideas. 
 Good handle on the numbers and reporting. 
 An intelligent, driven individual who's keen to learn and develop. 
 Well organised and time effective. 
 Great energy, proactivity and persistence. 
 
 Company Perks 
 
 Brand new offices in Holborn (with remote working whilst we're still in lockdown) 
 Competitive salary, based on experience. 
 Equity/shares in the company, so you can share in the Growth! 
 Regular feedback and training sessions to help you develop. 
 Pension to help you prepare for the future. 
 Free Friday team lunches at the local market. 
 Quarterly away days, Summer and Christmas parties! 
 Unlimited tea, coffee, biscuits, fruit etc...   :) 
 
 Published at 8 Jan 2021 - Expires on 8 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
