Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sessional Instructor, Psychiatric Nursing Clinical Courses 
 Grant MacEwan University 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 MacEwan University inspires students through a powerful combination of academic excellence and personal learning experiences. Located in culturally enriched, downtown Edmonton, our comprehensive undergraduate university offers over 65 programs to 19,000 full- and part-time students. With a dedication to teaching excellence informed by scholarly research and creative activity, MacEwan provides an exceptional collaborative and supportive learning environment with a commitment to environmental sustainability and opportunities for community engagement. In support of faculty professional development, unique and enhanced services are provided through the MacEwan Office of Teaching and Learning Services. 
 MacEwan University has a long-standing history of providing quality nursing education that is relevant and reflective of current nursing practice in the province and across Canada. The university’s Faculty of Nursing includes the Department of Nursing Foundations, the Department of Human Health and Science, the Department of Health Systems and Sustainability, the Department of Nursing Practice and the Department of Professional Nursing and Allied Health. 
 Within this department structure, the Faculty of Nursing offers a highly rated two- and one-half-year Psychiatric Nursing Diploma program, delivered in Edmonton or Ponoka, and a post-diploma Bachelor of Psychiatric Nursing, delivered via online/distance technologies. 
 Applications are invited for Sessional Instructors interested in teaching Psychiatric Nursing Diploma Program clinical courses during the Winter Term, 2021. Opportunities currently exist within the Ponoka and Edmonton regions to teach Psychiatric Nursing students in a clinical placement one day per week (e.g. Mondays) from January to April 2021. These placements occur in a variety of settings including, but not limited to, senior’s care or long-term care settings. Other opportunities exist to cover 2nd year psychiatric nursing program clinical placements in both the Ponoka and Edmonton regions. These placements occur four days per week over a five-week period and they can occur in a variety of clinical settings including acute adult inpatient psychiatry, community mental health and a large variety of special populations. Applicants must hold at minimum a baccalaureate degree in Psychiatric Nursing or Nursing and have a minimum of three years of current nursing practice within an acute care setting. Licensure or eligibility for licensure with the College of Registered Psychiatric Nurses of Alberta (CRPNA) is required. 
 The successful candidate will have enthusiasm for teaching, an appreciation for inter-professional collaboration, solid nursing knowledge, and strong interpersonal skills. 
 Questions about these opportunities should be directed to Dr. Brian Parker, Chair, Department of Nursing Foundations, at parkerb5@macewan.ca or Dr. Paul Kerr, Chair, Department of Human Health and Science, at kerrp7@macewan.ca. 
 How to Apply: 
Only applications received electronically will be considered. To apply, go to http://www.macewan.ca/careers and select the job posting. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, a copy of current RPN registration, and names and contact information of three references. 
 Thank you for your interest in employment with MacEwan University. We will be reviewing all applications to select the candidates whose qualifications and experience most closely meet our needs. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. 
For general inquiries, please contact us at careers@macewan.ca. 
 This position is included under the Faculty Association collective agreement. 
 MacEwan University is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage Indigenous people, persons living with a disability, sexual and gender minorities, women, and members of all minority groups to apply and to self-identify. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
