UserName 
 Password 
 Login 
 1-800-562-0899 
   
 
 Home 
 Become A KOA Work Kamper 
 
 Become A KOA Work Kamper   KOA Work Kamper FAQs   Benefits   Code of Conduct   Sample Jobs 
 
 Education 
 
 Testimonials   Work Kamper of the Year Criteria   Work Kamper of the Year Awarded   Learn More About KOA   How to Use KOA U Online Certification Tracks 
 
 Tips 
 
 I’m a member! What do I do now?   How to Make a Good First Impression   How to Prepare a Great Resume   How to Interview Your Interviewer   Job Acceptance Best Practices   Snag a Work Kamper Job   Tips from a KOA Campground   Travel Certificate Reminders 
 
 Blog 
 Job Search 
 
 LOGIN 
 Snag a Work Kamper Job 
 
 I'm a member! What do I do now? 
 How to Make a Good First Impression 
 How to Prepare a Great Resume 
 How to Interview Your Interviewer 
 Job Acceptance Best Practices 
 Snag a Work Kamper Job 
 Tips from a KOA Campground 
 Travel Certificate Reminders 
 
 So you've found a Work Kamper position you're interested in? OK great, let us help you land that job! Applying for a Work Kamper position is a little different than applying for your average job. Your resume is set up in WorkAtKOA.com, but your cover letter should be something you put some extra effort into. Because a cover letter is the first introduction to a potential employer, you want to make a great impression. Grammar and punctuation count, so make sure to proofread! Have your spouse or a friend read it over as well. A second set of eyes is invaluable to the editing process. 
 You will want to explain why you want to be a Work Kamper, and describe your skills and abilities. Make sure to be honest in your cover letter, and be honest with yourself about what you have the capability and desire to do. Although the job can be a blast, it is also hard work. If you can't or don't want to lift heavy things, stoop and bend, or work in the extreme heat of summer, don't apply for jobs that require such tasks of you. Your experience will be much more pleasant if you are working in an appropriate work environment. 
 While you may expect the KOA owner to interview you, you may not realize you should also be interviewing the owner. You need to make sure that the campground and management will be a fit for you so that you enjoy your time as a Work Kamper. Prepare for the interview by writing down some questions you have about the job, such as "What is your management style?", or "What does a typical day on the job look like?". These enquiries can help you decide if the position, manager, and campground will be a good fit for you. 
 Don't forget to upload a picture of your RV. Campgrounds need to make sure your rig is in good condition. If there is missing information on your resume, cover letter, or RV picture, you may be passed over even if you are a perfect fit for the job. Again, this is where proofreading can save you! 
 Your Work Kamper support team is here to help, so if you have further questions don't hesitate to email us at  welovekamping@koa.net . Happy job hunting! 
  Purchase Your Membership Now __    Renew Your Membership Now __    How to become a KOA Work Kamper __ 
 Contact Us 
 (C) 2021 Kampgrounds of America. All rights reserved. 
 
 
  KOA.com  
 
 
  Directory  
 
 
  Blog  
 
 
  Connect  
 
 
