WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allBusiness & Operationsjobs 
 VP, Digital Gaming 
 Exploding Kittens Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 6, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Los Angeles 
 Remote 
 Exploding Kittens is a leading game and entertainment company with a mission to inspire people to connect, laugh, and play fun games in the physical world. After initially seeking to raise $10k through Kickstarter, Exploding Kittens’ campaign raised $8.7M in 30 days from 219,000 backers. To date, Exploding Kittens is the #1 most-backed project in Kickstarter history and the company has sold over 11 million games. 
 Started by former Xbox game designer Elan Lee and The Oatmeal’s founder Matt Inman, Exploding Kittens and its family of games recreates game night for a humorous and fun person-to-person experience. Today, there are seven games available for purchase: Exploding Kittens, Bears vs Babies, You’ve Got Crabs, Throw Throw Burrito, Throw Throw Burrito: Extreme, On a Scale of One to T-Rex, and Poetry for Neanderthals, as well as an Exploding Kittens mobile app that is one of the top 30 premium games on both iOS and Android.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 THE JOB:  ‍ 
 Exploding Kittens is seeking to hire a full-time Vice President, Digital Gaming to join our fast-paced and growing team. As the Company seeks to expand its digital lines of business, this is an executive role in which you will lead the strategy and execution of digital gaming and online experiences. In this role, you will work closely with the Company’s founders and senior management to bring Exploding Kittens’ premium IP into the digital world and out to the passionate Exploding Kittens fanbase. You will be responsible for helping create fun and novel experiences that embody the spirit of Exploding Kittens games. 
 ‍ 
 **JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
** 
 
 Define and execute Exploding Kittens’ digital gaming strategy in partnership with the founders and senior management 
 Leverage Exploding Kittens’ premium IP to ideate, prototype, and develop new digital gaming concepts across all digital platforms and across all monetization strategies 
 Work with internal teams as well as with third party developers, studios, and publishers to bring internal concepts through development and out to market 
 Execute on various internally developed “skunkworks” online experiences, and bring them to market quickly and as needed 
 Own and manage third party developer, studio, and publisher relationships and actively seek out new opportunities and partnerships 
 Manage and continue to expand our existing mobile and digital products 
 Understand trends and developments in the mobile market 
 Oversee game lifecycle management, including live ops strategy with a focus on the key areas of paid user acquisition/performance marketing, game data analytics, and monetization/retention 
 Develop and execute on a hiring and growth plan for the digital team and oversee daily operations of the digital team 
 Oversee the digital P&L including P&L creation, management, and budgeting for the department 
 
 ‍ 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Demonstrated experience as a key stakeholder in overseeing the successful development and launch of digital gaming products 
 5 plus years of experience as a General Manager or Development Director at a video game company, mobile experience preferred 
 Ability to drive creative strategies, think outside the box, produce original ideas, and bring them to life 
 Well versed in game and product development best practices including milestone planning and schedule management 
 Demonstrated experience in building and managing a digital gaming team 
 Appetite for working in a fast-paced, diverse, and entrepreneurial environment 
 Exceptional analytical and organizational skills, and exceptional verbal, written, and presentation skills 
 Based in Los Angeles (though currently WFH until 2021) 
 
 ‍ 
 BENEFITS & PERKS: 
 
 Company paid medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your family 
 Flexible spending account options (medical, dependent care, transit) 
 401k with company matching 
 Flexible paid vacation 
 Executive coaching program 
 Monthly wellness benefit + complimentary wellness subscriptions 
 Complimentary lunches on Fridays (where we play games together!) 
 
 ‍ 
 Please apply directly at  jobs.lever.co/explodingkittens . Make sure to include a PDF of your current resume along with a cover letter. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Exploding Kittens is hiring a VP, Digital Gamingto join their team into work fromLos AngelesVP, Digital GamingExploding Kittens | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Humble Bundle is hiring a Associate Business Developerto join their team into work fromAnywhereAssociate Business DeveloperHumble Bundle | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunderful is hiring a Publishing & Sales Managerto join their team into work fromGothenburg, SEPublishing & Sales ManagerThunderful | Gothenburg, SELearn More 
 Cloudhead Games is hiring a General Managerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGeneral ManagerCloudhead Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Game Data Scientistto join their team into work fromLondon, UKGame Data ScientistTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Trail is hiring a Developer Evangelistto join their team into work fromStockholm, SEDeveloper EvangelistTrail | Stockholm, SELearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
