[+30 2106109119](tel:+30 2106109119)  contact@workathlon.com 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Get Started 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English 
 
 
 Ελληνικα (Greek) 
 
 
   
 
 About Us 
 For Employers 
 Career Days 
 Blog 
 Academy 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Upload your resume 
 Workathlon  >  Workathlon's Guides  > How to get closer to your desired job position 
 How to get closer to your desired job position 
 23/09/2019  wmsadmin   Workathlon's Guides ,  Οδηγοί της Workathlon 
 
 by  Anthi Maneta , HR Manager | Kanava Hotels & Resorts 
 September is here and so it is the final countdown of hotel employees who work in seasonal jobs. For some of you, September is your last month, for others the last month is October and for a few more the last month is November…Winter vacation plans and gatherings with family and friends left behind for all these months, are the first thoughts that come up to your mind these days. But once that stage is over, insecurity knocks on your door. And now what? Should I search for a winter job? Should I work again next summer on a seasonal job? Should I return to my last company for a second or third time in a row? And if I want to return, will they want me back? Was I good enough? 
 The bad news is that it is a little bit late to think about your performance and do any corrective actions, after the end of the season. This is something that you need to do daily during the season but because it has nothing to do with our topic, we can talk about it in another article. 
 The good news is that there is a really high demand in jobs in Hospitality Industry and by following the tips below, it is more possible that you will be closer to your desired job position soon! 
 RELATED ARTICLE 
 Hard VS Soft Skills: Hospitality Edition 
 To start with, you need a Resume 
 And when we say a “Resume” in 2019, we mean a real one – written on a PC and not a handwritten one.  Moreover, the message “My name is Mitsos and I am looking for a job. I have 10 years experience” written in the body of an email and sent randomly in 45 companies, I am sorry to say it, but this is not considered to be a resume. In the era of Google and free, limitless information across the Internet, it is not really acceptable that you don’t know how to make a resume. 
 On the other hand, you may not be computer literate – although let’s admit it…everyone has Facebook and/or Instagram – that’s fine! I accept that. However, I am sure you have friends or relatives that can help you with that. No? That’s fine as well. There are experienced companies, specialized in creating resumes or even prepare you for an interview. There are multiple solutions, as long as you are willing to search for them and take actions. 
 **RELATED ARTICLE 
** How to get closer to your desired job position | Part 2  HERE 
 The layout 
 Let’s go over to see the basics of what a good resume is. I’ll start with the  layout . A good resume follows the basic rules of spelling, syntax and grammar. It also has a consistency in its format. That has to do with the Fonts and the paragraph alignment you have used. Finally, there is a logical sequence followed in the whole resume. For example, all work experience – related information goes together. They are not mixed up with education, training or certifications which are mentioned in different parts of the resume.  And as an extra tip here:  when it comes to work experience, I would urge you to start from your last – most recent job and not your initial one. You need to keep in mind that a recruiter spends only some seconds to read your resume among hundreds of other that he/she receives daily. 
 RELATED ARTICLE 
 Stay updated in the latest Trends per department 
 The size 
 In addition,  I have to tell you that  a resume which is more than 2 pages, usually contains a lot of “chatter” . It happens to be what we call “too much information” that doesn’t need to be written on the resume but rather discussed on the interview. Especially when you do NOT have 30 years of experience and you are NOT a Professor with numerous articles and publications on your portfolio, you have absolutely no reason to spend extra pages on your resume. 
 Information accuracy 
 It is crucial that you provide  accurate information   about your previous jobs . A statement such as: “Season 2019 – I was working as a Cook in a hotel” is not accurate at all. You need to be specific in order to stand out among many other candidates. You need to mention the exact duration of your work (in months if it is seasonal or years), your exact job title (in this case for example: Cook A, B or C), the hotel/restaurant or company name, the location and even the classification of the hotel – especially when it is 4 or 5 stars – could really be an added value for your resume. 
 The photo 
 Finally, in order to finish with the basics of a resume and move on to the interview (which is a “hotter” topic for everyone!) I will make a special reference to the photo that is considered appropriate for use in a resume. First of all, it is your right not to include a photo in your resume or any other personal information such as age or nationality etc. if you think that you will be discriminated. However,  if you do decide to use a photo in your resume  , make sure it is a recent (not 10 years ago), discreet, professional and socially acceptable one. Photos from summer vacations, beaches, family gatherings, nightlife are great for your personal album but not for your resume. Trust me! 
 A catchy and relevant with the requirements of the advertised available position resume will definitely give you more chances to be called for an interview. But what do you really need to do before or during the interview to stand out? Stay tuned for the next steps that will bring you closer to your desired job. Coming soon from Anthi Maneta! Only at Workathlon! 
 
 Tags: candidate   hospitality   hospitalityindustry   i am looking for a job   φιλοξενια 
  __Share on Facebook     __Share on Twitter  
 You may also like 
 
 24/02/2020   Workathlon's Guides 
 How to get closer to your desired job position | Part 2 
 Read more 
 
 15/10/2019   Workathlon's Guides 
 Ready for the race of sourcing great candidates? 
 Read more 
 
 10/09/2019   Workathlon's Guides 
 I want you in my team! Do you want me as your employer? 
 Read more 
 About 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 See how it works 
 Services 
 Pricing 
 My Blog 
 Workathlon x Pacha Collaboration 
 
 Latest Posts 
 
 Individual hotel feedback culture in the Covid-19 era 
 New entry in the Greek market: Meet Pacha Group! 
 Employers: Communication, Trust & Coronavirus 
 6 Books for Self-Improvement & Development 
 Stress Management & Coronavirus: Self - Care Chapter 
 
 Additional links 
 
 Terms and conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Help 
 Contact us 
 
 Workathlon 
 The award winning hospitality recruiting software. Better talents, better opportunities with one click. 
 Follow us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Workathlon 2020. All rights reserved. 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 See how it works 
 Services 
 Pricing 
 My Blog 
 Workathlon x Pacha Collaboration 
 
 __ 
 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.AcceptDecline 
   
