  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 JQuery Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance jQuery Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/jquery) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Programming expert 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 2 
 Looking for a professional programming developer who create a cheat script for a game called "Growtopia". I require freelancers with the necessary skills and knowledge to do the task. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Game 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  A. A. Last reply: 5 days ago  Kenya 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Ecommerce Project Development 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 29 
 Requirements: 
 We want to create a multi-platform eCommerce project written in PHP from scratch, with a marketplace similar to Wish, eBay, and/or Amazon. 
 We don’t want you to use CMS like Prestashop, WordPress, Woocommerce, Dokan, Shopify, etc… It is a personalized code written from scratch using up-to-date technologies. 
 Characteristics: 
•    Responsive 
•    Multilanguage 
•    Marketplace 
•    Develop the mobile (android and iPhone) and web applications 
•    Mobile & Website features 
o    Find your Vendor or Products 
o    Users can see a list of products for specific vendors 
o    Products details 
o    Order tracking 
o    Etc… 
•    Etc … 
 Skills: 
•    PHP 
•    MySQL 
•    AJAX 
•    Bootstrap 
•    jQuery 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  E. P. D. Last reply: 3 days ago  Dominican Republic 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Last month 
 Ruby On Rails Engineer 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 8 
 PartnerHero is a company that is transforming outsourcing. The BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) / call center sector has seen little innovation over the past 30 years and is perhaps better known for creating factory-like conditions that are unsustainable for employees and the businesses they serve. 
 That’s where we come in. 
 Our vision is to combine professional services (outsourcing), technology (software), and insights (data) to create value and drive success for our partners. We are quality and culture first, and we build highly customized remote teams for some of the world’s most exciting startups. Companies like Etsy, Udemy, Rachio, Duet, and BentoBox look to us when needing to build and scale their customer support, sales, software testing, design and general operations. 
We are known for our focus and expertise in supporting fast-growing startups and addressing their unique needs. Read more about our Core Values and story here. 
 About the Role 
PartnerHero is looking for a smart, driven, enthusiastic Ruby On Rails Engineer to join our team. We are a collective focused on solving problems and facilitating solutions for a wealth of companies. This is a chance to be part of a growing organization that is dedicated to engineering best practices, as well as continually providing opportunities for professional growth. 
We are results-driven, nimble, and we thrive in experimentation and rapid iteration. 
 We are looking for candidates with deep SaaS and eCommerce experience, a strong sense of ownership, and who are proficient in scaling Ruby On Rails and managing a Product team. 
 As a PartnerHero RoR Engineer, you will help stakeholders prioritize what needs to be improved on the platform, as well as manage the development of an existing Engineering team. Your responsibilities will range from ideation and architectural planning to hands-on implementation and testing. You must be able (and excited) to accept responsibility for scaling an enterprise-grade SaaS product. 
 What You Bring to the Table 
3+ years of experience with Ruby on Rails, along with other common libraries such as RSpec 
Knowledge and experience in scaling RoR applications 
Experience working with MySQL databases 
Experience with DevOps is preferred 
Demonstrable knowledge of front-end technologies such as Javascript, html, css, and jquery 
2+ years of relevant, hands-on experience working on an engineering team 
scrum or agile experience is a plus 
 what you can expect 
write clean, maintainable, and efficient code 
work with the support team to improve the system based on the user's needs and feedback 
contribute to building the best possible systems that will be used by hundreds of users 
research & recommend new technologies, set best practices & coding standards 
contribute to keeping high code quality through refactoring & automated testing 
 what we provide you 
competitive salary compensation based on experience 
permanent contract 
competitive salary compensation based on experience in usd 
attractive benefits package such as medical, dental, and vision (determined by location) 
training opportunities provided by partnerhero and outside entities 
ability to own your career and determine your next move at partnerhero 
equipment needed to be successful in your role 
 why partnerhero? 
we are people, not numbers. 
 Join a people-focused company where you can make an impact. We strive on being a diverse community of exceptional people and can guarantee you will have the opportunity to learn and grow while working with us. 
 PartnerHero is an equal opportunity employer and upholds a zero-tolerance policy for discrimination or harassment of any kind. We are not simply committed to diversity - we celebrate it and foster it within the core ethos of our community. We know that diversity makes us stronger for our people, our partners, and the customers we support by being representative and inclusive of a variety of backgrounds, skills and perspectives. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  G. B. M. Last reply: Last month  Brazil 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Evoting application web design for the election of the head of the ... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 8 
 Admin creates a user for voters and candidates for neighborhood chairman, voters can vote by personal through the website and can only do one election in the election, candidates can provide their vision and mission through the candidate's access rights menu and can see the provisional results and final results of the election in chart form pie chart 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. P. Indonesia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 Classic Asp developer 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We are looking for Classic ASP developer with solid experience in that technology, with English conversational skills. 
We are working with a company that provides industry-leading enterprise SaaS solutions to government transportation and environmental organizations in the US. 
 Their products support a diverse range of critical workflows for agencies planning the US’s vast transportation infrastructure. They have built a software that transforms data into integrated real-time insights enabling the management of transportation improvement projects worth hundreds of billions of dollars. Their SaaS solutions are also extensively utilized in integrating workflow and data sets for the management of environmental projects. 
 They have a nimble and entrepreneurial team of multi-talented individuals who care deeply about their commitments to customers and to each other. What they value the most is collaboration, humility, accountability, efficiency, and a relentless drive for excellence. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Other 
 Other roles needed  : DB developer 
 Published by:  D. R. Argentina 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Frontend Developer 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 4 
 Looking for a front end developer that can assist me delivering templates to use with different systems. 
 The HTML part of projects might use twig, blade or php. 
CSS3 and Javascript (most of the time with jQuery). 
 Developer should have a work environment in either Mac or Linux due to the heavy usage of Docker and Docker Compose for the projects. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. M. L. Last reply: 3 months ago  Costa Rica 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 4 months ago 
 Frontend Developer - React/Angular - Javascript 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 11 
 I need a software developer with expertise on: 
- Javascript 
- React and/or Angular 
- TypeScript, Es6 
- mvc patterns 
- html, css 
- intermediate level of english required. 
 Salary in USD. Full-time position 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  D. C. Last reply: 3 months ago  Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
