My journey on becoming full-time designer. 
 A great WordPress.com site 
 Tag Archives: Job Hunt Roulette 
 September 4, 2012  by   katdesigner 
 My Life Is Far Too Exciting! 
 Kat doodles about life: 
 Hello guys! 
 Thank You so much for all your support, liking, following and everything else You have done for me recently. I appreciate all the attention coming from all around the world!!! So now back to business. I know you have probably wondered, where I have gone, but believe me although I was, still am, very busy with making pots and pans clean and shiny, I did not forget. I have been thinking about the blog at all the times. Even when I walk to work every morning through Whiteladies Road here in Bristol! There are so many amazing designer (mainly interior design and furniture) shops and I am thinking I have to tell you more!!! Now I have been making notes about little topics and articles I want to write about, so brace yourself and expect very soon me going on about these and many more subjects: 
 1. Young lady called Baduade. I came across her drawing as a feature in The Times newspaper. I will be posting more straight after this post. 
 2. I am learning French again. Well attempting! My beautiful French teacher Camille has got a lot of patience and I am introducing her to beauties of English language and magic of "being British". 
 3. Newspaper Metro had recently very interesting article about Job Hunt Roulette by John Lees. So definitely one to follow for all of You looking for a job. 
 4. What else can be Ikea tape measure used for? (I know this not the answer, but did you get Your new Ikea catalogue through the door yet?…Ooooh I know what are You thinking:-)Better hide that debit card! 
 5. I have been thinking about this for years: People, who design dishwashers, have never been kitchen porters before! Otherwise…. 
 6. Bookcases. I will be exploring this more as mine is overflowing. And whenever someone says bookcase I always think of my best friend Jan Sipek and his beautiful wall covered with books and simple wooden shelves. I will do my best to get a picture for You to see. 
 7. Mathmos lamp. Magical geeky lamp. To me this is a symbol of a Czech film Samotari (Loners). I watch it everytime I feel homesick. 
 8. Sizes of rooms. How do we perceive them? Where is the door? Can the double bed fit in it? Does it fit only in one corner? Do we look for the rooms with high ceilings or cosy little rooms with angled roof. I have been recently visiting few houses and it got me thinking. Size versus purpose of the room. 
 9. My friend's blog- it is so cool! His actual nickname is a Good and he blogs in Czech, but definitely makes my days better. Once You find a good online translator, you will never want to stop reading his blog. 
 10. I got myself a design project!!! Redesigning a pad of two bachelors including sorting a lot of hoard. All of You who know me, you can imagine how excited how I am. 
 11. I am planning on posting few pictures from my garden. Otherwise getting ready for the autumn. Slugs definitely won this season! 
 12. I am obsessed with storage boxes and storage solutions, so there will be more of that coming up. 
 13. Ikea-once again. They have fantastic blog called Ikea Live. 
 14. This wonderful lady Michelle, who I admire very much, has been going on about Coworking in Cardiff for the last few months and now finally something is happening. She has one husband, two businesses to take care of and three awesome children, who I had the chance to babysit good few times. I don't how she does it, but let me tell You, she is one to watch! 
 15. I passed Certificate of Proficiency in English! After eight years of waiting and trying to gain the confidence, here it is. Confirmed by Cambridge! 
 16. Start to my part-time course Designing for Interiors at City Bristol of College is in less than two weeks. I am sooo excited! Unbelievable! 
 That's it for now! Now you cannot tell me I have not been thinking of YOU! Lots of love from Kat xxx 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  All Posts ,  Kat Doodles About Life ,  Kat Speaks About Languages 
Tagged  Baudade ,  bookcases ,  Bristol ,  City Bristol of College ,  Coworking in Cardiff ,  CPE ,  design project ,  designing for Interiors course ,  dishwasher ,  French ,  garden ,  hoarding ,  Ikea ,  Job Hunt Roulette ,  kitchen porters ,  mathmos lamp ,  My journey on becoming full-time designer ,  size of the room ,  storage ,  Whiteladies Road 
 2 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 Kat Design 
 
 Kat Design 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! 
 92 Days Challenge 
 About Kat 
 All Posts 
 Interior Design 
 Kat Doodles About Life 
 Kat Gets Arty 
 Kat Recommends 
 Kat Speaks About Languages 
 Theatre Design 
 Would You Like to Help? 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into…? 
 How I Moved to Paris… 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On… 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning…! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 Post 28: From London to Paris! 94 to go! 
 27: London Adventure with Jan Kraus! 
 Post 26: Kat Is Back! 96 to go! 
 Post 25: Quick Sketching! 97 to go! 
 Post 24: Karen Makes Me Smile! 98 to go! 
 Post 23: Birthday & Holiday Fever! 99 to go! 
 Post 22: One Sixth of the Challenge! 100 to go! 
 Post 21: Pack Your Bag, Buy the Ticket And Go On an Adventure! 101 to go! 
 Post 20: Resolutions Review February! 102 to go! 
 Post 19: Book Shopping! 103 to go! 
 Post 18: Another 'Little Steps, Bigger Picture' Post! 104 to go! 
 Post 17: Breathe And Just Let Things Roll…! 105 to go! 
 
 Searching for specific doodle? 
 Search for: 
 Your most recent favourites on my blog 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into...? 
 How I Moved to Paris... 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On... 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning...! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 
 Thank You all for 
 
 7,592 fab views! 
 
 Follow My journey on becoming full-time designer. on WordPress.com 
 Mostly doodled about 
 Amanda Bathory   art   being a foreigner   being ill   birthday   blogging   blog party   bookcases   Bristol   career   carnival   challenge   chef   Christmas   circus   cooking   costumes   cv   cycling   Czech   David Allen   design   Designing For Interiors   drawing   dreams   driving   driving licence   English   Facebook   failure   Farrow&Ball   fashion   followers   France   hoarding   Ikea   illustration   In basket   instagram   interior/theatre designer   interior design   interiors   interpreting   job   job hunting   languages   Learner Mother   learning English   learning how to drive   Liebster award   London   looking for a job   love   motivation   My journey on becoming full-time designer   New Year   new year resolution   night out   painting   Paris   party   potatoes   prison   resolution   resolutions   saving money   scenic painting   scrapbook   sketching   social media   stop smoking   teaching   theatre   theatre design   The Crazy bag lady   translating   Twitter   upcycling   wine   Wordpress 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Archives 
 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 art fn 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 Fashion Mayann 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 painter, wanderer & mischief-maker 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Comics & Illustration 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 Artisan knitter rambling about her London life in general 
 art fn 
 My studies in creating art -- Tim Hards Vicente 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 Crochet and Fun Ideas for Creative Living 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 Entrepreneurship | Technology | Interior Design | Home Decor | Music 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 not for nothing 
 Fashion Mayann 
 www.fashionmayann.wordpress.com is about some fashion inspirations 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 Welcome to my Art and Lifestyle Blog. Follow my adventures as a Bohemian artist. 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 A fashion & lifestyle blog | Because Style Matters 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 (and other stories) 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 Source for design inspiration, musings and decorating tips from Abigail Ahern 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
