Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Lender 
 Integris Credit Union 
 __Vanderhoof, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Integris is looking for a Retail Lender on a permanent, full-time basis. The individual will be a proven leader within their role and an experienced Lender with the knowledge and skills required to provide financial expertise. This position requires 2+ years of extensive Mortgage and Retail Lending knowledge and experience. 
 Among other responsibilities, the Retail Lender completes mortgages, loans and line of credit applications by analyzing the member’s financial situation. Additionally, the Retail Lender will be able to meet the needs of our members by revealing opportunities and making recommendations, as well as refer the full range of banking, lending, financial planning & insurance products and services 
 What's in it for you? 
 Purpose: As a regional credit union, we are local decision-makers. As a Retail Lender, you make decisions that help members close to home find success and, in turn, you enrich the community where you live, work and play. 
 
 
 Cooperation: Our banking, insurance and wealth management teams collaborate to enable your members to find financial success. 
 
 
 Growth: You are empowered to continually up your financial game to provide your members with innovative, savvy advice. We give you the tools, you own your professional development. 
 
 
 Ownership: As a staff and a credit union member, you own where you work. 
 
 
 We also offer a competitive compensation and benefits package based on your experience and education. 
 You’ve probably heard that before, so apply today so we can tell you more about what else we have to offer you in your career. 
 We know local because we are local. Here is how we do it. 
 This position will remain posted until filled. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $23.28-$28.42 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Profit sharing 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our staff safe we have required barriers and physical distancing markers in place, increased cleaning procedures, hand sanitizing stations and masks available to staff and members. 
 Experience: 
 
 Banking: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Retail Lending: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Vanderhoof, BC (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
