Toggle navigation 
   
 
 Home 
 Tour 
 Best For ****
 
 Project Management 
 Resource Management 
 Portfolio Management 
 Project Scheduling 
 Time Management 
 
 
 Pricing 
 Reviews 
 Blog 
 About ****
 
 Who We Are 
 Contact 
 FAQ 
 
 
 Client Login 
 
 Project Management Job Postings - What they Really Mean 
 Posted by  Work Otter  on January 16, 2015 | Featured 
 With the economy still struggling and companies slow to hire, we are still seeing resumes of good project managers looking for work. 
 Having been in the project management web-based SaaS software field for 20 years this seems like the longest time we have been through these challenging for PMs. 
 Well since we have no control over the Federal Reserve the one thing I can offer is a way to decipher the job postings they find so they know the "truth in advertising" behind some of these companies. 
 NOTE: I literally lifted these off of the bathroom wall were many people post funny quotes and stories and am unable to attribute the original author. Whomever you are - thank you for your wisdom and the humor! Hope you like the project management liberties I took with your jokes! 
 Project Management Job listings translator 
 
 
 
 Job posting says: 
 What they really mean is: 
 
 
 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 We remain competitive by paying project managers less than our more successful competitors. 
 
 
 Join our fast-paced company 
 We have no time to train you or send you to PM conferences. Please introduce yourself to your project team members and co-workers as well. 
 
 
 Immediate opening 
 The project manager who used to have this project gave notice and left the company a month ago with no information on what they did or how they did it. We're just now running the ad. 
 
 
 Self-motivated 
 Project sponsors won't answer questions or provide requirements. 
 
 
 We offer great benefits 
 We'll allow you to fund your own 401(k) if you survive the 3 year project that got the last PM fired. 
 
 
 Seeking enthusiastic, fun, hard working, people 
 Looking for young project managers with no training, certification, or experience who won't mind our internship-level salaries. 
 
 
 Casual work atmosphere 
 We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up. 
 
 
 Dynamic environment 
 Your project team will be yanked from your project every 3 months or 3 weeks before a major deliverable (whichever happens first) 
 
 
 Fun work environment 
 Your project team members will be insulted if you don't go out and buy them drinks 3 nights a week. 
 
 
 A drug-free work environment. 
 We booze it up at company holiday parties and base bonuses on ability to hold one's liquor. 
 
 
 Must be deadline oriented 
 Your project will be four months behind schedule on your first day. 
 
 
 Some overtime required 
 Some overtime each night and some overtime each weekend will be required. 
 
 
 Requires team leadership skills 
 You'll have the responsibilities of your boss without the pay or respect. 
 
 
 Good communication skills. 
 Management communicates what they want from your projects in vague terms that are impossible to decipher, you listen, figure out what they want and do it under budget and ahead of schedule. 
 
 
 
 So now that you know how to decode a project management job posting so happy hunting and best of luck to all those looking for a new employer. 
 I hope this brings a smile to a few of you out there struggling during these uncertain times. Let me know if any of you have any "extras". I would love to post your examples too! 
 Virtually yours, 
 Nick Matteucci, MBA 
WorkOtter 
 Tags:  Project Management 
 Comments are closed. 
 Why Workotter 
 Since 1998, WorkOtter has enabled leading business management through cloud-based project portfolio management (PPM). From Fortune 500 bellwethers like Express Scripts, Scottrade, and Foot Locker to start-ups managing their first project, WorkOtter delivers. 
 Areas 
 
 PMOs 
 IT 
 Marketing 
 HR 
 Sales 
 
 Industries 
 
 Agencies 
 Education 
 Health Care 
 Government 
 Manufacturing 
 Legal 
 
 Top Features 
 
 What-if Scenario 
 Capacity Planning 
 Forecasting 
 Time Management 
 Resource To Budget 
 Secured Data 
 Plus More! 
 
 About Us 
 
 
  Our Story   
 
 
  Our Mission   
 
 
  Careers   
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Terms of Service 
 Security 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Facebook __ 
 Twitter __ 
 Linkedin __ 
 
 Contact 
 
 Copyright © 1998-2021 WorkOtter 
 Portfolio Health Dashboard 
 CLOSE 
 Fully Interactive Sunburst Heatmap Visualization 
 CLOSE 
 Animated Bubble Chart Shows Changes Over Time 
 CLOSE 
 Portfolio Performance Dashboard 
 CLOSE 
 Resource Management Dashboards Built In 
 CLOSE 
 Interactive Dashboards Made by Real World PMOs 
 CLOSE 
 See your Team's Availability with Drill Down Charts/Dashboards 
 CLOSE 
 View Project as Interactive Kanban (or Gantt) 
 CLOSE 
 Project Home Page with Dashboard and Toolbox 
 CLOSE 
 Resource Management Dashboard and Capacity Planning 
 CLOSE 
 Strategy with Tree Chart Interactive Visualization 
 CLOSE 
 Interactive Workflow for Requests and Projects (Configurable) 
 CLOSE 
   
 × 
 Gantt Chart 
 × 
 Portfolio/Roadmap and What If Scenarios 
 CLOSE 
 Interactive Animated Dashboards 
 CLOSE 
 Interactive Animated Dashboards 
 CLOSE 
 Let's have a chat 
 Contact WorkOtter 
 Full Name 
 Email 
 Message 
 __ Send 
