[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Sales and Product Specialist 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 Posted October 8 
 Applications have closed 
 Bitwarden 
 
 Overview 
 Bitwarden promotes better internet security and safety with an open source password management solution for individuals, teams, and business organizations. 
 Bitwarden is searching for a Sales and Product Specialist to facilitate inbound inquiries about our product and drive customer adoption. You will work closely with marketing, customer success, and our technical team to ensure that sales questions are handled swiftly, accurately, and clearly. In addition, you have the sales skills and acumen to facilitate and close deals with commercial and enterprise customers. 
 This is a phenomenal opportunity to get into a fast growing company early and build the foundation for a world class sales organization. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Manage and maintain engagement for inbound sales inquiries 
 Create a compelling impression of Bitwarden as responsive and informative 
 Facilitate sales and product questions by collaborating closely with other Bitwarden team members 
 Participate in and lead high level discovery calls 
 Maintain the utmost care to document and scale sales processes 
 Conduct outbound discovery as determined by the team 
 Track all interactions in the company customer relationship management (CRM) system 
 Report on activities, build dashboards and define metrics, iterate on sales processes 
 Work to meet company sales objectives with the rest of the team 
 
 WHAT YOU BRING TO BITWARDEN 
 
 Prior experience in a selling role at a technical company 
 Prior experience in sales with a heavy reliance on email and occasional telephone communication 
 Affinity for and familiarity with Bitwarden, and the ability to learn a lot more 
 Excitement and enthusiasm for helping customers solve security and password challenges 
 Understanding of and empathy for customers’ organizational needs 
 Self-directed style to drive deal wins 
 Passion for putting repeatable business processes in place 
 Familiarity with open source communities is a plus 
 4-year degree or equivalent preferred 
 
 WHAT TO EXPECT IN THE INTERVIEW PROCESS 
 
 Screening call with PeopleOps 
 Interview with Chief Customer Officer 
 Interview with team member/s 
 Cross-departmental interview 
 References 
 Interview with CEO 
 Final candidates will be asked to authorize a background check 
 
 A FEW REASONS TO WORK WITH US 
 
 Our user community loves us and we love them. Come to work each day with a sense of purpose as we bring a more secure internet experience to everyone from our friends and family to the world’s largest organizations. 
 Become an expert. You’ll get immersed in the prominent technology markets of security and open source software. 
 We are dedicated to building an incredible team. Work remotely with motivated and innovative team members and take part in productive and fun meetups. 
 Learn and grow. Take on new challenges with the support of your team. 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  141 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Writer Growth Lead 
 Quora  A place to share knowledge and better understand the world 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Writing
* December 23
 
 
 
 
 People Partner 
 Coursera  We provide universal access to the world’s best education 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Operations
* December 22
 
 
 
 
 Business Recruiter 
 Outschool  Outschool is where kids love learning! 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Others
* January 14
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
