Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctorl Fellowship in Beta-cell Regeneration Research-Stem Cell Diabetes 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - A116943288 
Closing Date - Dec 04, 2020 
 This position has a start date of January 4, 2021 an end date of Jan 03, 2022. In accordance with the Trust/Research Academic Staff Agreement, this position has an end date of one year, with the possibility of extension, offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at Faculty & Staff Benefits along with a salary of $45,000 
 Working in the laboratory of Principle Investigator Dr. James Shapiro, this position will have oversight of day-to-day lab functions. Specifically, this position will interact with various groups, primarily the activities of the pre-clinical laboratory located in the Alberta Diabetes Institute (ADI), along with supporting activities associated with the Clinical Islet Transplant Program (CITP). 
 Position Summary 
 The Department of Surgery, Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry is looking for a Postdoctoral Fellow in Beta-cell Regeneration Research in the Shapiro - Stem Cell Diabetes lab. 
 Diabetes is a global health problem worldwide with a huge economic burden. Cell therapies, such as induced pluripotent stem cells could provide a replenishable source of beta cells. Optimized methods and scale-up strategies for human stem cell-derived beta cells could potentially translate this into clinical therapy. 
 Progressive deterioration of pancreatic beta cells is a hallmark of both type-1 and -2 diabetes. Stem cell therapy shows great promise and has a clear proof of concept to reverse diabetes, but with a limitation of production of sufficient tissue mass for transplant. More advanced methods could lead to scale-up and mass production of reliable stem cell-derived beta cells without off-target cells. The candidate for this position will use 3D-suspension culture methods to optimize beta-cell differentiation protocols and deliver scale-up of these endocrine cells. 
 Responsibilities 
 ESC/iPS cell culture, maintenance, and differentiation into pancreatic lineage cells. Time spent: 70% (including data analysis). 
Basic cell biology techniques such as DNA/RNA purification, Q-PCR gene expression, Immunochemistry, protein analysis, Flow cytometry, and Immunoassay (ELISA). Time spent: 15% (including data analysis). 
Experience in genome editing using Crispr/cas9 and genetic mutation analysis will be an asset. Time spent: 10-15% (including data analysis). 
 Experience working with mice. Time spent:  <2%. 
 Qualifications 
 A PhD degree in Immunology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Cell Biology or a related discipline. 
Publication of a review article. 
Good manuscript publication record, preferably at least one first author publication. 
Excellent organizational and communication skills. 
Strong English writing skills. 
 Proficiency in basic software applications:  Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Graphing Software applications. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
