Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Music 
 Film 
 TV 
 
 The Cherry POP! 
 A sour look into the world of pop culture. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Movie Review - Fantastic Four (2015) 
 One Direction to end in March, Pursuing solo careers 
 August 26, 2015  by  K 
 Teenage hearts are bleeding everywhere as One Direction have announced that the recent quartet will be going in Four Directions beginning March, but there’s a twist… 
 It was only back in November that long-standing tour manager Paul Higgins announced that he was parting ways with the uber-popular group. Then fans around the world were devastated to learn that the bands own Zayn Malik was quitting, giving this statement: 
 
 “My life with One Direction has been more than I could ever have imagined. But, after five years, I feel like it is now 
 
 Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards, 2015 (via instagram) 
 the right time for me to leave the band. I’d like to apologise to the fans if I’ve let anyone down, but I have to do what feels right in my heart. I am leaving because I want to be a normal 22-year-old who is able to relax and have some private time out of the spotlight. I know I have four friends for life in Louis, Liam, Harry and Niall. I know they will continue to be the best band in the world” 
 
 Malik has since transformed into Britney Spears circa-2007, with destructive behaviour, bizarre choices of hairstyles and even became involved in a twitter feud with former band-mate Louis Tomlinson and collaborator Naughty Boy, not to mention the Perrie break-up. 
 The biggest blow to fans across the world happened a mere few days ago, when The Sun newspaper stated that One Direction are splitting up in March, but only for a year as they want to take a break and focus on their solo projects. This was confirmed via Niall Horan's tweet: 
 
 So there’s no need to panic girls and boys, they (apparently) will be back, but during the hiatus, what direction will the boys be going in? 
 The Sun also reports that Louis Tomlinson , 23, is expecting a baby with stylist Briana Jungwirth and therefore is going to focus on becoming a father. Harry Styles and Niall Horan, both 21, are eager to break out with solo music careers, although Harry is thinking about becoming a movie star – could we see him in the next big Young Adult franchise maybe? Meanwhile Liam Payne, 21, will focus on DJ’ing and songwriting. 
 
 Over to you, are you deeply saddened about this news? Or could you even care any less at this point? Sound off in the comments below and share. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  News  and tagged  Break Up ,  Harry Styles ,  Liam Payne ,  Louis Tomlinson ,  music ,  Niall Horan ,  One Direction ,  Splitting up ,  Zayn Malik . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Movie Review - Fantastic Four (2015) 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 One Direction to end in March, Pursuing solo careers 
 Movie Review - Fantastic Four (2015) 
 Review - Hot Pursuit (2015) 
 Review - Ant-Man (2015) 
 BREAKING: Watch the Comic-Con trailer for Suicide Squad! 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow The Cherry POP! on WordPress.com 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
