Skip to the content 
 Search 
 words of a writer 
 it can all be said 
 Menu 
 
 Begin 
 blog 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Close search 
 Close Menu 
 
 
 Begin 
 
 
 blog 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Tag: careers 
 what a fool believes 
 
 Post author By  writer 
 Post date  January 6, 2021 
 No Comments on what a fool believes 
 
 Photo by Red Heart Studio on flickr · · · Explore Beth Kingery Creations' photos on Flickr. Beth Kingery Creations has uploaded 1322 photos to Flickr. see more by clicking on photo 
 companies nowadays, make you believe that you are valued as an employee but i see the truth and i can tell you some companies only see the money. they have statistics to follow and if… 
 Read More 
 do you fear confrontation 
 
 Post author By  writer 
 Post date  December 2, 2020 
 1 Comment on do you fear confrontation 
 
 there are some people who lack the respect and ability to confront a situation dead on when it comes to negative feedback.years ago, and i believe still today, they use the term "constructive criticism". i… 
 Read More 
 different strokes for different folks 
 
 Post author By  writer 
 Post date  November 20, 2020 
 18 Comments on different strokes for different folks 
 
 i talk often about all types of different people and how we need to accept everyone for who they are and how they feel. this is the only way to survive. there are some people… 
 Read More 
 our society and invincibility 
 
 Post author By  writer 
 Post date  October 29, 2020 
 No Comments on our society and invincibility 
 
 when is it that someone notices the good one has done. probably never. i am still waiting for that validation beyond this world. i suppose that will never happen but still the idea that people… 
 Read More 
 Posts navigation 
 <- Newer Posts1  2   3   Older Posts -> 
 January 23rd, 2021 
 When you are trying to create possibility, you get 'edgy' when things just don't seem right. I am a creator and try try again is one of those sayings I love because it means I care. Have you been unconditional? 
 #1 this week 
 
 disclosure 
 © Copyright 2021  words of a writer  · This website contains affiliate links, which means that if you click on a product link, we may receive a commission in return. Words of A Writer is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.ca 
 deal of the day 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Growth 
 
 
 Healthy Mind 
 
 
 Lifestyle 
 
 
 Opinion 
 
 
 People 
 
 
 Trending 
 
 
 words 
 
 
 writer's choice 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021  . All rights reserved. 
 To the top ↑ Up ↑ 
