Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Adjunct Instructor - Machinist Program 
 SAIT 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 SAIT is a global leader in applied education and an institution that empowers employees to make a difference in the lives of our students. 
 Building on more than a century of history, we are looking for innovative employees wanting to create a future with us. As part of our team, you are encouraged to be bold and inventive, bringing new ideas to the table. Change excites you. 
 Along with gourmet on-campus restaurants run by our culinary program and an unparalleled view of downtown Calgary, SAIT offers the chance to do work with a purpose — preparing the next generation of industry leaders, entrepreneurs, advocates and explorers. We develop leaders in the classroom and our workspaces, encouraging lifelong learning for both students and employees. 
 Your future starts now … at SAIT. 
 The Opportunity 
 The School of Manufacturing and Automation provides practical and applied skills training to meet the needs of Alberta's rapidly growing manufacturing, automation, oil and gas, and service sectors. We are learner-centered and committed to delivering quality curriculum in support of student success. 
We are currently recruiting a Part-Time Contract MET-Machinist Instructor for our Mechanical Engineering Technology Program. The focus for this position will be primarily a laboratory Instructor for the Machining & Material Technology portion of the program. 
You are a well-rounded, positive individual with a willingness to learn, and enthusiasm to share your expertise. Look forward to a rewarding opportunity to join an inclusive and supportive team! 
 Note:  Note: This is a temporary, part-time (12-24+ hours/week Lab/class time) adjunct position with a potential end date of April 30, 2021 with a possibility for extension or full-time employment 
 The Role 
 Instruct Manual Machine turning & milling methods. 
Instruct and demonstrate course outline objectives, projects, and curriculum. 
Prepare additional study and lab materials for learners. 
Evaluate student progress and achievement. 
Provide ongoing support, guidance and advice to learners. 
Perform related duties as assigned to meet the emerging needs of SAIT and its students. 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum Machinist Journeyman Certificate. Relevant equivalent education will be considered. 
Must have a minimum of 3 years’ recent industry experience in manual machining methods. 
Teaching experience would be considered an asset 
Aptitude for mentoring and coaching others, with a willingness to spend quality time to help students succeed. 
Comfortable with public speaking and have the ability to engagingly convey conceptual and practical course subjects to diverse students and learning styles. 
Ability to organize course concepts and materials to create an optimal learning environment. 
Possess a positive respectful attitude and desire to support team members and the Academic Chair with program improvements. 
Ability to adapt to situations such as unexpected workloads. 
 Basic-Intermediate level proficiency in MS Office:  Word, Excel, and Outlook. 
Equivalent combinations of education and experience may be considered. 
 Why Work at SAIT 
 Enjoy a stimulating work environment and a beautiful campus overlooking downtown Calgary. 
 To Apply 
 Please continue with the online application process by clicking the Apply Now button 
 All applications should be made through our online system. 
 Notes 
 SAIT is committed to equity and diversity within its community and invites applications from all qualified applicants. 
 SAFA:  This position is part of the SAFA (SAIT’s Faculty Association) 
 For information on the collection and use of your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy 
 Conditions of Employment 
In order to ensure and maintain a safe and secure working and learning environment, all applicants to the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology must complete and pass a police security clearance before employment is confirmed. Employment is conditional until a satisfactory police security clearance is obtained and confirmed. Employment with SAIT will not commence until the results have been provided and confirmed. 
 SAIT’s vision is to be a global leader in applied education 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
