Skip to content 
   
 Career on Purpose 
 Give yourself permission to do the work that makes you come alive 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Career Alignment 
 lynngeorgespeaks   finding purpose  November 27, 2018November 28, 2018 1 Minute 
 Have you ever been rejected for what you know you were born to do? 
 I remember a time when I made known to my supervisor that I wanted to be in leadership. At the time when I said this to her, I was thinking Managerial Position. 
 It would be two years of hard work and what I thought they needed to see to get a managerial position. At the same time, something else was happening. I was learning what’s truly meant to be a leader. 
 Unbeknownst to me, God had prepared something greater where I would step into Executive Leadership. 
 This post is inspired by a meeting that I sat in today with the former CEO and Board Chair of the company that made me feel like I was NOT what I KNEW I was born to be and that is to be a leader. 
 How was I able to go from support role to Executive Leadership role? Get in ALIGNMENT with who you are meant to be in this world. It doesn’t stop here for me but it’s a clear example of following a path you were meant for and watching it unfold before your very own eyes. 
 You can have this experience too. Are you stuck? Confused? Don’t know where to start to get in the career that inspires you? 
 Go to my website now for a FRE 30 minute strategy call:  http://www.lynngeorgeconsulting.com 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by lynngeorgespeaks 
 Lynn George Consulting is a motivational speaker whose business offers coaching, training, and consulting services. Lynn George, M.ED, PHR, SHRM-CP, CMCS is a professional coach, confident speaker, and a natural facilitator gifted in helping you create strategies for success in order to manifest the life you want personally and professionally. She currently works with women in transition to clarify career and personal goals toward independence, dismantle limiting beliefs, and develop action plans towards responsibility in order to become the best versions of themselves. She has a passion to help women become what they have always believed about themselves. She is on a mission to inspire and motivate women to live what is in their hearts out loud and maximize their potential to become the best version of themselves and fulfill their God-given purpose. For the past 15 years, Lynn has worked as an Educator and a Workforce Development Professional training thousands of people, ages 18-60, on employ-ability skills and career development. When it comes to the work necessary for change, Lynn George uses the same tough tough love approach with her children also with her clients . She is effective at challenging you out of your comfort zone and holding you accountable in order to reach your destiny. She has been referred to by her family as "the principal" and the "boot camp mom" and by her former clients, "sergeant". Lynn George is the consummate learner committed to excellence with a desire to see her clients personal growth in their business, professional careers, and life. As your coach, you will receive a professional that is committed to your success and passionate about you becoming the best YOU! Our mission: Lynn George Consulting offers individuals and businesses effective coaching in the discipline of self-confidence, personal power, and leadership development. Its mission is to empower men and women with tools to increase in confidence, unlock their potential to live their best life and live it out loud, work purposeful careers, and pursue their destiny.   View all posts by lynngeorgespeaks  
 Published  November 27, 2018November 28, 2018 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Discover the Path To Your Purpose 
 Next Post Stretching 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Unlocking Your Potential 
 
   lynngeorgespeaks 
 
 Career Transition at 40+ 
 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid 
 Stretching 
 Career Alignment 
 Discover the Path To Your Purpose 
 Purposeful Living 
 Dare Yourself to Success 
 Overcoming Fear to Walk in Your Power 
 How do you show up? 
 The dream is free! 
 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
