Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RPN, Pandemic Response 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200918 
 Position:  Registered Practical Nurse 
 Status:  Casual 
 Department:  Pandemic Response 
 Union:  CUPE 
 Shifts:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends, Extended Tours 
 Rate of Pay:  $29.68 - $31.18 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on January 31, 2021. 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. JBH is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-the-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. For more information, visit www.josephbranthospital.ca. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
We are seeking Registered Practical Nurses to join our Pandemic Response Pool to support Joseph Brant Hospital and the Burlington Community as the Province continues its fight against the COVID-19 global pandemic, providing compassionate care and exemplary service every time. As a Registered Practical Nurse in the Pandemic Response Pool, you will be responsible for acute patient populations across multiple clinical units, providing both inpatient and outpatient medical/surgical care. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Current Certificate of Competence in the Province of Ontario. 
 Preference will be given to candidates who have current or recent clinical experience in Medicine, Surgery, Emergency, or other acute care. 
 Ability to adapt and respond effectively in rapidly changing situations or environments. 
 Collaborate and work effectively within a multidisciplinary team. 
 Commitment to upholding IPAC standards and strict adherence to IPAC policies. 
 Excellent communication skills. 
 Commitment to quality and patient safety, considers safety of self and co-workers. 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200918. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
