Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Manager (Indirect Lending) 
 goeasy 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you are looking to join one of Canada’s fastest growing companies, goeasy Ltd. is the place for you! Recognized as one of Canada’s Most Admired Corporate Cultures in 2018, one of Canada’s Top 50 Fintech’s and one of North America’s Most Engaged Workplaces, we want the best and brightest to join our team. 
 We are a publicly traded company on the TSX with over 4000% shareholder return since 2001, goeasy operates two main business units. easyfinancial is our consumer lending business that offers secured and unsecured installment loans of up to $35,000 and easyhome is Canada’s largest merchandise lease-to-own company. It is our mission to provide everyday Canadians the chance for a better tomorrow, today by giving them access to the credit they need and by offering them a second chance when they have been turned down by banks and traditional lenders. With a retail network of nearly 400 locations across Canada and over 1900 employees, we are able to build lasting relationships with our customers as we help them rebuild their credit and graduate towards prime rates and a brighter financial future. 
 Merchant financing represents one of the most significant opportunities and growth engines for the future of the organization. Developing, understanding and nurturing key partnerships is crucial to the growth and continued success of our business. In this role, you would be reporting to the Senior Manager of Indirect Lending Operations and be accountable for 3 key mandates; operational business analysis, process improvement and project coordination. 
 Responsibilities (not limited to): 
Evaluate the efficiency of operational processes within the Indirect Lending business, identify improvement opportunities, research alternatives, and propose solutions to reduce processing time and operational costs, while mitigating risk 
Act as a key stakeholder in the coordination and delivery of Indirect Lending key strategic projects 
Manage performance of assigned Indirect Lending partnerships, and develop, propose and implement solutions to improve performance and overachieve against targets, while maximizing profitability and minimizing risk 
Conduct impact analysis, assess change readiness, and control change management activities throughout the Indirect Lending Operations team 
Manage the User Acceptance Testing (UAT) phase of Indirect Lending projects 
Perform in-depth analysis as requested by the business, and prepare senior management level presentations to communicate findings 
Act as a subject matter expert on all operational processes within the Indirect Lending business 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years’ experience in a management-level role, in a corporate environment 
Ability to execute projects and manage cross-functional internal and external teams, within challenging timelines 
Experience in managing and developing people 
Advanced communication skills with ability to tailor communications to audience 
Experience in merchant financing and financial services preferred 
Creative thinker with strong organizational skills and the ability to work in an ambiguous, fast paced environment and manage multiple deadlines and priorities 
Highly developed analytical thinking abilities, with the ability to find problems and resolve them 
Superior proficiency and expertise in PowerPoint, Excel and Word 
Ability to work independently and cooperatively as part of a cross-functional team 
Experience in indirect lending or general lending preferred 
French language skills is considereed a strong asset 
 Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment 
 goeasy is an equal opportunity employer. In addition, goeasy is committed to providing accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process in accordance with all legislative requirements throughout Canada. Please let us know if you require an accommodation due to a disability during any aspect of the recruitment process and we will work with you to address your needs. 
 Additional Information: 
All candidates considered for hire must successfully pass a criminal background check, credit check, and validation of their work experience to qualify for hire. We thank all interested applicants, however we will only be contacting those for interview who possess the skills and qualifications outlined above. 
 Why should you work for goeasy? 
 To learn more about our great company please click the links below: 
 http://goeasy.com/careers/ 
 PAID1234 
 #LI-POST 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
