Skip to content 
   
  La Femme Exec 
 Empowering Black Millennial Women to Own their Careers 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Black Girl Magic 
 Contact 
 
   
 Consumer Goods ,  Diversity & Inclusion ,  Entrepreneur ,  Founder ,  Lady Bosses ,  Millenial Lady Boss ,  Women in Business ,  Women in Fashion 
 Career Conversations with Abai Schulze 
 October 17, 2020October 17, 2020   Jasmine Mbadugha 
 Abai Schulze is the founder and creative director of ZAAF, a handcrafted luxury leather handbag line . ZAAF handbags are handcrafted by artisans in Ethiopia. ZAAF was inspired by Abai’s upbringing in Ethiopia. Abai earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Economics and Fine Arts from the George Washington University. ZAAF has been recognized by UNESCO, Elle, Lucky; and made an appearance at the New York Fashion Week. 
 ( photography: Joey L) 
 Abai uses some of the proceeds from ZAAF to give back to local orphanages in Ethiopia. She shared her career story with LFE! 
 What inspired you to start ZAAF after studying economics at George Washington University?  I kicked off the effort shortly after finishing my bachelors in Economics. I had spent a year working in the development and entrepreneurship sector in Washington DC and decided that I wanted to drive a project directly and not remain on the sidelines. I wanted to learn from the challenges and propel something concrete forward with tangible impact and upside. My natural connection to Ethiopia – the place of my birth and early childhood -- and my passion for design and art led me towards an endeavor that overlapped both of these in the form of ZAAF. 
 How do you empower women of color though ZAAF?  Despite all the talk about equality these days, women are still facing challenges in advancing in their career, especially in developing countries like Ethiopia. ZAAF has made it a priority to create roles in our company where women build their communication skills, decision-making roles and provide leadership roles. Many women of color are talented, but lack the resources or network to get into certain fields so we give them opportunities and support their growth in different ways, which include mentoring. We have paid for MBA programs and helped with loans to buy a first home. I also hope ZAAF’s success will have a “knock on” effect and inspiring other women of color entrepreneurs to enter the space. 
 What are some of the challenges you have faced as a young female entrepreneur?   It’s been an amazing rough and tumble adventure full of challenges. As a young female entrepreneur, I have many odds stacked against me. The work dynamic between female and male is particularly challenging in Ethiopia given my age. I find it much easier to collaborate and hire women.  But I believe these challenges has build us up as women with an instinct to face them and create more value in any space we decide to venture into. 
 ZAAF handbags are handcrafted with quality leather - which can be expensive. How did you raise capital for your brand? And, what advice do you have for young women who want to start a brand with little or no capital?  My seed capital came primarily from personal loans as well as some award grants. I did a lot of the grunt work at the beginning since I didn’t have a lot of capital to start with. In terms of advice with limited capital - I would tell others to get smart about the sectors or areas of interests where they hope to invest their talent and energy. There are plenty of concepts which fall flat when put into actual play. It’s always better to have done your due diligence early, if for nothing else than to be properly confident about the opportunity at hand. Also, I would advise them to double-down on execution. Move with good data but by all means move and move quickly. As I always say - execution is the stuff of success – passion is just one of the ingredients. 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postCareer Conversations with Dr. DiAnne Davis! 
 Next postRoxy Ndebumadu: An innovative leader in technology and politics 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Beauty   Consulting   Consumer Goods   Diversity & Inclusion   Entrepreneur   Fashion   Finance   forbes30u30   Founder   Girls Who Code   Lady Bosses   Media & Enterainment   Mental Health   Millenial Lady Boss   millennial lady bosses   Millennials   Public Relations   Social Impact   Technology   Uncategorized   Women in Business   Women in Fashion   Women in Law   Women in Media   Women in Medicine   Women in Policy   Women in Retail   Women in Science   Women in Sports   Women in Tech 
 Copyright. La Femme Exec 2018 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
 
 Future Lady Bosses 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe :) 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
