Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receptionist 
 Revera Inc. 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Revera is a leading provider of seniors’ accommodation, care and services; built on a more than 50-year history of helping seniors live life to the fullest. We reward excellence and provide exciting opportunities to contribute, grow and advance. Whether you're looking for full-time or part-time employment, a student placement, or a volunteer position, Revera offers many rewarding opportunities. Explore what we have to offer and see how you can succeed 
 Reporting to on site Management, the Receptionist will respond to all incoming calls, greet and direct all visitors, answering inquiries in a positive and professional manner, representative of Revera. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
 To answer all incoming calls, and respond to caller's inquiries in a positive, professional manner ; 
 To redirect calls as appropriate and take clear, concise messages when required; 
 To greet, assist and direct all visitors; 
 To pick up and sort internal mail; 
 To stamp, deliver and maintain mail machine for external mail; 
 To prepare packages and arrange courier pick up; 
 To arrange meeting room schedule and bookings; 
 To update phone and distribution lists; 
 To maintain a clean, safe, fully stocked and well organized reception area; 
 To assist with small projects as required by other administrative support (i.e. labels, bulk mailing, etc.); 
 To complete other duties as assigned; 
 To uphold and promote the organization's values and philosophy relating particularly to ethics, morality, and integrity as set out in Revera's Code of Conduct. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Above average interpersonal, oral and written communication skills; 
 Previous experience in reception is considered an asset; 
 Must exhibit professional and polished telephone manner; 
 Ability to handle multiple tasks at once, work under pressure, and meet deadlines; 
 Highly organized and detail focused; 
 Expertise in Microsoft Office ( Word, Excel, PowerPoint, E-Mail) 
 
 Revera is committed to ensuring that all employment practices are inclusive. As an organization we are committed to providing and arranging accommodation for candidates upon request. Please Note: If you are a current employee of Revera and have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, please apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
