
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Scale AI (S16) 
 Infrastructure for AI. 
 Operations Project Manager 
 
 Location 
 Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Scale AI 
 Scale's mission is to accelerate the development of AI applications. 
 Scale is a vital part of bringing machine learning enabled technologies to the world, from autonomous driving to drones, robots and VR / AR. Our suite of managed labeling services combines manual labeling with best in class tools and machine driven checks to yield stunningly accurate training data. Scale is committed to continual innovation in combining humans with AI to prepare intelligent data, passing on these improvements to our customers (such as Alphabet (Google), Zoox, Lyft, Pinterest, Airbnb, nuTonomy) and powering a growing future of AI applications. 
 Scale's team consists of 120 people and 35 engineers of industry veterans from Dropbox, Google, Palantir, Quora, OpenAI and others. 
 About the role 
 As a member of our operations team, you'll be accountable for driving revenue by ensuring that our taskers meets customer commitments in a timely manner while maintaining the highest quality standards. You will manage our supply operation funnel by building and running solutions, tools, and processes by working with a cross-functional team including Customer Operations, Product Operations, Product Managers, and many others. 
 You will be solving problems no one has solved before, and you will need to be relentless in driving stellar results, running pilots, tests, and experiments. You’ll come up with creative solutions to bottlenecks. The blend of operations and ownership of our most important outcomes make this a unique and exciting role at the heart of Scale’s daily operations. 
 The ideal candidate is scrappy, analytical, empathetic, outcome focused, and above all someone who drives and inspires results. 
 You Will: 
 
 Build and drive some of our most critical operational processes: the delivery of SLAs for our customers 
 Own the day-to-day delivery of customer commitments 
 Create an effective feedback loop between the front line, product, strategy, and customers 
 Collaborate with stakeholders to improve processes for new and existing customers 
 
 Ideally you’d have: 
 
 2+ years of industry experience in an operational role and/or 2+ years in a top-tier consulting firm 
 An undergraduate degree with an analytics heavy major (e.g., Engineering, Math or Economics) and/or a graduate degree in Engineering, Economics, or Business 
 An action-oriented mindset that balances creative problem solving with the scrappiness to ultimately deliver results 
 Analytical, planning, and process improvement capability 
 
 Nice to have: 
 
 Experience with reading SQL and/or another database language 
 Experience with Python and/or Mode Notepad scripting 
 
 About Us: 
 At Scale, our mission is to accelerate the development of Machine Learning and AI applications across multiple markets. Our first product is a suite of APIs that allow AI teams to generate high-quality ground truth data. Our customers include OpenAI, Zoox, Lyft, Pinterest, Airbnb, nuTonomy, and many more 
 Technology 
 We are built using some of the following technologies: 
 
 TensorFlow 
 Node.js 
 React 
 MongoDB 
 PostgreSQL 
 Python 
 
 Other jobs at Scale AI 
 Operations Program Manager - Federal 
 fulltime 
 Washington, D.C. 
 3+ years 
 Operations Project Manager 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Engineering Manager - Infrastructure Engineering 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Engineering Manager 
 3+ years 
 New Products Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
