Skip to content 
 
 MinBane 
 I write what I like. 
   
 Tag: Job Sikhala 
 Zimbabwe: MDC Alliance Youth Assembly letter to Assistant Commander Paul Nyathi - Re: Response to ZRP's Wanted List Publication: Makomborero Haruzviishe & 13 ORS (28.07.2020) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  July 28, 2020July 28, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Allan Moyo ,  Constantino Chiwenga ,  Denford Ngadziore ,  ED ,  Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa ,  Emmerson Mnangagwa ,  Gen. Constantino Chiwenga ,  Gift Ostallos Siziba ,  Godfrey Kuraone ,  Godfrey Tsenengamu ,  Hopewell Chin'ono ,  Jacob Ngarivhume ,  Jimmy Kunaka ,  Job Sikhala ,  Makomborero Haruzivilshe ,  Obey Sithole ,  Orbert Masaraure ,  Ostallos Siziba ,  Peter Mutasa ,  President Mnangagwa ,  Promise Mkwanazi ,  Robson Chere ,  Stephen Chuma ,  Transform Zimbabwe ,  Zanu-PF ,  ZHRC ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ,  Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission Leave a comment on Zimbabwe: MDC Alliance Youth Assembly letter to Assistant Commander Paul Nyathi - Re: Response to ZRP's Wanted List Publication: Makomborero Haruzviishe & 13 ORS (28.07.2020) 
 Zimbabwe: ZRP wants to “interview” 14 Activists [but they want to arrest them] 
 When the Zimbabwe Republican Police (ZRP) have today “sought” for “interviews” for 14 activists, some who happens to be Movement for Democratic Change – Alliance (MDC-Alliance). These are people who get into legal jeopardy now and then. They are known people and its not new. ZANU-PF calls them anarchists, but that says more ZANU-PF than about the activists themselves. Because, they are only supporting the constitutional rights to demonstrate. Something that is always fine when ZANU-PF does a demo or goes to the street for a cause, which fits them. 
 These 14 are just following the journalists and other politicians who are behind bars for “inciting violence”. The “inciting violence” is a code for “annoying the president”. These 14 leaders in the MDC-Alliance and other organizations; are all annoying the President and that is why the police is searching for them. 
 The Police is now asking for them and for “interviews” like they are applicants for jobs. They are searching for a new career in the Police Force. What these 14 activists should expect is interrogations and get detained. Surely to be charged for “inciting violence” too. 
 All of them are most likely working in their respective areas to drum up support for the 31st July demonstrations. The same ones that gotten others arrested already and awaiting trail. While they are a awaiting freedom. 
 The 14 in question will be deemed the same fate. Especially, if they ever shows up to any Police Station. We know these people are in serious problem. 
 The interviews is the bait and soon the switch is the arrest. They will suddenly pass through a door and not return home. These men are now outlaws, by their actions of supporting demonstrations, which is hurting the pride of the regime. That is why everyone associated with it and who is high ranking are in jeopardy. 
 They are trying to take one by one out. These is just de-escalating matters. Proving that the free speech in Zimbabwe is only for ZANU-PF people and the others are fair game. Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  July 27, 2020July 28, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Allan Moyo ,  Constantino Chiwenga ,  Denford Ngadziore ,  ED ,  Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa ,  Emmerson Mnangagwa ,  Gen. Constantino Chiwenga ,  Gift Ostallos Siziba ,  Godfrey Kuraone ,  Godfrey Tsenengamu ,  Hopewell Chin'ono ,  Jacob Ngarivhume ,  Jimmy Kunaka ,  Job Sikhala ,  Makomborero Haruzivilshe ,  Obey Sithole ,  Orbert Masaraure ,  Ostallos Siziba ,  Peter Mutasa ,  President Mnangagwa ,  Promise Mkwanazi ,  Robson Chere ,  Stephen Chuma ,  Transform Zimbabwe ,  Zanu-PF ,  ZHRC ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ,  Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission Leave a comment on Zimbabwe: ZRP wants to “interview” 14 Activists [but they want to arrest them] 
 Opinion: Mnangagwa’s Indefinitely lockdown is a perfect tool for oppression 
 That President  Emmerson Mnangagwa  today revealed in a National Address that the state are prolonging the lockdown in the Republic. Not that’s unheard of or without reasons to do. This been done worldwide. However, when you continue the lockdown indefinitely. That opens up whole other can of worms. 
 Especially, when the ZANU-PF and President Mnangagwa has sent his enemies and the ones his fallen out into the Court system. The MDC-Alliance is under fire from all angles and his friends in the MDC-T is trying a coup d’etat on that one. By using the external forces and the support system of ZANU-PF to control the MDC and the MDC-Alliance. Just to signal a red flag and a warning, as  Nelson   Chamisa  and his team is seeing their folks and activists suddenly vanishing, arrested and tortured in the midsts of the lockdown. 
 That is why an indefinitely lockdown open up the ability to oppress in another fashion. Expect more sudden disappearances. Expect citizens in harms way as they are just trying to feed themselves. While the ZANU-PF are giving away things to their constituencies, but not even trying to do it in the areas of the opposition. And if the Opposition Members of Parliament tries to do it. Than, they are not following state directives and will get into trouble. That is how these saga’s goes. 
 The President is using this, while the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe is unleashing new banknotes. The economy is already crashing. There is no remedy and the Republic have not gotten a package from abroad to save it. Neither, is any foreign investors lining up to build factories nor invest in farming. They are not there and the empty promises keeps haunting the Republic. 
 Like the health care system is struggling to say the least. The ways of society is broken, because the state has been looted over so long time. It was just a matter of how far the President and his men could stretch it. You can just push the envelope so far, before things give in. 
 It isn’t like there is a magically spectrum. Like the actions are changing. Because, when you have indefinite powers and lockdown measures. The public is more stuck and the society is on-hold. There is no demos or anything, because if you do. The public will be harmed and brutal force of the armed forces will be back-at-it-again. Which has happen in the past and could easily again. 
 With this one, the most likely scenario isn’t to use it stop COVID-19 or the Coronavirus. Because, if they did. They would have done more testing and secured the ratio of testing in areas where the spread already appeared. However, there been minimal of testing and also warning signs from the doctors and nurses associations. So, its not like the President has been a champion for their struggles or needs in this pandemic. 
 That is why this is a smokescreen. Because the President knows, that the dire situation is there. The government cannot fake the troubles forever and “the shit will hit the fan”. It just a matter of time, before the time-bomb of economic crash and lacking foreign reserves. They can fake it in the midst of a lockdown and emergency. As they are directly controlling it all and has the final say. Nevertheless, that doesn’t last forever. Reality will kick-in and then the salvation will not be COVID-19, but a reality check. Where the checks and balances will be touched. 
 The President knows this and wants to rule be decree. Using the pandemic to gain political mileage and ensure his enemies suffer. This is end-game here. He will use the means he has now to secure more power and weaken his opposition. That is what he will do and he has started already. Why can I say that? Well, the proof of the actions against the MDC MP  Cecilila Joanah Mamombe  and the other two. Also, the Court activity in favour of MDC-T Khupe against MDC-Alliance Chamisa. That is all to undermine the opposition while under lockdown. 
 Therefore, the man is stopping all rallies, all demonstrations and everything else. While using the cover of COVID-19. If he was just battling that and stopping the first wave. There would be a sort of time frame and some points on the curve the state and Health Officials would say was needed. Before the lockdown stops. 
 However, when you using it indefinitely, than there is a whole another game in mind. Than, its becomes a situation where you initiate special powers and usage of it. Just so you can rule and reign without ordinary precautions and oversight. Since, it is a state of emergency and the powers are all on you. 
 That is why Mnangagwa wants to have it like this forever ever and beyond. Because that gives him the powers to assault, use the police and authorities as he see fit and say it was his directives. That to initiate even more control and only secure passage to ones in his personal court. Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  May 16, 2020May 16, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Cecilila Joanah Mamombe ,  Coronavirus ,  COVID-19 ,  COVID19 ,  Douglas Mwonzora ,  Elias Mudzuri ,  Emmerson Mnangagwa ,  Government of Zimbabwe ,  Job Sikhala ,  MDC-A ,  MDC-T ,  Morgen Komichi ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance ,  Nelson Chamisa ,  President Mnangagwa ,  Thokozani Khupe ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front Leave a comment on Opinion: Mnangagwa’s Indefinitely lockdown is a perfect tool for oppression 
 Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance: Communique of the MDC Alliance Standing Committee (06.05.2020) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  May 7, 2020May 7, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Douglas Mwonzora ,  Elias Mudzuri ,  Emmerson Mnangagwa ,  Job Sikhala ,  MDC-A ,  MDC-T ,  Morgan Tsvangirai ,  Morgen Komichi ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance ,  Nelson Chamisa ,  President Mnangagwa ,  Thokozani Khupe ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zimbabwe Leave a comment on Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance: Communique of the MDC Alliance Standing Committee (06.05.2020) 
 Opinion: Khupe is a very useful pawn… 
 That the Movement for Democratic Change – Alliance (MDC-A) is under fire these days is an understatement. They are battling forces from the outside and within. The power they will show is their balance of wit and of strength towards both the ZANU-PF  Emmerson Mnangagwa  and MDC-T with  Thokozani Khupe . 
 Khupe and Mnangagwa is clearly the team, the buddies and the ones who are doing the bidding together. With the Court order of internal change of leadership within the MDC, the recall of MDC MPs and the 50 police officers at the Harvest House or the Tvansigirai House in Harare. 
 All of this is happening during the lockdown. While people are pre-occupied getting their roller-meals and food in general. They are not caring what is happening with the MDC-A. The ZANU-PF knows this and uses the free window to do this. 
 They are assaulting the MDC-A Headquarters, they are targeting MDC-A MPs and also elevating the Khupe team. Just in time to fix the issues for  Nelson   Chamis   a  and MDC-A. 
 The answer from the MDC-A is to expelled Douglas Mwonzora,  Morgen Komichi  and  Elias Mudzuri  from the party. While also, suspending all activity in Parliament from their MPs and Senators. This is a big deal, since they are biggest opposition party. 
 This is an direct reaction to the actions from ZANU-PF and the state, which interference directly with the party. It is also  Douglas Mwonzora  letter, which is the reason for the assault on the Harvest House today. 
 We are seeing movement and finally the MDC-A are doing direct action, not only getting moves done to it. This might cost, as this might flag the ZANU-PF and the Parliament into action. If they stops all actions over time. They are maybe opening up for By-Elections. Where the state will rig the party to a bigger chunk of MPs and such. That is a gamble the MDC-A should take, as they are only losing in the chambers of the state anyway. 
 The MDC-A are the ones whose the force of change and needs to be on the forefront. Not only live within the parimeters of the ZANU-PF. Both show another face to the reality produced by ZANU-PF. Which they are by defying the Parliament and their work. They are showing force with this. Peaceful defiance against the authorities who are all against it. Not even needing court orders or warrants to go with Police Officers to the Harvest House. This is just the reality. 
 That the ZANU-PF does this is clear. That they are using Khupe as pawn is clear too. Just like she like being used. She will neither be welcome by the real MDC nor respected, because they know she’s a pawn of Mnangagwa. She’s being used and will be remembered as such. There is nothing she can do. Khupe is a tool and a useful one, but not a righteous one. A Molotov Cocktail into a dry-grass and hoping it burns down the house. Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  May 7, 2020May 7, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Douglas Mwonzora ,  Elias Mudzuri ,  Emmerson Mnangagwa ,  Job Sikhala ,  MDC-A ,  MDC-T ,  Morgan Tsvangirai ,  Morgen Komichi ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance ,  Nelson Chamisa ,  President Mnangagwa ,  Thokozani Khupe ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zimbabwe Leave a comment on Opinion: Khupe is a very useful pawn… 
 Zimbabwe: 65th Time Job Sikhala MP get arrested and into trouble 
 “  The definition of unnecessary-ness 
 Manifested 
 Say that we should protest just to get arrested”  - Lupe Fiasco - ‘Around My Way (Freedom ain’t free)’ 2012 
 Over the weekend, Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance (MDC-A) MP  Job Sikhala  by the end of January 2020 had been arrested 64 times in his career. Now, that he was re-arrested over the weekend, he has hit the mark of 65 times. That is a major achievement. It also show what sort of state of affairs is in Zimbabwe. 
 The MP who has seeked refugee in London, United Kingdom in exile. A man who was sought after and hunted after during the hey-day of President Mugabe. His successor Mnangagwa doesn’t want to be worse. What is missing is charging him again with treason and detaining him for years. Because, his been tortured and been in legal jeopardy more than a person should be. His been in trouble for his stance. 
 The ZANU-PF people online and elsewhere calls him militant. While they over the weekend used the police to raid the home of Sikhala and also block the MDC from demonstrating. That they even arrested 13 more MDC activists on the ground. That is why the ZANU-PF and the Herald has condemned the MDC-A, but they are not looking into the factors, which sparked it. They raided, summoned and arrested Sikhala. Which isn’t a new thing, but its the 65th time in his career. That says something about the extent of it all. 
 Not that destruction nor destroying things in a area is right. That has happen in Chitungwiza. However, there was tear-gas, gunshots and other terror delivered from the state. So blazing fire with fire. Surely, the activists could have used other means, but when the armed forces coming with all guns towards them. The fear make them fire up tires and throw stones at a ZUPCO bus. Still, the police should know better, they are amplifying it. They could have contained it, but instead made it worse. So, the ZANU-PF is blaming the stone throwers, but not taking any blame for using tear-gas or weapons against civilians without arms. Just think about that for a little minute. 
 You thought enough. Who would you condemn the most? The ones shooting bullets and tear-gas at youths reacting to their leader getting into trouble, again and again. Sikhala is the common target and denominator, since he got the courage to speak out and say his true opinion of the regime. That is why they are raiding his home, they are stopping the people from rioting and had the anti-riot police at his home. They really knew that this would happen and still they are blaming MDC-A for it all. 
 That is why it doesn’t make sense. They made this happen. They went after Sikhala again. A man they cannot rest, a man they got to bully and make him suffer. This is what the ZANU-PF does. 
 Sikhala deserves better, the constituency he represents deserves better. However, the authorities and regime doesn’t want to give the public that. Neither, give Job Sikhala justice either. Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  March 2, 2020March 2, 2020 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Job Sikhala ,  MDC-A ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front Leave a comment on Zimbabwe: 65th Time Job Sikhala MP get arrested and into trouble 
 Zimbabwe: Government Press Release (12.07.2019) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  July 12, 2019July 12, 2019 Format  Image Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Diplomacy ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Anasthancia Ndlovu ,  Augustine Chihuri ,  Constantino Chiwenga ,  Dr. H.N. Chfamba ,  Dr. John Mangudya ,  Elasto Mugwadi ,  Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa ,  Gen. Augustine Chihuri ,  Gen. Constantino Chiwenga ,  General Chihuri ,  George Charamba ,  George Mushipe ,  Gift Ostallos Siziba ,  Government of Zimbabwe ,  Innocent Hamadishe ,  J.P. Mangudya ,  Jessie Fungayi Majome ,  Job Sikhala ,  John Mangudya ,  John Panonetsa Mangudya ,  Jonathan Moyo ,  Joseph Chinotimba ,  Kudzanai Chipanga ,  Letinna Undenge ,  M.J.M. Sibanda ,  M.M. Nzuwah ,  Makhosini Hlongwane ,  Mandilitawepi Chimene ,  MDC ,  Mnangagwa ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  New Patriotic Front ,  Newbert Saunyama ,  Nicholas Mabhena ,  NPF ,  O. Muganyura ,  P. Sunguro ,  P.A. Chinamasa ,  Patrick Chinamasa ,  Patrick Zhuwao ,  Patriotic Front ,  Paul Chimedza ,  PF ,  Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga ,  Prof Mthuli Ncube ,  Republic of Zimbabwe ,  S. Kasizi ,  SADC ,  Samuel Undenge ,  Sandi Moyo ,  Saviour Kasukwere ,  Shadreck Mashayambe ,  Silsawochu ,  Simba Chikore ,  Simukayi Mutamangira ,  Sylvanos Mudzvova ,  Tendai Biti ,  Terrence Mukupe ,  Virgina Mabiza ,  W.L. Manunga ,  Walter Muzembi ,  Zanu ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zanu-PF Leadership ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ,  Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association ,  Zimbabwe's Government ,  ZNLWVA Leave a comment on Zimbabwe: Government Press Release (12.07.2019) 
 Zimbabwe: The New Dispensation are just new wine in old wineskins! 
 “We are a committed leadership that will give Zanu PF headaches and [Amos] Chibaya was not lying or joking about the war and fight we are going to take to the doorsteps of Emmerson Mnangagwa. We are going to overthrow him before 2023 that is not a joke”  -  Job Sikhala 
 " If Mnangagwa walks in the same smelly shoes as Robert Mugabe, us as the young people are ready to surrender ourselves before we surrender the democratic agenda."  -  Gift Ostallos Siziba 
 There is no difference between the New Dispensation and the old in the Second Republic. The ZANU-PF and its authorities cracks down on dissidents the same old way. Today, there are two leaders of Movement for Democratic Change – Alliance (MDC-A) in the Courts, as they have answer for their speech during the last weekend. 
 Job Sikhala  MP have to answer for his Treason Charge in Court in Bikita, Masvingo after being abducted yesterday, while his legal representation couldn’t find him or know his whereabouts yesterday. Certainly, a level of intimidation, the old guard of PF would be proud off. 
 Today, the MDC Youth leader  Gift Ostallos Siziba  have to answer for his speech at Mbare Magistrate Court. The current news of the verdict there is that he has to be moved to Rotten Row, because the Mbare cannot answer to the charges because of the codes the MDC leader has violated. Therefore, this case will be moved and will follow the man for while. His charges is incitement to commit public violence. 
 Both these cases shows what the PF is missing. An understanding of their role as government and as just society. They are clear to raise their opinion, to question the powers and wish for a change. This being by impeachments, by an election or even by an overthrow of government, ala the coup of November 2017, which the ZANU-PF had no trouble with ushering the violent military takeover of power post-Mugabe. 
 That is why the ZANU-PF should be a bit more careful about their methods and their charges of treason. Because, this gives even more reason to arrest, detain and charge the ones who are in power right now. The ones who used the ZDF and force to evict the G-40 part of ZANU-PF to install the Lacoste fraction of the party. They can laugh and giggle about it on their international travels, but the reality is there. 
 This is showing mediocre and weakness of the PF, instead of showing they are open for business. They are showing, they are open for police brutality and misuse power. Surely, that will only salvage donations and possible transaction with more despots. Because, who can trust a government, who detain their own over speeches and wishful thinking of a more fair governance, justice and rule of law. Which the PF is not serving the public. 
 The MDC-A is just supposed to exist and not be a viable alternative for the ZANU-PF. That is what the PF is acting like. Maybe, that is why they are arresting the MDC leaders. Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  July 11, 2019July 11, 2019 Categories  Africa ,  Development ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Anasthancia Ndlovu ,  Augustine Chihuri ,  Constantino Chiwenga ,  Dr. H.N. Chfamba ,  Dr. John Mangudya ,  Elasto Mugwadi ,  Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa ,  Gen. Augustine Chihuri ,  Gen. Constantino Chiwenga ,  General Chihuri ,  George Charamba ,  George Mushipe ,  Gift Ostallos Siziba ,  Government of Zimbabwe ,  Innocent Hamadishe ,  J.P. Mangudya ,  Jessie Fungayi Majome ,  Job Sikhala ,  John Mangudya ,  John Panonetsa Mangudya ,  Jonathan Moyo ,  Joseph Chinotimba ,  Kudzanai Chipanga ,  Letinna Undenge ,  M.J.M. Sibanda ,  M.M. Nzuwah ,  Makhosini Hlongwane ,  Mandilitawepi Chimene ,  MDC ,  Mnangagwa ,  Movement for Democratic Change ,  New Patriotic Front ,  Newbert Saunyama ,  Nicholas Mabhena ,  NPF ,  O. Muganyura ,  P. Sunguro ,  P.A. Chinamasa ,  Patrick Chinamasa ,  Patrick Zhuwao ,  Patriotic Front ,  Paul Chimedza ,  PF ,  Priscilla Misihairabwi-Mushonga ,  Prof Mthuli Ncube ,  Republic of Zimbabwe ,  S. Kasizi ,  SADC ,  Samuel Undenge ,  Sandi Moyo ,  Saviour Kasukwere ,  Shadreck Mashayambe ,  Silsawochu ,  Simba Chikore ,  Simukayi Mutamangira ,  Sylvanos Mudzvova ,  Tendai Biti ,  Terrence Mukupe ,  Virgina Mabiza ,  W.L. Manunga ,  Walter Muzembi ,  Zanu ,  Zanu-PF ,  Zanu-PF Leadership ,  Zimbabwe ,  Zimbabwe African National Union ,  Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ,  Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association ,  Zimbabwe's Government ,  ZNLWVA Leave a comment on Zimbabwe: The New Dispensation are just new wine in old wineskins! 
 Search for: Search 
 The New Posts 
 
 Mali: Forces Armées Maliennes (FAMa) – Communique du Chef d’Etat-Major General des Armees (25.01.2021) 
 Syria: Joint Statement on International Day of Education - Ten years of war in Syria, more than half of children continue to be deprived of education (24.01.2021) 
 Somalia: Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation - Press Release (25.01.2021) 
 As Liberation Day looms: It appears that Gen. Museveni never listened to the Report “Pearl of Blood” 
 General Museveni will deal with the Opposition the NRA Way 
 Kenya: Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Kenya Express Concerns of renewed Fighting in Bula Hawa, Somalia (25.01.2021) 
 Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights: ZLHR Condems Attacks on Medical Practitioners (24.01.2021) 
 Day 11: Bobi Wine is “freed” but is he really free though? 
 One South Africa: OSA to participate in 2021 Local Government Elections with independent candidates (25.01.2021) 
 Somalia: Ministry of Information, Culture & Tourism - Press Release (25.01.2021) 
 Opinion: Faki Mahamat’s “My Vision” is just rubbish… 
 Zimbabwe: Senior Hospital Doctors Association (SHDA) - Press Release (24.01.2021) 
 Mali: Forces Armées Maliennes (FAMa) – Communique du Chef d’Etat-Major General des Armees (24.01.2021) 
 Zimbabwe: Medical and Dental Private Practitioners of Zimbabwe Association (M.D.P.P.Z.A): COVID-19 and Medical Practice (24.01.2021) 
 Opinion: No “Medical Assassins” but an inept government 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 
 January 2021 
 
 
 December 2020 
 
 
 November 2020 
 
 
 October 2020 
 
 
 September 2020 
 
 
 August 2020 
 
 
 July 2020 
 
 
 June 2020 
 
 
 May 2020 
 
 
 April 2020 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 February 2020 
 
 
 January 2020 
 
 
 December 2019 
 
 
 November 2019 
 
 
 October 2019 
 
 
 September 2019 
 
 
 August 2019 
 
 
 July 2019 
 
 
 June 2019 
 
 
 May 2019 
 
 
 April 2019 
 
 
 March 2019 
 
 
 February 2019 
 
 
 January 2019 
 
 
 December 2018 
 
 
 November 2018 
 
 
 October 2018 
 
 
 September 2018 
 
 
 August 2018 
 
 
 July 2018 
 
 
 June 2018 
 
 
 May 2018 
 
 
 April 2018 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 February 2018 
 
 
 January 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 November 2017 
 
 
 October 2017 
 
 
 September 2017 
 
 
 August 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 June 2017 
 
 
 May 2017 
 
 
 April 2017 
 
 
 March 2017 
 
 
 February 2017 
 
 
 January 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 November 2016 
 
 
 October 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 August 2016 
 
 
 July 2016 
 
 
 June 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 April 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 December 2015 
 
 
 November 2015 
 
 
 October 2015 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 June 2015 
 
 
 May 2015 
 
 
 April 2015 
 
 
 March 2015 
 
 
 February 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 November 2014 
 
 
 October 2014 
 
 
 September 2014 
 
 
 August 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 June 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 April 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 October 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 August 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 June 2013 
 
 
 May 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 September 2012 
 
 
 August 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 June 2012 
 
 
 April 2012 
 
 
 March 2012 
 
 
 February 2012 
 
 
 January 2012 
 
 
 December 2011 
 
 
 November 2011 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Blog 
 If you want to follow this blog - add your mail here. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 Acholi Times 
 All Africa 
 Ann Therese 
 Bergen Anglicans 
 Bistandsaktuelt 
 Daily Monitor UG 
 Derrida the Constructionist 
 Eirik Soldal 
 Faith C. 
 Focus Uganda 
 Green Ubuntu - Lars Thore Fadnes blogg 
 Gretha's Univers 
 Joylyuki 
 Katolikken 
 Laget 
 SARA PIHL. NÆRE PÅ. 
 Semuwemba 
 THE #LJfiles 
 Twino Speaks! 
 Vakre Fullmåne 
 
 MinBane   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
