[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 There is No Such Thing as an Easy Job 
 Posted on  November 29, 2020  by  akin Adeleye   Leave a comment 
 In “There’s No Such Thing as an Easy Job,” author Kikuko Tsumura details the everyday struggles of modern life, focusing on our complicated relationships with work. 
 Taking her place among a growing number of exceptional female writers in Japan, Tsumura deftly handles work habits and relationships, stereotypes and expectations for success. She sets all of these against a repetitious, unending search for what is valuable and valued. The novel unfolds as a profound meditation on contemporary society and what makes work meaningful. 
 The novel’s unnamed narrator is 36 years old and single. She has no choice but to move in with her parents after quitting her 14-year career due to burnout syndrome. When her unemployment insurance runs out, she prepares to reenter the workforce with a dry matter-of-factness. Saying, “I’d sat down one day in front of my recruiter and informed her that I wanted a job as close as possible to my house. Ideally, something along the lines of sitting all day in a chair, overseeing the extraction of collagen for use in skincare products.” 
 There’s No Such Thing as an Easy Job 
 In her attempts to find work that is meaningless and undemanding, the narrator goes through five jobs over the course of a year. 
 In one role, she checks surveillance footage of a novelist who has unknowingly received priceless gems in a covert smuggling scheme. She then works as an assistant to an enigmatic Ms. Eriguchi in another job, writing pre-recorded advertisements. Taking on a 'leadership' role, she fills in for Mr. Kiyota. His life work is creating enlightening content to go on rice cracker packages. But at a point, he had to take a mental health break after failing to find a wife. 
 Whereas putting up posters in a neighborhood as a job may seem nothing glamorous, that is until it gets competitive. She inadvertently gains a mysterious adversary who posts competing signage. Finally in her last of five jobs rounds, she joins a national park’s maintenance crew. Her job is to monitor the forest from a small hut, surrounded by peculiarities such as a local soccer team’s lost apparel, missing breadfruit and a book from her pre-burnout life. 
 
 " I’d like it if this would help readers to know that even if they encounter feelings of despair in their working lives, it doesn’t have to be the end. Something else will come around.” 
 
 The narrator navigates each workplace’s demands and relationships with various coworkers. Gradually she becomes aware of a meaning underlying all endeavors in life, even those that seem bizarre. Each of the jobs, despite the increasingly absurd series of events, validates the interconnectedness of all actions. 
 It’s the kind of novel that presents a swathe of tangled threads, trusting the reader to weave together the connections on their own. 
 How Hard Is It To Find Meaning In The Modern Workplace? 
 “I was first drawn to the boldness of the concept. I remember reading a summary before reading the text itself and just thinking, ‘There’s no way that something like that can work,’” says translator Barton in an interview with The Japan Times. “And then I found myself as a reader so drawn in, just wanting to immerse in that world forever. It seemed like such a coup. Given that it was a book entirely about work. And we find out really nothing about the private life of the narrator," says Barton. 
 The novel finishes with a dose of wisdom about karma, extolling trust in the “ups and downs” of the universe. The narrator solves the jewel smuggling caper. She observes the mysterious power of spoken words. And then creates meaning in the mundane, and subverts the activities of a cult. 
 Finally, she helps another victim of burnout syndrome to reenter society. All while taking steps in her own recovery toward essential work. 
 For Tsumura, who sets many of her stories within the realm of working life, the English publication of her book is well-timed. The ongoing pandemic and an increase in remote work has forced many people to reevaluate their working lives and how it affects their search for a fulfilling life. 
 Hope For The World Of Jobs, Work, Life, Satisfaction And Despair 
 Tsumura recently told Barton that, “The narrator changes jobs many times, experiencing both satisfaction and frustration. But ultimately, she keeps on moving forward. Sometimes voluntarily, and sometimes pushed on by her situation. I’d like it if this would help readers to know that even if they encounter feelings of despair in their working lives, it doesn’t have to be the end. Something else will come around.” 
 
 There's No Such Thing as an Easy Job, by Kikuko Tsumura has 416 pages and is translated by Polly Barton. 
 In a time of both misinformation and too much information, quality journalism is more crucial than ever. By subscribing to  Japan Times  (the first place where the original of this write up was first featured), you can help them get more story right. 
 You may also like; 
 
 Define Worklife, Worklife Balance And Quality of Worklife 
 New Worklife Balance Ideas For Making ‘Work’ Work 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration – What’s The Difference? 
 
 Welcome to Worklife Feed   articles and site-files indexing and adaptation series. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  Anxiety ,  despair ,  emotions ,  Fear ,  frustration ,  Life ,  work-life ,  work-life balance ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  work-life integration ,  working_life ,  workplace conflicts 
 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Working Life 
 
 Thank you for visiting, leave a comment, start a conversation.  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 
 
 January 17, 2021 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (6) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (248) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (253) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (25) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
