  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Ideas & Perspectives   
 How to Build a Solid Professional Network by Volunteering 
 
 How to Build a Solid Professional Network by Volunteering 
 by Sharon Elber 
 Sure, volunteering looks great as a line or two on your  resume . However, if that is all you are getting from your charity work, then you are missing the boat. 
 In fact, working with a nonprofit to impact the lives of people in your community is a tremendous chance to showcase your professional skills, establish meaningful relationships across diverse business sectors, and cultivate meaningful connections that can translate into significant business contacts. 
 Whether you are currently in the job search, want to boost exposure for your business, or are driven to shift career paths down the road, volunteering is an excellent choice to bolster your chances for success. 
 Here are 10 practical tips to leverage volunteering to advance your career goals and expand your professional network along the way: 
 1. Explore Your Passions 
 Volunteering offers you the opportunity to be very picky about the issues you choose to put your energy towards. When you are passionate about the work you do, it shows. The people you meet and interact with as a result of your volunteer work are going to see you at your most engaged, maximizing the impression you will make on them. 
 When those same people become aware of a job opening that suits your skills, you are sure to come to mind! 
 2. Corporate Citizenship 
 If you are already working for a company that you love, there may be an opportunity to dovetail your volunteer work with your current career ambitions from within. Many businesses these days, both large and small, have learned that giving back is a way to build  customer loyalty  and build the reputation of the brand. 
 Be sure to investigate any opportunities to get involved at your current place of employment to maximize the visibility of your efforts and to meet well located people in your organization that you may not have had the chance to meet otherwise. 
 If your company does not currently have a program, consider pitching one and offering to take on some responsibility putting together a project that will engage the community and improve the reputation of your organization at the same time. 
 3. Aim for the Future 
 Even if you have a job, is it your dream job? If not, volunteering may offer you a chance to leverage towards a different career trajectory that is more in line with your deepest hopes for your ambitions. 
 If you are not quite sure where you want to go with your career, look for chances to try on something new to see if it is something that you enjoy and excel at. 
 4. Take on Responsibility 
 Look for chances to make use of and expand your professional skill set in your volunteer work. Not only will this boost your resume, it allows people to see you showing off your knowledge, experience and expertise in ways that relate directly to your career ambitions. 
 Volunteering offers unique opportunities to develop valuable  leadership skills  as well. It is a chance to take on a leadership role in an environment that can be less risky than at work. Be ready to learn from your mistakes and ask for help when you need it. 
 5. Manage Your Time 
 One of the biggest challenges of charitable work is that it can be so mentally and emotionally rewarding that it can become a distraction from other priorities. Making the most of volunteering requires that you balance it with other responsibilities including family, education, career and your personal needs. 
 Be ready to say “No thank you!” to additional responsibilities when you sense that your commitments are already stretched to the max. You aren’t helping anyone when you bite off more than you can chew. 
 6. Take a Risk 
 Sometimes, it can be dangerous to take on a new project that requires you to step out of your comfort zone at work. Fear of failure, pressure to produce results, and a competitive environment can make it extremely difficult to “jump in” to an area where you lack experience. 
 However, non-profit organizations tend to have a different culture. They tend to be more supportive of a “learn as you go” style of personal development, with plenty of experienced people around who are more than happy to step in and help you learn the ropes. 
 7. Be Visible at Public Events 
 Most volunteer organizations have public events such as information booths at local fairs, fundraisers, or other ways to raise awareness about the cause. These events offer a tremendous opportunity to meet new people, further expanding your professional network. 
 Bring some business cards to these events but wait until you have a good reason to give one out. For example, if in the course of a conversation about the cause, you learn that someone is a consultant in a business area that you have a special interest in. Be genuine in expressing your interest in that area of work, then offer to exchange contact information to keep in touch about any future opportunities. 
 8. Seek Meaningful Relationships 
 One of the advantages of volunteering is that it gives you exposure to people of all walks of life and career levels in industries and sectors you might otherwise have not access to. Look for chances to make the most of these opportunities by forging meaningful relationships around shared passions. 
 Be sure to be on the lookout for chances to contribute to the careers of others by making them aware of opportunities that are relevant to their vocational ambitions. This not only demonstrates that you are a team player, it cultivates a great deal of loyalty from the people you are able to help in this way. 
 9. Get the Word Out 
 If you are looking for a job or are interested in a career move, make sure that gets on people’s radar in a natural way. There is no shame in getting the word out about your career ambitions as long as you do not come off as desperate. 
 Your network is strongest if people are aware to put your name out there when the right career opportunities open up. 
 10. Keep That Chin Up 
 Finally, one of the biggest returns on volunteering your time is the payback in terms of keeping you purposeful and solutions oriented during a long job search. This can play a critical role in helping you maintain a  positive attitude  that can translate to stronger interviews along the way as you continue to look for the right paid position. 
 In addition to building your professional network, you will also be developing a social network that will be an important support system throughout the job search and beyond. Again, these significant relationships are much stronger and lasting than trading business cards at other  networking events  such as  career fairs  or meetings of professional organizations. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
