Skip to primary content 
 Books in Review II 
 
   
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Feeding Victory by Jobie Turner 
 Posted on  December 12, 2020  by   vvaposted 
 Lake George in the eighteenth century. The Western Front in Europe in 1917. Guadalcanal in the Pacific and Stalingrad in Russia during World War II. Khe Sanh in the Vietnam War. 
 With case studies of these five battlegrounds, retired U.S. Air Force Col. Jobie Turner examines logistic support advancements from preindustrial times to the modern era in  Feeding Victory: Innovative Military Logistics from Lake George to Khe Sanh  (University Press of Kansas, 400 pp. $39.95). The depth of Turner’s research is the foundation for the highly informative framework he uses to analyze modes of transportation and materiel delivery under bitterly contested combat conditions. 
 Turner holds a PhD in military strategy with an emphasis on logistics. During his twenty-four-year USAF career he served mostly in airlift operations as a pilot and commander of C-130J Super Hercules squadrons. During that time he logged 3,200 flight hours. Today he works for NORAD’s U.S. Northern Command as a J8 Program Analyst. 
 Improved modes of transportation have brought about great changes in logistics, Turner says. The military has benefitted from advances in technology ranging from wooden wagons and ships in the French and Indian War, to railroads and aircraft in the industrial age, and nuclear weapons and computers today. Across sea, land, and air, logistics have experienced a 165-fold expansion in cargo capacity since the late eighteenth century, thereby altering the critical relationship between logistics and warfare--and, ultimately, geopolitical dynamics. 
 Better transportation also has increased economic activity between nations. Following World War II, American technological dominance and a robust economy supported by a vast industrial base allowed the nation to dominate logistics worldwide—and made the President of the United States the leader of the free world, according to Turner. 
 Each of his five studies in the book emphasizes the advantages gained by the side that best controlled the period's dominant mode of transportation. Turner’s analysis of the 1968 Siege of Khe Sanh, for example, reveals a turning point in logistical theory. The United States supplied the base primarily (totally at times) by aircraft; the NVA relied on 2.5-ton trucks or materiel moved on foot. Both sides managed to fulfill their troops' basic needs. 
 “What the North Vietnamese Army lacked in technology,” Turner notes, “it made up for in sheer numbers of soldiers and support groups.” 
 Turner thoroughly explains the thinking of logisticians from the U.S. and North Vietnam and how geopolitics influence them. At Khe Sanh, the deciding factor was that "the line of communication through the air equated the capacity of land and water," Turner reports. Air then became an equivalent mode of transportation in war. 
 Although Khe Sanh was a tactical victory for the United States, it became part of a geopolitical setback at home among the American population. 
 Troops awaiting Medevac helicopters at Khe Sanh 
 (Dana Stone/United Press International  ) 
 Feeding Victory  leaves its reader somewhat stranded in the aftermath of the Vietnam War, over a half century ago. More-recent cases, such as the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, could have made Turner's arguments even more conclusive. He suggests the idea, but does not pursue it. 
 The book is not a casual read. It provides many facts and history lessons that provoke questions. Occasionally, I had to reread a section to fully understand Turner's reasoning. He includes a dissertation-like density of material on all sides of each study. Nearly a hundred pages of tightly packed notes, a bibliography, and an appendix support the text, which contains many figures and tables. 
 Although logistics are the book's primary theme, Turner also includes detailed accounts of military tactics and strategies, particularly in the last three studies. 
 Above all, Turner’s work proves the timeless value of studying the past. 
 —Henry Zeybel 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  History ,  Military History ,  Nonfiction ,  Vietnam War ,  Vietnam War military history  and tagged  Feeding Victory ,  Feeding Victory Jobie Turner ,  Jobie Turner ,  Jobie Turner book ,  Jobie Turner Military Logistics ,  Khe Sanh ,  Khe Sanh logistics  by  vvaposted . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
