Skip to content 
 
 MinBane 
 I write what I like. 
   
 Tag: Job 
 A look into the fear-mongering in modern day politics; while showing politicians who believed in building inclusive and unified nations; as a counter to the fear-mongering politicians! 
 This here is not easy write as it is such a fearful debate; I will discuss the matter of fear in politics. I have taken it in pieces here and there because the militarization is a distinguished part of politics these days as they have always been.  Military and armies have always been influential of how the political movement has been and how the structure of power has been established. But today I will not discuss the militarization of politics that I can do another day. Certainly I will discuss it more closely as it is ever present in politics.  While today the main topic is the other part of politics who is the rhetoric of spreading fear about foreign influence, immigrations or the foreign people in the country!  While I will counter them with leaders who wanted to build countries, and this in countries with many tribes and creeds as they have to work together to build the nations; these are the men I look up to, not the ones who spread fear, as that is the simplest and easiest tool to get the masses behind without showing a proper political policies or framework that can define a parties groundwork or ideology as the one goal is to do something fruitful as a politician. 
 FEAR and fear is a tool that many politicians use all over the globe. Usefully to gain political advantage and create a platform for their framework or even just cease the power the politicians wish to achieve. This piece will not be about Donald Trump even if he thrives on racial hatred and fear of the non-American value without being able to say what that is, which is from an outsider laughable, as it usually is the once spreading the fear use one Markie technic.  He will still have a space as he is so visible by doing it and how he uses that technic. 
 The first Markie technic from the politicians is finding the enemy, or if has to create the enemy. Usually a foreign forces, foreign people or foreign investments, as all of them will create a unstable environment and that these people, investors will take away the freedom and liberty, even steal the jobs that are there. T  his technic is used because the politician initially doesn’t have a political framework or policy on how to create the space of economic sense to find other solutions to make the laws, policies or the country’s budget to make a difference. 
 This will be most often by the biggest group of the people, neither the elite nor the educated; instead the majorities who have less education and more blue-collar work or industrial workers and the men and woman from both smaller towns and rural areas; as the capitals and central regions usually are more open and have more open approached to people and are more liberal in general. As the rural and smaller towns are further away therefore the people usually doesn’t get the same level of information as the central regions.  Even in the digital age and watching TV and tabloid news gives the masses quick-feeding news instead of the deep diving information.  This leads the masses and population into the levels of not checking the information or questioning the forces who spread certain information to the people. 
 Farage of UKIP has unemployment of British people because of immigration, and Romanians are the greatest criminals in the UK: 
 The fear they spread is like that East-European people are stealing the jobs in the United Kingdom as the party of United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage fears portrayed in his owns words:  “I would rather we had communities that were rather more united and we had a situation where young unemployed British people had a realistic chance of getting a job, so yes I do think the social side of this matters more than the pure market economics”  (Wintour, 2014). He also said this in 2013:  “There have been an astounding 28,000 arrests in the Metropolitan Police area of Romanians in the last five years alone…92 per cent of ATM crime in the capital is already being committed by Romanian gangs”  (Worral, 2013). This here is just typical living on fear as the place will only stay united if the British people is employed and chance of getting a job. That is not because of the market economics, but because of other reasons, that is typical rhetoric of men who thrive on fear, as he did the year before. As he then blamed Romanians for thieving as the Police had not the statics or proof of this number. It is as this is simply a matter that cannot be pure market economics. This proves the levels of fear that UKIP spreads with their words. Let me show you other people doing the same. 
 Wilders of the PVV believes the Western hemisphere will not survive with the influence of Islam: 
 As in Netherlands the level of fear spreading and finding the once creating issues there in words of Geert Wilders of his Dutch Party for Freedom (PVV) who has built a career on thriving the fear of foreign faiths and beliefs as his own exclusive piece he stated this:  “Islam is an existential threat to our Western freedoms and our Judeo-Christian civilization. It also threatens the Atlantic partnership between America and Western Europe. It is our duty to limit this threat. It is our mission as patriots to protect our nations. The first measure we must take to stop Islam, reduce the risk of terrorism and save our civilization, is to stop all immigration from Islamic countries. It is a matter of survival”  (Wilders, 2016). He proves his fear here that the level of problems coming to Europe through the Islamic faith is survival and if we don’t succumb to it we will be killed. This is demonetization of something else they yourself as it easier then unifying the countries and citizens. As the faiths are dangerous in his opinion as he does not have a framework or structure to regenerate or rejuvenate anything. Therefore he uses Islamic faith as a tool to spread fear for it as the immigration and immigrants from the countries of this faith is dangerous. That is rhetoric suited in the fear based policies. 
 Le Pen’s National Front fears a barbaric invasion of France: 
 In France you have Marine Le Pen of the National Front who has as her father lived on the fear in the French population and thriving on it as well. She has said this:  “Migrants are now wandering in our neighborhoods, around the train stations or in the slums, the cause for France of immense security and public hygiene problems”  (…)  “In the coming years, we could be in the presence of the invasions that were lived through in the Fourth Century,”  said Ms. Le Pen, referring to the Barbarian invasions of Western Europe” (Nossiter, 2015). She proves the level of fear as the immigrants even invading the country and create hygiene problems. This sound more like of a past parties that nobody really want to be associated with. Let me give you an example: “In 1935, Dr. J. Goebbels, Nazi Minister of Propaganda, made the unconsciously sardonic statement, _" National Socialism has simplified thinking for the German nation and brought it back to its earlier and primitive form” (_Krzesinski, 1945). It is nearly the same the fear level of Le Pen as the fear of the nation back to the primitive aggression of the barbarian invasion will come back, if they don’t take care of the society. 
 Siv Jensen of Norway does not want to the state of Malmø to Norway  : 
 There leaders like this in Norway as well, take for example Siv Jensen of Fremskrittspartiet (The Progressive Party) who said this in 2013:  ”If we permit this, Oslo and other Norwegian cities may approach the state of Malmö [Sweden], where emergency service personnel do not dare to enter certain parts of the city, and where Sharia law has entirely taken over. That is the reality in Sweden; we are not attempting to scaremonger”  (Alm, 2013). She proves that ability as the counterparts in Europe to put Islamic people and their faith in one basket and expect everybody to be the same. It’s ironic that she is saying she is not scaremonger, while portraying a bleak picture if we let them come and we will create Malmø in Norway as well. That just proves to what an extent she goes to establish an enemy to generate votes. 
 Donald Trump having issues with Mexicans: 
 Let me take Donald Trump as well, the American who also uses them versus us rhetoric to gain votes. See here:  ““When Mexico (meaning the Mexican Government) sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you (pointing to the audience). They’re not sending you (pointing again). They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems to us. They’re bringing drugs.They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people!  But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we’re getting. And it only makes common sense. They’re sending us not the right people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably from the Middle East. But we don’t know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don’t know what’s happening. And it’s got to stop and it’s got to stop fast.” (…)  ”The Mexican Government wants an open border as long as it’s a ONE WAY open border into the United States. Not only are they killing us at the border, but they are killing us on trade … and the country of Mexico is making billions of dollars in doing so”  (Walker, 2015). This here proves the fear mongering technic of Trump as he has nothing else, as the Mexicans are the issue, they creates the bad business and trade, they bring the wrong people to the United States and so on. This here is just like the right-wing politician who uses this level of fear to generate votes. He thrive on it and get the afraid white votes in United States, as they can’t check if this is true or not. 
 Now I want to go to something positive as the ones above has just spread the words of fear and that the world we are living is going to hell if we let our neighbors and refugees get a place to stay our whole system will collapse and Armageddon will come quicker than a Mel Gibson racist rant. This here is one part of the politicians that are out there and they are gaining and getting crowds; people are following it and respecting them. As fearful it is. But let me prove the different men and woman who creates unity and implement proper politics and framework, not FEAR as the only tool to build support. The healthy political venue and also show how to respect and create peace In between people and tribes. 
 As one of greatest statesmen ever (in my opinon) wrote about unity for his fellow countrymen in Tanzania in 1967: 
 “A truly. socialist state is one in which all people are workers and in which neither capitalism nor feudalism exists. It does not have two classes of people, a lower class composed of people who work for their living, and an upper class of people who live on the work of others. In a really socialist country no person exploits another; everyone who is physically able to work does so; every worker obtains a just return for the labour he performs; and the incomes derived from different types of work are not grossly divergent  . In a socialist country, the only people who live on the work of others, and who have the right to be dependent upon their fellows, are small children, people who are too old to support themselves, the crippled, and those whom the state at any one time cannot provide with an opportunity to work for their living”  (…)”  The development of a country is brought about by people, not by money. Money, and the wealth it represents, is the result and not the basis of development. The four prerequisites of development are different; they are (i) People; (ii) Land; (iii) Good Policies; (iv) Good Leadership. Our country has more than ten million people1 and is are; is more than 362,000 square miles”  (Nyerere, 1967). This man shows the real material and values of somebody uniting the people even if he does not even want the nation into classes, some people might see it socialism and Marxism. And the maxim does not need be in that way to become peaceful or uniting. Let me take a man who speaks peace between people and not having socialist feeling, still proving the possibility of unification between people. 
 How Dr. Kenneth Kaunda united the tribes of Zambia: 
 “Interviewer: United 72 tribes together was a major challenge. How did you manage, as the First President of Zambia, to overcome such thing?”  His answer:  ”   It was very important and a difficult situation for us as a country. We still had our small tribes and we still did not know what was coming ahead of us. We had to build all this up into ‘One Zambia, One Nation’. Living this slogan is not just something that was talked about, but something that Zambians believed in, and they began living and behaving in the spirit of unity as quoted in the slogan”  (Winne, 2015). His other important question: “  As the First President, you have implemented humanism and nationalisation of the economy. What were the main reasons for doing so?”  His answer to the question: “Humanism formed a basis to guide everything that was done or implemented in the country. Moreover, the economy has to be nationalised to help raise the standards of living for the poverty stricken people” (…)  ”At the time, there was racial segregation and the challenge was to tackle this situation. It was important for people to understand that it was not their colour that mattered, but rather the behaviour of the person. As such, humanism became important and it helped us overcome racial segregation. The concept of humanism meant that all human being lived united according to how God wants them to live”  (Winne, 2015). Dr. Kenneth Kaunda does something important and says that the value is the people of all the tribes belongs to the country and pride in the idea of one Zambia. Not segregating, that was the matter with humanism and let the people be united. It proves the greatness in believing in that if people unify they will be stronger. 
 Let me take the new Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau who speaks totally different on cultural differences than other in western hemisphere: 
 “Canadians have proven that a nation can be strong not in spite of our differences but because of them, and we all have a responsibility to be custodians of this country’s character. Canada’s success is rooted in its unique approach to liberty through inclusive diversity. While we have built vital institutions like the Charter, sustaining this liberty requires continued political leadership”  (Liberal, 2015). He believes that the diversity through liberty is a reason for success for Canada, while his counterparts in Europe fear the diversity and sure the world will fall into abyss, he differ; as he continues on his victory speech: “To her I say this:  you and your fellow citizens have chosen a new government, a government that believes deeply in the diversity of our country.  We know in our bones that Canada was built by people from all corners of the world who worship every faith, who belong to every culture, who speak every language” (…)  ”We believe in our hearts that this country’s unique diversity is a blessing bestowed upon us by previous generations of Canadians, Canadians who stared down prejudice and fought discrimination in all its forms. We know that our enviable, inclusive society didn’t happen by accident and won’t continue without effort. I have always known this; Canadians know it too. If not, I might have spoken earlier this evening and given a very different speech”  (Trudeau, 2015). He proves his faith in the diversity and how that built the country and an inclusive society. The positive belief that people of all kinds can build a society together; as the Canadians can and that all of them can build the country no matter creed, language or faith that is telling that nobody is enemies of the idea of Canada. That is a strong unifying message! 
 **Another hero with a unifying message to his people was first ANC President in South Africa, Nelson Mandela on his inauguration on the 10 th May 1994: ** 
 “That spiritual and physical oneness we all share with this common homeland explains the depth of the pain we all carried in our hearts as we saw our country tear itself apart in a terrible conflict, and as we saw it spurned, outlawed and isolated by the peoples of the world, precisely because it has become the universal base of the pernicious ideology and practice of racism and racial oppression” (…)  ”We trust that you will continue to stand by us as we tackle the challenges of building peace, prosperity, non-sexism, non-racialism and democracy”  (…)”We deeply appreciate the role that the masses of our people and their political mass democratic, religious, women, youth, business, traditional and other leaders have played to bring about this conclusion. Not least among them is my Second Deputy President, the Honourable F.W. de Klerk” (…)  ”We have, at last, achieved our political emancipation. We pledge ourselves to liberate all our people from the continuing bondage of poverty, deprivation, suffering, gender and other discrimination”  (…)”We have triumphed in the effort to implant hope in the breasts of the million of our people. We enter into a covenant that we shall build the society in which all South Africans, both black and white, will be able to walk tall, without any fear in their hearts, assured of their inalienable right to human dignity - a rainbow nation at peace with itself and the world” (…)  ”We are both humbled and elevated by the honour and privilege that you, the people of South Africa, have bestowed on us, as the first President of a united, democratic, non-racial and non-sexist government” (…)”We understand it still that there is no easy road to freedom”  (…)”We know it well that none of us acting alone can achieve success” (…)  ”We must therefore act together as a united people, for national reconciliation, for nation building, for the birth of a new world”  (Mandela, 1994). He has faith that the white and blacks could build a country on a road to freedom, as a united people, not that it would be easy, still wanted the country to be a rainbow nation and let everybody walk with dignity. Mandela does not make anybody enemies, but says the people and the government must be united for a reconciliation and building the nation, as a united people. That gives not only a certain people the responsibility, but both people and government. Also that he earlier says that not only the former ethnic difference has to be changed, but also the economic bondage and other discrimination, therefore he sees the whole society. 
 Afterthought: 
 I wanted to show the difference between those who spreads fear and the ones who see multiculturalism as the fear levels certain politicians are sending is just horrific.  They disrespect the intelligence of the audience and society. Not to talk about the long living history of different people living in the same area, different religions in the same dominion and so on. 
 I hate the way the fear of other people being used and the way it supposed to destroy the nations and governments, the reason for unemployment and so on. The fear is just a given from this men and woman because they don’t have a  political framework  or  political policy  worth listening to. The people don’t need to look at the basic parts of their plans. They can see that the ideal that they carry is a fairytale story, instead of building nations and a legacy that they really will be remembered by. 
 While the once had a faith the people of the country and their support too actually to address the way ahead, instead of finding an enemy and creating a problem to fight together. That proves certainty of leadership, instead of making up and saying that people are coming to steal, invades or take the jobs; because the men who say  that the people could unite and become one has tried to generate positive development and made history by doing so . Even though the Canadian Prime Minister has just recent one the campaign in 2015, so he needs some time. While Nelson Mandela, Julius Nyerere and Dr. Kenneth Kaunda did their countries, good, still Nyerere and Kaunda also made wrong decisions, but their initial try and their vision has created peace between the tribes and made the country envisioned in the idea of Zambia and United Republic of Tanzania. That shows the great work of these men and their level of starting to build a state. That does not come easy. 
 I will another day look into the way certain government uses militarism to generate fear in the population, as this is the fear of an invisible enemy or an enemy amongst the citizens. That the citizens should be aware and that the unity will be gone if they get to be a part of the people and united together. As differs from the people who tries to build their nations, or even believe that the multiculturalism is a reason why the country is succeeding as the Canadian PM says. I am sure if we had an discussion between Trudeau and the Wilders it would be heated, even with Le Pen and Trudeau would make a general fight of ethics and how to make society great. As Le Pen and Wilders has another view and uses the fear to generate votes in their countries. While Trudeau salutes multiculturalism. Donald Trump even massively lives and thrives on throwing immigrants under the bridge, while he marries immigrants (that is a side-note check that fact yourself). 
 That is enough for today. Remember we are as strong as our friendships, as we united against hatred and those who create fear. We the rest who really see through their shenanigans and racist behavior, even pro-nationalism men and woman who address fellow human beings as lesser people, should think more through their words.  As we all have the same needs and needs the same kind of childhood, livelihood, education and life. The difference is the staple-food, the environment and so on.  So that they establish the other people as significant different is just  ignorance  and also  wrong . As the thing you can learn from other cultures can enrichen your life and your thoughts as the world really get smaller and at the same time more complex. But the men and woman who speaks fear and thrive on it does not have the interest for that. I would doubt that. 
 Last thought, a reason why the fear-mongers get a big space in society: 
 I am one of them who stand by the men and woman who believes in multiculturalism and also in the possibility of unity and unifying the countries. Not that is easy, but the constant dialogue and the continuation to listen, and come to a consensus can bring hope between all groups of society instead of looking for enemies or blaming other people in society. As the other people looks for and can’t find a way to build or rebuild society, they find immigrants and Islamic faithful as the men and woman that creates the social issues, not the basic wrongs in government or free-market thinking, even in post-modern Europe, but that is not a question for now.  This here is something that should be considered; as there might be a vacuum of power and levels of from central government and the citizens, and that is why this politicians who spreads fear get a the giant microphone and place in society, instead of the people who has certainty thoughts and ideals to build peace together and not creating fear of each other in society!  Peace. 
 Reference: 
 Alm, Christina – ‘Siv Jensen of the Norwegian Progress Party – embattled and popular’ (06.06.2013) link:  http://www.d-intl.com/2013/06/06/siv-jensen-of-the-norwegian-progress-party-embattled-and-popular/ 
 Krzesinski, Andrew J. – ‘NATIONAL CULTURES, NAZISM AND THE CHURCH’ (1945) - . Rare Books and Manuscripts. Book 17 link:  http://digital.kenyon.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1016&context=rarebooks 
 Liberal – ‘Statement by Liberal Party of Canada Leader Justin Trudeau on the anniversary of multiculturalism’ (07.10.2015) link:  https://www.liberal.ca/statement-by-liberal-party-of-canada-leader-justin-trudeau-on-the-anniversary-of-multiculturalism/ 
 Mandela, Nelson – ‘Nelson Mandela at his inauguration as President of South Africa, Pretoria’ (10.05.1994) link:  http://mandela.gov.za/mandela_speeches/1994/940510_inauguration.htm 
 Nossiter, Adam – ‘For Marine Le Pen, Migration Is a Ready-Made Issue’ (05.10.2015) link:  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/06/world/europe/for-marine-le-pen-migration-is-a-ready-made-issue.html?_r=0 
 Nyerere, Julius – ‘The Arusha Declaration’ (05.02.1967) link:  https://www.marxists.org/subject/africa/nyerere/1967/arusha-declaration.htm 
 Trudea, Justin – ‘Victory Speech’ (20.10.2015) link:  http://www.macleans.ca/politics/ottawa/justin-trudeau-for-the-record-we-beat-fear-with-hope/ 
 Walker, Hunter – ‘Donald Trump just released an epic statement raging against Mexican immigrants and 'disease' (06.07.2015) link:  http://uk.businessinsider.com/donald-trumps-epic-statement-on-mexico-2015-7?r=US&IR=T 
 Wintour, Patrick – ‘Nigel Farage: Ukip wants five-year ban on immigrants settling in UK’ (07.01.2014) link:  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jan/07/ukip-ban-immigrants-nigel-farage 
 Winne – ‘Zambia: Interview with Dr. Kenneth Kaunda’ (14.04.2015) link:  http://www.winne.com/zm/interviews/dr-kenneth-kaunda 
 Wilders, Geert – ‘EXCLUSIVE – Geert Wilders: Stopping Islamic Immigration Is a Matter of Survival’ (09.02.2016) link:  http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2016/02/09/stopping-islamic-immigration-is-a-matter-of-survival/ 
 Worrall, Patrick – ‘FactCheck: Nigel Farage’s Ukip conference speech’ (20.09.2013) link:  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-nigel-farages-ukip-conference-speech/15888 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  March 9, 2016March 9, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  America ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Daily Life ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Europe ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Industry ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics ,  Western-Hemisphere Tags  African National Congress ,  America ,  ANC ,  Atlantic Partnership ,  ATM Crime ,  Baba wa Taifa ,  Bad Business ,  Barbarian invasion ,  Barbarian Invasions ,  Blame Game ,  British ,  British People ,  Build Peace ,  Central Government ,  Challange ,  Citizens ,  Civilization ,  classes ,  Conflict ,  Crime ,  De Klerk ,  Democratic ,  Discrimination ,  divergent ,  Diversity ,  Donald Trump ,  Dr. Kenneth Kaunda ,  Europe ,  F.W. de Klerk ,  Fear ,  Fear of Immigrants ,  Fear Politics ,  Fear-Mongering ,  Fourth Century ,  Freedom ,  Fremskrittspartiet ,  FRP ,  Geert Wilders ,  Generate Votes ,  God ,  Goebels ,  Good Leadership ,  Good Policies ,  GOP ,  GOP Presidential Candidate ,  Government of Mexico ,  Government of South Africa ,  Government of Tanzania ,  Government of Zambia ,  Human Dignity ,  Humanism ,  Ideas ,  immigration ,  Inclusive Government ,  inclusive society ,  Income ,  Islam ,  Islamic People ,  Job ,  Joseph Goebels ,  Judeo-Christian ,  Justin Trudea ,  Labour ,  Latin America ,  Le Pen ,  Liberty ,  Malmø ,  Marine Le Pen ,  Marxism ,  Material ,  Metropolitan Police ,  Mexican Government ,  Mexico ,  Middle East ,  Money ,  Multiculturalism ,  Mwalimu Julius Nyerere ,  Mwalimu Nyerere ,  National Front ,  National Socialism ,  Nelson Mandela ,  Nigel Farage ,  non-racialism ,  Non-Sexist Government ,  Norway ,  Nyerere ,  One People One Zambia ,  Patriots ,  Pernicious Ideology ,  Police ,  Political Leadership ,  Politics of Fear ,  Post-Modern Europe ,  Poverty ,  poverty stricken country ,  Power ,  Prejudice ,  prereguisites ,  President Kaunda ,  President Mandela ,  President Nyerere ,  Pride ,  Produce ,  Prosperity ,  Public Hygiene ,  Racial Oppression ,  Republic of Zambia ,  Republican Party ,  Rhetoric ,  Romania ,  Romanians ,  Sharia Law ,  Siv Jensen ,  Small Tribes ,  Socialism ,  socialist country ,  South Africa ,  Sweden ,  TANU ,  Terrorism ,  The Arusha Declaration 1967 ,  The Progressive Party ,  Tribe ,  UK ,  UKIP. United Kingdom ,  Unemployment ,  Unify ,  Unifying Principals ,  United Kingdom Independence Party ,  United Republic of Tanzania ,  United States ,  United States of America ,  Universial Base ,  USA ,  Wealth ,  Western Europe ,  World ,  ZA ,  Zambia ,  Zambians Leave a comment on A look into the fear-mongering in modern day politics; while showing politicians who believed in building inclusive and unified nations; as a counter to the fear-mongering politicians! 
 "It is time for change"- Special Edition Bokamoso by Mmusi Maimane 
 Statement for the video from Mmusi Maimane: 
 Now is the time for South Africans to take their destiny into their own hands, and stop Jacob Zuma before he destroys what is left of our democracy and our economy. 
 And when I say South Africans, I don’t just mean DA supporters. I mean each and every South African who cares about this nation. 
 This includes all the good people within the ANC who perhaps feel they cannot stand up to Jacob Zuma. This man is using you to enrich himself. 
 Now, more than ever, we need people to unite for a common cause and against a common enemy. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  December 13, 2015December 13, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Corruption ,  Crime ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  African National Congress ,  Airbus Deal ,  ANC ,  ANC Cronies ,  Better Future ,  Billons ,  Cronies ,  DA ,  Democracy ,  Democratic Alliance ,  Economic ,  Economic Leadership ,  Government Buyout ,  Government of South Africa ,  Grades ,  Investor ,  Investor Confidence ,  Jacob Zuma ,  Job ,  Jobs ,  Johannesburg ,  Johannesburg Stock Exchange ,  Mmusi Maimane ,  Muncipality Election 2016 ,  National Treasury ,  Nhanhla Nene ,  Nuclear Deal ,  President Zuma ,  Rand ,  Solidarity ,  South Africa ,  South African ,  South African National Treasury ,  Unemployment ,  Work Leave a comment on "It is time for change"- Special Edition Bokamoso by Mmusi Maimane 
 "Equitable University Access is Achievable" - Bokamosa by Mmusi Maimane 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  October 30, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Economy ,  Education ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Infrastructure ,  Law ,  Politics ,  Tax ,  Trade Tags  #Vision2029 ,  Accomodation ,  Afford ,  African National Congress ,  ANC ,  Blade Nzimande ,  Bokamosa ,  Create Jobs ,  DA ,  Democratic Alliance ,  Education ,  Fair Loans ,  Food ,  Free Education ,  Free University Fee ,  Government Subsidy ,  Jacob Zuma ,  Job ,  Loan ,  Ministry of Higher Education and Training ,  Mmusi Maimane ,  Nkandla ,  Nkandla Security Upgrades ,  Poverty ,  Qualify ,  Race ,  Rich ,  South Africa ,  Student ,  Student Loan ,  Student Policy ,  Working Class Leave a comment on "Equitable University Access is Achievable" - Bokamosa by Mmusi Maimane 
 Search for: Search 
 The New Posts 
 
 FDU-Inkingi - Rwanda: Mothers Separated from their Babies and Dumped in Vagrant Centres (23.01.2021) 
 Ethiopian Human Rights Council (EHRCO): Human Rights Situation in Tigray Region requires an immediate solution (22.01.2021) 
 Burundi: Declaration Conjointe des Organisations de la Societe Civile Burundaise - La Police Burundaise doit cesser la Manipulation Frauduleuse des Dossiers Judiciares en cours d'Instruction ! (23.01.2021) 
 ACT-Wazalendo: The 2021 Election in Uganda was another joke to Democracy in Africa (23.01.2021) 
 Sudan: OHCHR - Press briefing notes on Sudan - Darfur, 22 January 2021 (22.01.2021) 
 Sudan: Ten children killed and seven injured in recent wave of violence in West Darfur, Sudan (22.01.2021) 
 Nigeria: Great Biafra's Peoples' Army - Never Again to Nigeria's Hostility (22.01.2021) 
 Zimbabwe: African Commission on Humanand People's Rights - Press Statement on the arrest and pre-trial detention of Mr. Hopewell Chin'ono (21.01.2021) 
 A look into Bobi Wine’s Post Election Address (22.01.2021) 
 RDC: Regroupement Politique - PALU et Allies - Declaration d'Appartenance a la Nouvelle Majorite Parlementaire au Sein de l'Assemblee Nationale (Legislature 2019-2023) - (21.01.2021) 
 Opinion: Nakiwala Kiyingi lost twice in a row – What now? 
 Sudan: UNISFA worried about renewed killings despite peace efforts (22.01.2021) 
 RDC: Alliance pour la Transformation Integrale du Congo "A.T.I.C" - Communique No. 002 (21.01.2021) 
 Cameroun: United4Cameroon - Communique (21.01.2021) 
 RDC: Claudel Andre Lubaya - Declaration d'Appartenance a la Nouvelle Majorite Parlementaire au Sien de l'Assemblee National (Legislature 2019 - 2023) - (21.01.2021) 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 
 January 2021 
 
 
 December 2020 
 
 
 November 2020 
 
 
 October 2020 
 
 
 September 2020 
 
 
 August 2020 
 
 
 July 2020 
 
 
 June 2020 
 
 
 May 2020 
 
 
 April 2020 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 February 2020 
 
 
 January 2020 
 
 
 December 2019 
 
 
 November 2019 
 
 
 October 2019 
 
 
 September 2019 
 
 
 August 2019 
 
 
 July 2019 
 
 
 June 2019 
 
 
 May 2019 
 
 
 April 2019 
 
 
 March 2019 
 
 
 February 2019 
 
 
 January 2019 
 
 
 December 2018 
 
 
 November 2018 
 
 
 October 2018 
 
 
 September 2018 
 
 
 August 2018 
 
 
 July 2018 
 
 
 June 2018 
 
 
 May 2018 
 
 
 April 2018 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 February 2018 
 
 
 January 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 November 2017 
 
 
 October 2017 
 
 
 September 2017 
 
 
 August 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 June 2017 
 
 
 May 2017 
 
 
 April 2017 
 
 
 March 2017 
 
 
 February 2017 
 
 
 January 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 November 2016 
 
 
 October 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 August 2016 
 
 
 July 2016 
 
 
 June 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 April 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 December 2015 
 
 
 November 2015 
 
 
 October 2015 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 June 2015 
 
 
 May 2015 
 
 
 April 2015 
 
 
 March 2015 
 
 
 February 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 November 2014 
 
 
 October 2014 
 
 
 September 2014 
 
 
 August 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 June 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 April 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 October 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 August 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 June 2013 
 
 
 May 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 September 2012 
 
 
 August 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 June 2012 
 
 
 April 2012 
 
 
 March 2012 
 
 
 February 2012 
 
 
 January 2012 
 
 
 December 2011 
 
 
 November 2011 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Blog 
 If you want to follow this blog - add your mail here. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 Acholi Times 
 All Africa 
 Ann Therese 
 Bergen Anglicans 
 Bistandsaktuelt 
 Daily Monitor UG 
 Derrida the Constructionist 
 Eirik Soldal 
 Faith C. 
 Focus Uganda 
 Green Ubuntu - Lars Thore Fadnes blogg 
 Gretha's Univers 
 Joylyuki 
 Katolikken 
 Laget 
 SARA PIHL. NÆRE PÅ. 
 Semuwemba 
 THE #LJfiles 
 Twino Speaks! 
 Vakre Fullmåne 
 
 MinBane   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
