Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pets Hotel Manager 
 PetSmart 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR PETS HOTEL: 
Pets are family members and we know it’s not always easy for them to be away from their parents! That's why it's important that we provide a safe, fun and reliable home away from home for all the pets who stay in our hotels. As a Pets Hotel Manager, you'll oversee all day-to-day operations of our Pets Hotel—from head to tail! 
 ABOUT OUR TEAM: 
In a hotel as big as ours, we need all hands (and paws!) on deck to ensure we are operating efficiently. So, as a Pets Hotel Manager, you’ll help lead the team in the following areas: 
 Customer Engagement:  You’ll lead the pack when it comes to engaging with pets and pet parents. You’ll spend time getting to know each of our visitors, including their unique personalities, and ensure it’s a great experience that will keep them coming back to play! 
 Safety:  These pets become our own while they are in our care, so their safety is our top priority. As the Pets Hotel Manager, you’ll foster a happy, healthy, and clean environment for pets and associates, including regular policy audits. 
 Team Leadership:  You will hire, train and encourage a team of dedicated Pets Hotel associates to provide an unforgettable customer experience. 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
Just like we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career, too. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit—from the Pets Hotel to the retail store to the salon 
Develop your leadership skills as an Assistant Store Manager or a Store Manager 
Tackle the challenge of a new hotel opening or turn around a struggling location 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 retail stores nationwide *Note, not every store has a Pets Hotel 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 We look forward to seeing your application to join our Pets Hotel Management Team! 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
