WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allWritingjobs 
 Guides Editor 
 IGN Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 7, 2021 
 Full Time 
 S.F. or L.A. 
 Remote 
 IGN’s editorial team is made up of all kinds of people that share a common love of games, TV, movies, comics, tech, and all things geeky. We strongly encourage people of every race, gender, sexual orientation, and background to apply. Our team is seeking a new member who can show others how to be awesome at games via written strategy guides and videos.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 What does that mean exactly?  ‍ 
 
 You’ll collaborate with a team to create  detailed walkthroughs  filled with screenshots you’ll take and maps you’ll make, all packaged with an eye towards clarity and accuracy of information, SEO, and mobile convenience. 
 You'll play and capture games of all sorts to create  video guides  for tips you write, cheats, Easter eggs, and collectibles that you find. This sometimes includes audio commentary. 
 You’ll  work closely with freelancers  to edit their work, plan strategy guide projects, and to use analytics and SEO tools to direct their work. 
 You’ll  promote game help content  on IGN’s many platforms (IGN.com, YouTube, Snapchat etc.) with smart headlines and unique angles. 
 Side quests include  participating in the creation of all IGN content  , including reviews, news, previews, and appearances on shows and podcasts.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 What will get our attention?  ‍ 
 
 You have experience working SEO terms and phrases naturally into your work so it reads well for humans (and one very particular robot). 
 You have published videos/streams showing off your game skills, preferably across different games and genres. 
 You have experience with Adobe Premiere Pro or similar video editing software. 
 You have the coolest personal organizational system out of anyone you know (and can apply to big strategy guide projects)  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 It would be extra awesome if…  ‍ 
 
 You have experience working with game developers and PR, and have industry contacts. 
 You are part of a gaming community, whether it’s an MMO guild or nightly Fortnite meetup. 
 You can demonstrate knowledge of and experience with a varied line-up of games, including in-depth knowledge of some of the most popular games on the market. 
 You’re an IGN reader/watcher and active community member. 
 You are comfortable and confident in sharing your opinions on camera. Every member of our content team is welcome to participate in video projects. 
 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 IGN is hiring a Guides Editorto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Guides EditorIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Triband is hiring a Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKNarrative DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Shiro Games is hiring a Senior Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromBordeaux, FRSenior Narrative DesignerShiro Games | Bordeaux, FRLearn More 
 Squanch Games is hiring a Writerto join their team into work fromAnywhereWriterSquanch Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Giant Army is hiring a Science Writer & Community Advocateto join their team into work fromAnywhereScience Writer & Community AdvocateGiant Army | AnywhereLearn More 
 PC Gamer is hiring a News Writerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomNews WriterPC Gamer | United KingdomLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
