Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Data & Regulatory Coordinator 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Clinical Data & Regulatory Coordinator in our Division of Medical Oncology and Hematology. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 The Division of Medical Oncology and Hematology, University Health Network requires a Clinical Data & Regulatory Coordinator to work with its clinical trial portfolio across multiple disease sites. 
 The Clinical Data & Regulatory Coordinator participates in the coordination of clinical trials from protocol review and approval through to activation, follow up and trial closure. Principal responsibilities include monitoring and promoting the quality and integrity of data, recording clinical trial data in case report forms (CRFs), and compilation of ethics and regulatory documents. The coordination and monitoring of data is performed in accordance with the trial protocol, hospital and departmental guidelines and professional standards of practice. Data is assessed, compiled, recorded and submitted to cooperative groups and/or pharmaceutical companies or used for internal PMH studies. All data must be complete, accurate, timely and must be in compliance with applicable ICH-GCP, FDA and US federal code and Tri-Council regulations. The Clinical Data Coordinator must be able to interpret the applicable regulations in order to ensure compliance. Quality assurance procedures are utilized to ensure high quality data is obtained. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
At minimum, a completion of a Bachelor’s degree program, or recognized equivalent in Health or Science Related Discipline 
At least two (2) years experience in Oncology and/or Clinical trials. Demonstrated relevant clinical research knowledge, previous experience in hematological and/or solid tumor disease sites is an asset 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, excellent organization, prioritization skills, good computer skills, ability to learn quickly and work independently 
Excellent interpersonal skills 
Ability to work under pressure with attention to detail 
Ability to perform duties in a professional and courteous manner and produce high quality work while meeting deadlines in accordance to UHN standards 
Ability to perform multiple concurrent tasks 
Knowledge of applicable legislative, UHN and/or departmental policies 
Client service oriented, with the ability to effectively work with diversity and appreciate that people with different opinions, backgrounds and characteristics bring richness to the challenge or situation at hand 
Satisfactory attendance 
Certification as a Clinical Research Professional, preferred 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 POSTING DATE:  November 12, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until filled 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
