Skip to content 
     
 Staying the Course 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 
 Category: Job Search 
 One whole Month 
 Published on  August 1, 2020  by  mterrazas32 2 Comments 
 In a previous post, I blog about that I found a full-time job during the pandemic crises the world is going though. At the same time several cities in the United States were seeing an increase in covid19 cases, even here at home. What a way to enter the work force? Well, am glad to say that it been one whole month now since I started working. So far it going well and am still in training. Basically I am reviewing, scanning and entering employees information into the system. I go through these applications, checking to see all paper work has been submitted, information is correct and signatures are signed. If I spot something that missing or incorrect, I send it back for it to get corrected. It pretty straight forward, but of course there are procedures to follow. 
 As for the work environment it pretty laid back given that the majority of the employees are working from home. I along with other employee are required to work from the office since we dealing with sensitive information. Of course everyone is following health guide lines and wearing a mask when they enter the building, walking in the hall ways or can't keep a social distance between other employees. For me I keep my mask on all day even through it a pain in the butt. I explain that in another post. From the time I walk into the building, sitting down at my desk and taking a break and when I leave, I have my mask on. Also I keep in a small backpack, a small bottle of hand sanitizer, a small pack of hand wipes and two extra pair of mask just in case my mask fall on the floor or breaks. 
 Isn't it strange, we are already past half way through 2020. Well where ever you are in the world I hope you are doing well. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search •Tags  blogging ,  career ,  covid19 ,  job ,  mask ,  panemic ,  writing 
 First day of work during pandemic 
 Published on  July 11, 2020July 18, 2020  by  mterrazas32 5 Comments 
 Last week I started working at my new job, Full-time Job!!:) I never thought I was going to find a job with all this craziness we have going on with COVID-19. I thought with COVID-19, companies were going to hold off hiring since some of them moved to working from home and have postpone their hiring. My first day was two Mondays ago and like any other job my first day was just completing paper work, making sure I understood company polices and all that other stuff. That was basically my whole first day and at the same time the state and city are seeing a spike in COVID-19 cases. Which made this a strange first day at work, since I needed to wear a mask awhile I was in the building and completing all these necessary first day on the job task. Usually your first day of work is meeting face-to-face, but this time to keep the social distancing everything was done on Zoom as I was in one room and the HR personal was in another. 
 After my first day, I met the people I would be working with and the person who would be training me. My duties and the job I would be doing is pretty straight forward. The only thing are the small little details and rules you must remember and follow. Since my job is dealing with confidential documents and information I need to make sure I follow procedures and that these documents are filled out correctly. I pretty sure I will be doing a lot of on the job training before I start doing things on my own which is cool with me. 
 If there any right now that am concerned about this job is getting this COVID19. Since this is a office setting environment and everyone is required to wear a mask, am hoping that enough for not catching this COVID-19. As of now they have the majority of the people working from home, but when they return, that mean a lot more people in this office space. Which is scary cause, most office building are not well ventilated. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search ,  personal stories •Tags  blogging ,  career ,  covid19 ,  job searching ,  pandemic ,  writing 
 Life during COVID-19 
 Published on  June 25, 2020July 18, 2020  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 I hope everyone is doing well during these tough time as we are still fighting this virus, COVID-19. It been hard to post here on wordpress cause the one computer in the house is being use by a family member who working from home. Just two or three weeks ago I brought a new one so I could do things I need to do online without having to wait until the evening. I was able to find a labtop for about $500.00 at walmart. Wasn't the one I would have brought, but with money being tight it was the best deal I could find. Also other retailers hadn't restock since many of their computer inventory was sold out when schools switch to online learning. 
 I can't believe it been about three/four months that we been dealing with this virus. Here in the United States of course. As of now here in Texas and in other states are seeing a spike in COVID-19 cases, which to me isn't a surprise. I was expecting it and just being extra cautious when going out. Just leaving the house when I need to and wearing a mask. Even though the gyms are opening, I haven't gone. Haven't done my daily walks in the downtown area just cause I have to take the bus and it not a "must" for me. 
 Since businesses have been opening up, I've returned to looking for a job. When this COVID-19 started, many of the applications I've submitted were postponed. As of today, I haven't heard anything from those employers if they are going to contact candidates for those position or re-post the position on their company website. During this pandemic, I did have two job interviews which were dead ends. Just three week ago I did apply for an administrative assistant position. Was contacted by the hiring manager and did a phone interview. Was contacted this past Friday and was offered the position. YES!!!! FINALLY, I found, I got a full-time job. Am looking forward to starting this job which my first day is this coming Monday. I just hope this COVID-19 doesn't force another shut down. Am excited for this job opportunity. It my first full-time job that isn't temporary/seasonal. I know it going to be a strange first day with having this spike in COVID-19 cases and having to wear a face mask. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search •Tags  blogging ,  covid19 ,  job searching ,  pandemic ,  writing 
 Introvert interviewing for job 
 Published on  January 27, 2020  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 Am starting off the New Year job hunting like I've been doing for the past 10 years. To my surprise I've already had two job interviews. As many of you already know, job interviewing can be nerve racking. We all read the online advice on how to prepare and ace your job Interview. Watching youtube videos on the most popular questions you'll be ask in a job interview and what to say and not to say. 
 From my own personal experience, none of those tips work for me. Let me explain. In my head a job interview is a test expect in a job interview, you don't know the answer you give is the answer the interviewer want to hear. Oh it BS when they say we want to see if you a good fit for this position/company. Well, Me, am a bad test taker and I found that out during my college years. I would study and prepare for my exams, only to bomb the exam. It was after my freshman year did I get some help and learn that I had a learning disability. Learning about this and receiving some testing accommodations like double time and taking the test in a separate room by myself helped, but I still struggle with testing. Even when I study for the exam. 
 I forgot to mention that I would be nervous when taking any form of testing. So being in a job interview and an introvert just adds to the nervousness. Any preparations I did in answering those most popular questions, I will sounded like I was unprepared. Well to me it feel that way. I feel myself tripping over my words cause I can't take my time in answering those questions. Unlike in college, I had double time to take test, so it gave me enough time to formulate my answer to any exam that require a write response like essays. 
 The most frustrating thing about job interviewing is I don't know why I wasn't pick for the position. Is it because of lack of experience, was it the job interview, as one person who was able to give me feed back told me that I have low energy. I could only think he means I don't sound excited. I will be honest with you, I have a low voice and I can't do anything about that. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  career ,  I need a job ,  introvert ,  introvert and job interviewing ,  job ,  job interview ,  job search ,  nervous 
 What have I been up to? 
 Published on  September 30, 2019  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 What have I been up to? Well for the past two months I've been back to job hunting. Yes still looking for work. Am sure everyone in my family has thought why I can't find work. They don't say it, but I know it has crossed their mind. I was temporary working at a University as a Administrative Associate which ended at the end of July. I re-applied for the position, but they decided to go with someone else. I wasn't upset, but I was hoping that other job doors would open up at the University. Finding another job there wouldn't be that difficult now that they know I am familiar working in a university setting. Well that hasn't been the case, I've had about three interview, mostly for temporary positions, but no luck. I think it coming down to experience, they want someone who has experience or something close to it then hiring someone with no experience and having to train. Training takes time and that just something they don't what to wait on. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  reflection ,  writing •Tags  career ,  hire me ,  job hunting ,  job searhing ,  unemployed 
 Two months: Admin Associate. 
 Published on  June 29, 2019  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 The month of June is coming to end. I have completed two whole months working at the University counseling service as a Temporary Admin Associate. This means that I only have one month left before they terminate me or decide to bring me on as a Full-time employee. I have interviewed for the position and they have already finished interviewing all the people they wanted. It now just wait and see. The positive side is that the previous full-time employees who held this position have all started out as temporary. Am staying positive that I will be offer to stay full-time, but I will not be disappointed if they went with someone else. 
 The past two months have been a learning experience. I know now that yes I can multi-task in a fast environment and take charge of a situation on my own. During these two months I was ask to worked the front desk all on my own. Handling incoming phone calls, checking-in students, setting up appointments and canceling them. Also processing students paper work and typing in notes in their files. I do need more practice in explaining things clearly and I have learn the my voices doesn't sound like a guy to the person on the other side of the phone. It doesn't bug me, just confirms that I have mono-tone voice that doesn't re-vibrate. I do know there a lot of things I need to get myself up-t0-date such as using excel and creating spreadsheet. 
 I 
 Categories  Job Search ,  reflection •Tags  administrative assistance ,  gaining work experience ,  job ,  learning ,  learning on the job 
 A month into the job 
 Published on  May 26, 2019  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 It will be a month that I began working at my new job. Awhile it only a temporary part-time position, I've been learning a lot. Am an administrative associate for a University counseling service, mental health services. If a student is feeling stress, having trouble in school or home, thinking of killing themselves, been a victim of sexual assault, this is where they can receive assistance. I am the one checking-in students to see a counselor and the one that will answer phone calls from student wanting to seek services or are in crises. For the past weeks I've been learning the operations of the office plus the administrative task. Since am new, I've already been "tested" if I could handle the front desk by myself. There been 3 times where I've been on own. So far I've gotten good feed back from the staff that I've done a great job handling the front desk and answering phones. It nice to finally show what I can do and that am capable to handling any challenges that are thrown my way. Yes, I still have a lot to learn and areas I need to improve in like communicating the information to students about the services offered to enrolled students. Especially for those students visiting and seeking services for the first time. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  reflection •Tags  employment ,  job ,  learning ,  learning on the job 
 Good News 
 Published on  May 5, 2019May 30, 2019  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 News on the job front. Two weeks ago I had a job interview at one of the University for a temporary admin associate within the counseling services. So I went for my interview and left feeling okay about it. Again I wasn't expect this, but I received a phone call later that day that I was one of two candidates they were looking at to offer the position. The next step was just that they do a background check and I had to scramble to get at least two professional references. I was able to get those references, one from where I  volunteer  and a former co-worker. Once I submitted my references it was just wait and see. Then just last week I received the call that they were ready to offer me the position once they got the clear from human resources. I got that final call and the job offer for this temporary part-time admin associate. 
 I started this Wednesday, training and observing the front desk since that where I will be. Checking in students for their appointments, answering phones calls and doing other admin duties. So these past three days have been absorbing as much information as I can and learning as fast as I can. This counseling services deal with mental health so as you can understand there are a lot of sensitive issues to deal with. 
 Awhile this is only a temporary position that can end anytime or at 4 months which is the allowed time they can keep a temporary employee. At 4 months they need to hire someone permanently. Any way, am still excited about the position just cause it an opportunity to show what I can do and learn. There is a lot to learn. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  personal stories •Tags  career ,  job ,  job hunting ,  job interview ,  temporary job 
 Volunteering 
 Published on  December 12, 2018  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 Volunteering, it great that people do this to help a cause or something they have a passion for. What I don't agree about volunteering is having to do it just to get work related experience. With that said, sometime at the end of October I decided to volunteer at the center library. I decide to volunteer, because my job hunt to find a job isn't leading to any job offers. Why the library? Well it that was my second option and my first option was a museum. When museum received my background check the volunteer position I had discussed with the volunteer coordinator was already filled. They had another position but i wasn't interest in. So I decide to volunteer at the library. Honestly I don't know what I will get out of it cause getting a job there is very competitive. I convince myself, what do I have to loose except two hours of my time. So for that past month I volunteer one day out of the week for two hours at the library. 
 So far the duties I'v done are pulling books off the shelves that the computer system has listed missing and are going to be "retired". These retired books are removed from the system and sent to the library store where the public may buy them for a few cents or a dollar. I think they also give them out to schools or organization in need of books, but not to sure about that. The other task I've done is checking each service desk has the supply they need like pens, pencil and small scrap paper. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  personal stories ,  writing •Tags  job hunting ,  job search ,  unemployed ,  volunteering 
 two week laters… 
 Published on  October 16, 2018  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 After two weeks and two day, I decided to quit my job working at Subway. Not because I didn't like it, but I wasn't getting enough hours. When you are only getting a few hours and the pay is only $8.oo/hr that is not enough to live on, pay the bills, and just to get by. The manager was only giving me about 13 hours a week and when I look at the upcoming schedule he only assigned me 5 hours for the whole week. I already mention to him that I wanted more hours and his response was to only get more hours was to pick-up shift when people call in. At the same time he had hire someone else just a few days after hiring me. That person is receiving more hours then me. 
 Now, I felt I was doing okay and learning as fast as I could, but when you only have me coming in two day out of the week, it going to take me awhile to learn the ropes and get comfortable doing them. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job ,  subway ,  trying to make end meet. ,  working 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Art  (70)    Art Journal / Journaling  (28)    Celebrities  (11)    inktober  (5)    prismacolor pencil  (2)    urban sketchers  (3) Blogging101  (8) Books  (33)    crime  (1)    fiction  (4)    Historical  (3)    Horror Fiction  (2)    mystery  (5)    science fiction  (1) covid-19  (10) Daily Prompt  (75) Health  (6) Job Search  (28) Poetry  (11) politics  (6) Uncategorized  (42) weekly discover challenge  (7) writing  (78)    discover prompt  (29)    personal stories  (17)    reflection  (23) Writing 101  (48) 
 
 Daily Prompt: Express Youself! 
 Discover Prompt Day 30: Grateful 
 Discover Prompt Day 9: Pairs 
 Discover Prompt Day 14: Book 
 Writing 101, Poetry: Freedom 
 Writing 101, Poetry : Seconds 
 Happy Thanksgiving!!!:) 
 Writing 101: A space to write 
 Being a Witness 
 3rd sketchbook 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 coffeechatsss.wordpress.com/ 
 mydustyflipflops.wordpress.com/ 
 livinginjeneral.wordpress.com/ 
 The Pretty Smart Techie 
 A Little Bit of Everything 
 Blissful Miri 
 Your classy and sassy Travel Blogger 
 Happy Panda 
 This girl next door will help you escape the ordinary with her extraordinary tales 
 Tales from Tobhamhor 
 A place for me to write down what I'm thinking and share with the world. 
 DeMoose Art 
 MORE THAN JUST A PEN 
 Mell Telka  
 South London based runner/Queen of sass 
 Extroverted Introvert, a blog 
 Just some grammatically incorrect thoughts and feelings from a girl riding the struggle bus. 
 Living it. 
 Freelance writer | Illustrator 
 Patsy Arts  
 From Narnia to Neverland 
 creative activities from a 20-something finding her place in the world 
 The Gypsy Soul Diaries 
 An Asian Mermaid Lost In Transition 
 Stormy Rain Stevens 
 Can we talk? 
 The people we met on the way 
 Tabitha's sketchbook 
 The Akila Edla Journal 
 World of stories that I've read and stories that I write. 
 Sincerely, Loewe 
 Blog + Portfolio 
 Specscladeyes 
 Words and Photographs 
 Nothing But Nerd // Gelaine Santiago 
 Notes Of Encouragement & Honesty For My Fellow Entrepreneurs & Black Sheep. 
 Doodlewash® 
 Adventures in Watercolor Painting and Sketching, Watercolour Magazine, with Charlie O'Shields 
 YOUnfolded 
 Healthy, Balanced, Beautiful YOU 
 Odyssey Art 
 Fine art and art journaling. Temporary home base for World Sketchbook Month. 
 Cooking with a Wallflower 
 An Offbeat Bluestocking 
 An Offbeat View by a Bluestocking 
 Michelle B. 
 choose light over darkness 
 A Reading Writer 
 I write because I read. I read because I write. 
 Anawnimiss 
 tales told from behind the cloak of anonymity 
 Cheri Lucas Rowlands 
 Editor and writer. Interested in tiny things, nineties nostalgia, old jungle mixtapes, punctuation, and my cats. Not to be fed after midnight. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
