
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Developer/Data Scientist (Temporary) 
 University of Washington 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Developer/Data Scientist (Temporary) 
 __ University of Washington 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Developer%2FData%20Scientist%20%28Temporary%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13378937/software-developer-data-scientist-temporary/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 February 20, 2020 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 |  The University of Washington (UW)  is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. 
 College of Engineering  has an outstanding job opportunity for  Temporary  Part Time  Software Developer/Data Scientist 
 Job Description: 
 The Software Developer/Data Scientist will assist with Waterhackweek activities, coding tasks, data analysis, data visualization, Github project management, trainings and communications. 
 Waterhackweek is a 5-day hackweek to be held at the University of Washington in partnership with the University of Washington eScience Institute. 
 The Software Developer/Data Scientist will work in a team environment that includes faculty, professional staff, data scientists, researchers, and other key hackweek stakeholders at the eScience Institute, and within the Freshwater Initiative. 
 Project work that may overlap with UW coursework or projects: the successful applicant will prototype a communication system (graph network or reuse of other code) where outcome will be a software tool used by the Cybertraining and Hackweek communities to coordinate and self-organize online and in-person to improve participants ability to network and find funding opportunities for projects emerging from the Hackweek. 
 The data scientist will work with the team to research existing tools (specifically Entrofy selection method workflows), interview community members (as part of NSF funded Education Evaluation), design and pitch proposals to the project team, and implement a prototype solution to test at the Hackweeks (Freshwater Connector). 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 •Assist with basic coding instruction in Python using Jupyter Notebooks 
•Manage continuous integration of Github repositories 
•Organize, conduct and participate in training events 
•Delegate coding and Waterhackweek tasks to gradate and undergraduate volunteers and interns 
•Develop and send out communications for developers and participants 
•Provide technical assistance to other key stakeholders 
•Perform related duties as required 
 Required Education: 
 •Bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering, Data Science or related field. 
 Required Skills: 
 •Minimum 3-12 months experience with computer programming (e.g. bash shell scripting, MATLAB, Python, R) or similar work. 
•Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 
•Well-honed organizational skills and ability to manage multiple priorities and timelines 
•Ability to work with colleagues in a way that enhances collaboration and team building 
 Preferred: 
 •Master's degree 
•Proficiency in statistical analysis software 
 Application Process: 
 The application process for UW positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process. These assessments may include Work Authorization, Cover Letter, and/or others. Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “My Jobs” page. If you select to take it later, it will appear on your "My Jobs" page to take when you are ready.  Please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed. 
 ---|--- 
 
 Internal Number: 177112 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of Washington 
 Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest public institutions in the west coast and one of the preeminent research universities in the world. The University of Washington is a multi-campus university comprised of three different campuses: Seattle, Tacoma, and Bothell. The Seattle campus is made up of sixteen schools and colleges that serve students ranging from an undergraduate level to a doctoral level. The university is home to world-class libraries, arts, music, drama, and sports, as well as the highest quality medical care in Washington State and a world-class academic medical center. The teaching and research of the University’s many professional schools provide undergraduate and graduate students the education necessary toward achieving an excellence that will serve the state, the region, and the nation. As part of a large and diverse community, the University of Washington serves more students than any other institution in the Northwest. 
 Connections working at  University of Washington 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
