Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 The Real Richard Smith 
 Yes, that one, the futurist, author, speaker, human origins/human rights advocate, and husband known as UFOteacher. Follow me @ufoteacher on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Wordpress. My official tag is #ufoteacher. Feel free to use it and abuse it. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 About Richard 
 About this blog 
 Our Official Site 
 The Seven Rules 
 
 
 Books 
 Radio 
 Foundation 
 Forum 
 Gallery 
 Sign Up Today 
 Contact 
 Testimonials 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 Conspiracies vs. The Middle Class 
 Posted on  December 4, 2019  by   Richard Smith 
 Reply 
 
 "The final war will not be a race war between blacks and whites. The final war will be an economic war, a war between the haves and the have nots." 
 
 Malcolm X 
 
 
 By RICHARD SMITH 
  @ufoteacher 
 RIO RANCHO, NM - When Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. focused all of their efforts and influence on the true root of the issue, the growing inequality gap in the U.S economy, they effectively gave all of us a powerful call to action that we could unify, organize and rally around. Regardless of race, creed, gender or background, Malcolm and Martin had awakened us to our identity, the Middle Class, and the undeniable economic power that comes with this strong and vibrant government policy voting bloc. 
 With laser precision, we began to realize the myopic and misanthropic stupidity of our careless, irresponsible and paranoid conspiracies, most of which were created for the sole purpose of protecting an elitist and highly selfish 'members only' country club mentality of privilege and self-entitlement. We began to wake up to the fact that most conspiracies, if not all, were manufactured and fabricated from the ground up by the corporate-funded agendas of Wall Street, the Good Old Boys Network and the Billionaire Boys Club. We began to realize that government policy, that legitimate voting bloc engine that sets the rules for how a capitalist market runs, should always be favoring a strong and powerful Middle Class first and foremost, above all. We started coming to terms with the fact that this really is an economic class war between the haves (i.e. Wall Street corporatism) and the have-nots like you, me and the next-door neighbor. You know, the ones who live on Main Street. 
 Because of this wake-up call, both Malcolm and Martin had made the ultimate sacrifice with their lives. Murdered in cold blood via public assassination, their deaths sent a clear message to the middle-class communities of America. It's okay to have the Middle Class disintegrate by fighting with itself over race, creed or gender. It's okay to have the Middle Class shoot itself in the foot and stab itself in the back by divisively voting against its own interests. But it's definitely  not  okay to have the Middle Class see the bigger picture, bypass all the divisive smoke-n-mirrors wag-the-dog idiocy, and focus with perfect clarity on the actual genuine root issue. 
 
 "The economy, stupid!" 
 
 James Carville 
 
 
 In recent years, the cause to awaken and unify the Middle Class has been taken up by people like Robert Reich, a lightning rod of education and empowerment on U.S. economics and the horrendous inequality gap that is targeting the very same American worker representing the backbone of the Middle Class. If you want to educate yourself on how to take back the Middle Class, move away from the intentionally disempowering mythos of fabricated conspiracies and create powerful government policy that invests in a strong vibrant Middle Class, then I highly recommend Robert Reich's groundbreaking definitive documentary. 
 You can watch the film,  Inequality  for All  (2013), on  Netflix ,  Amazon  or  YouTube . 
 I also strongly recommend putting down whatever demented and malignant wackadoo conspiracy garbage you're reading or listening to right now and focusing on reading all his books, which can be found here on  Amazon . As an American worker and a member of the economically embattled and financially strained Middle Class, you owe it to yourself at the least to do this. 
 Aftershock: The Next Economy and America's Future by Robert B. Reich, (Inequality for All Movie Tie-in Edition) 
 Remember, folks, there is absolutely no such thing as a so-called self-proclaiming "job creator" who comes in the form of a venture capitalist, a Wall Street lobbyist, or a wealthy corporate CEO. These people pay themselves. In terms of middle-class entrepreneurial spirit, they do not invest in you, me, or anyone else other than themselves. They do not create jobs for anyone, anywhere, nor have they ever done so at any time in U.S. economic history. So, when you hear these rich self-entitled sadistic sub-human types screaming bloody murder about Middle Class government policies that favor the American worker but infringe upon their alleged "job creator" status in Corporate America, take a few steps back and realize where their shallow and baseless self-serving rhetoric is coming from. These mega-million parasites create nothing, no thanks to a venomous Trickle-Down Theory and the outright destructive agenda to liquidate the American workers’ union solidarity. 
 Do you want to know who does create jobs? Yup, you hit the nail on the head. It's the Middle Class, the American worker, the very thing that the inequality gap has been actively raping and molesting since the Seventies, when our wages were intentionally flatlined. Let's be clear and precise about this. The Middle Class, and the American working class that serves as its backbone, is  the only true, genuine, authentic job creator  to ever exist throughout the entire scope and girth of U.S. economic history. Without the proper targeted and effective government policies favoring a strong and vibrant Middle Class, you have nada, zippo and zilch in terms of job creation. Remember, government policy, which is meant to favor the Middle Class above all, sets the rules by which the market runs, thrives and succeeds by leaps and bounds. Go against this key foundational relationship, and we effectively slit our own throats today, tomorrow and for future generations. 
 There is no such thing as this fabricated comic book mythos referred to as the so-called 'free market'. That is a terrific work of fiction invented by Corporate America's lobbyists and their Wall Street cronies for the sole purpose of damaging the solidarity of the Middle Class and its powerful voting bloc. In tandem, this means there is no such thing as that other magnificent work of fiction often characterized by these demented corporate-funded conspiracy outlets as 'government intrusion vs. the free market'. This type of devious rhetoric is orchestrated ultimately to confuse the American worker, divide the Middle Class against itself, and then have all of us vote against our own interests. 
 Once again, I will repeat it. Government policy, which is meant to favor the Middle Class above all, sets the rules by which the market runs, thrives and succeeds. Go against this key foundational relationship, and we effectively slit our own throats. Capeesh? Comprende? Are we all on the same page now? There is no such thing as some imaginary government intrusion going against some mythical free market when, in fact, it's your government policy that sets the rules for your Middle Class market in order to function at all, as well as stimulate that healthy job creator spirit of and for the entrepreneurial American worker. Folks, it doesn't work any other way. End of story. 
 As for the corporate-funded fabricated serpentine ooga-booga conspiracies we've been sucker punched with and bowled over by, it's time to take them out to pasture and put them down for good. They have no rightful or legitimate place in an educated and empowered Middle Class, nor have they ever. The purpose of the hateful and fearmongering paranoid rhetoric that always aligns itself with such conspiracies exists for one reason only, to disempower, to divide, and to conquer, the result of which is quite apparent in the way you are reacting to this article. From there, it's a manipulating and calculated slippery slope that easily segues into the manufactured self-deluded excuses for such things as misanthropy, irresponsibility, lack of involvement, depression, anxiety, drug addition, alcoholism, domestic violence, child abuse and criminal behavior, to name a few. Bottom line: The manufactured conspiracy becomes the excuse to sit on your ass and do nothing for yourself, your American community and your middle-class society. At that point, your excuses further perpetuate the mythos of the corporate-funded conspiracy, making you both pimp and prostitute for Wall Street's harem of propaganda. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, this defines you as part of the problem, not the solution as outlined by Robert Reich. 
 I can only hope that this article, and it recommendations, has sobered us up on how and why conspiracies were ever invented in the first place, a custom made freakshow specifically designed to kneecap the Middle Class from the inside out in favor of Corporatism and a severely protracted ever widening inequality gap. In final, I will leave you with these pearls of wisdom: 
 
 Lindsey Brigman: [relaying what Bud types] Have some new friends down here. Guess they've been here awhile. They've left us alone, but it bothers them to see us hurting each other. Getting out of hand. They sent a message. Hope you got it. 
 Catfish De Vries: I'd say that's a big ten-four, Jack. 
 Lindsey Brigman: They want us to grow up a bit, and put away childish things. Of course, it's just a suggestion. 
 
 The Abyss  (1989) 
 
 
 About Richard Smith: Futurist, author, speaker, human origins advocate and husband. CEO & Co-Founder,  The Human Origins Foundation . Executive Committee member,  New Mexico UFO and Paranormal Forum . Latest book:  The Moor, the Mason and the Alien Part II: A Vril Manifesto . 
 Visit Richard Smith online at ufoteacher.com . Find him  @ufoteacher  on WordPress, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, as well as many other social media venues online. 
 This is Richard Smith 's official blog, which you can subscribe to at  ufoteacher.wordpress.com . 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 Reddit 
 Skype 
 Tumblr 
 Telegram 
 Twitter 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  authors ,  books ,  civil rights ,  class war ,  corporatism ,  economics ,  health ,  human condition ,  inequality ,  knowledge ,  Law ,  middle class ,  news ,  revolution ,  Robert Reich ,  wellness ,  wisdom  |  Tagged  America ,  anxiety ,  billionaire boys club ,  bloc ,  class war ,  community ,  conspiracies ,  conspiracy ,  corporation ,  corporations ,  corporatism ,  depression ,  documentary ,  economics ,  economy ,  education ,  film ,  free market ,  good old boys network ,  government ,  have nots ,  haves ,  inequality ,  inspiration ,  job creator ,  jobs ,  main street ,  malcolm x ,  market ,  martin luther king jr ,  middle class ,  misanthrope ,  Movie Trailer ,  mythos ,  policy ,  politics ,  reform ,  Robert Reich ,  society ,  socioeconomics ,  union ,  united states ,  vote ,  voting ,  wages ,  wall street ,  workers ,  working class  |   Leave a reply 
 Translate 
 About Me 
 RICHARD W. SMITH is the CEO and Co-Founder of The Human Origins Foundation. He received high honors at New York State University for his dedicated work with extraterrestrial intervention and how it has affected the human condition in both the modern and ancient eras of our planet's economic and cosmological history. He has written three books, including "Legions of Light / Armies of Darkness", "The Moor, the Mason and the Alien: A Call to Action," and "The Moor, the Mason and the Alien Part II: A Vril Manifesto." He is currently working on his fourth book, "The Moor, the Mason and the Alien Part III: Rise of the Invisible College." He is also an executive committee member of the New Mexico UFO and Paranormal Forum and co-director of the annual Human Origins Conference. 
 Follow The Real Richard Smith on WordPress.com 
 NEW BOOK COMING IN 2021 
 
 Part III: Rise of the Invisible College 
 Get on our mailing list. 
 Stay up to date. Sign up today! Be the first to know about Richard and Linda’s upcoming events. 
 `` 
 Be the spiritual insurrection! 
 
 Part II: A Vril Manifesto 
 Join the global revolution! 
 
 Part I: A Call To Action 
 The original paranormal manifesto for the 21st Century! 
 
 Legions of Light / Armies of Darkness 
 #ReturnoftheSmiths 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow me on Facebook 
 
 Follow me on Facebook 
 
 Follow me on Instagram 
           
 
 The Return of Mr. & Mrs. Smith #ReturnoftheSmiths 
 Blog Archive 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Search This Blog 
 Search 
 Total Pageviews 
 
 13,454 hits 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
