Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Line Cook/Prep Cook 
 Cravings Fine Food & Catering 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Summary 
 Cravings Fine Food has become one of Simcoe County’s premier caterers and gourmet food shops through a simple recipe of succulent cuisine, meticulous attention to detail and highly skilled, friendly staff. 
 Our frozen foods section offers a convenient way to stock up on good hearty classics including lasagnas, pot pies, gourmet stuffed burgers, soups, quiches and the list goes on. 
 Cravings believes in real food and is passionate about providing the most satisfying and delicious food and catering experiences to our guests. 
 Description 
 The role of the Prep Cook is to prepare food products for the retail operation of the business. The main responsibilities include prepping and preparing product to be sold in either the freezer or fridge, and to follow strict recipes and procedures related to the product. 
 Prep Cook Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Perform routine kitchen tasks. 
 Follow the prep list created to plan duties. 
 Label and stock all ingredients on shelves so they can be organized and easily accessible. 
 Measure ingredients and seasonings to be used in cooking. 
 Prepare cooking ingredients by washing and chopping vegetables, cutting meat, and other meal prep. 
 Set up workstation and ingredients so that food can be prepared according to recipes. 
 Undertake basic cooking duties, such as reducing sauces and parboiling food. 
 Prepare simple dishes, such as salads and lunches 
 Maintain a clean and orderly kitchen by washing dishes, sanitizing surfaces, and taking out trash. 
 Ensure that all food and other items are stored properly. 
 Comply with nutrition and sanitation guidelines. 
 Perform other kitchen duties as assigned. 
 
 Prep Cook Qualifications / Skills: 
 
 Knowledge of health and safety rules in a kitchen 
 Knowledge of basic cooking techniques 
 Organizational skills 
 Manual dexterity 
 Communication skills 
 Attention to detail 
 Ability to work under pressure 
 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-07 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.00-$17.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Culinary Arts: 1 year (Preferred) 
 line cook: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Barrie, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Prepare, season and cook food as directed, meeting dietary requirements where required 
 Follow recipes and presentation specifications 
 Operate standard kitchen equipment safely and efficiently 
 Clean and maintain station in practicing good safety and sanitation 
 Oversee kitchen operations 
 Maintain inventory and record of food, supplies and equipment 
 Adhere to all sanitation and food production codes 
 
 Additional Duties: 
 
 Menu planning 
 Food shopping 
 Recording food temperature 
 Preparing reports 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
