Skip to content 
 
 Who am I? What's all this writing about? 
 
 Home In Maine 
 Life at home in Maine…with photos & music 
 
 [About](https://marcrescue.wordpress.com/category/about/ "I've been in love with music since I old enough to listen and in the music business since 1971.  I've been a recording artist, worked in radio @ WMEX Boston in the early 70's, worked in retail - Discount Records in Harvard Square, worked in records - Island, RSO, Elektra, Warner Bros / Reprise and DreamWorks Records.  After DreamWorks closed it's record division I quit.  I no longer wanted to be a part of a big corporate label - although I had some wonderful times - Warner Bros in the 80's was a fantastic musical environment.  I wanted to work even closer with artists and embrace this new internet oriented music business.  In the beginning I never wanted to meet artists in spite of the fact that I had a whole lot to do with a whole bunch of successful careers.  One of four things can happen in the music business with artists.  1 - A great person can make a bad record and it breaks your heart.  2 - A rotten person can make a bad record and that's fine.  3 - A rotten person can make a great record - and if you meet them it can ruin a wonderful musical experience.  There's no law that says great music is made by wonderful people.  But once in a great while something really wonderful happens.  #4 - A great person makes a great recording.  The best of all worlds.  As a manager I've made a choice to no longer work with anyone except the 4th kind of artist.  My mission statement would be described as "Working with music I love & people I like & embracing the musical world as it exists today with all it's technological changes".  When I travel and observe, I see more people listening to more music than ever before.  That's a wonderful thing.  The only real difference in the music business is that the method of delivery has changed. We still offer a "record" - a recording of a musical performance. (Well, to be honest some "records" are no longer performances - they're "contructions").  From 45's and LP's to 8 Tracks and Cassettes to CDs and now Digital Delivery.  Yes there are financial challenges everytime a delivery system changes and yes sometimes the staid and once secure Acme Horse & Buggy Company is upset by the new fangled automobile.  But let me say again - today more people spend more time listening to more music than ever before. My challenge as a support person to wonderful musicians is to help them find their audience.  Often the tried and true approaches work - touring and radio.  But more & more support in those areas is dependent on an already existing and growing fanbase.  What's the key?  The same as it's alway been - Word Of Mouth.  No radio station, no tv show, no magazine, no internet blog is as important as one friend saying to another - "Listen to this song - I love it".  In spite of all my experience this blog is really about my education in learning from people that love music about how they find, discover and nuture the musicians that make the music they love. And because in my world - music and life are so intertwined - this blog will be about both.") 
 Lobster Rolls 
 Red's Eats 
 Uncategorized 
 
 December 26, 2016 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Greeting from Maine - my new job, photos, fireworks, food & music. 
 by Marc Ratner 
 Greetings all, 
 As I don't do new letters / posts / blogs often anymore - I'm so busy it's hard to find the time to write….and you're so busy….you don't have the time to read them anyway - so each edition now contains more than a half a year's worth of photos from life in Maine. 
 Not a bad thing. 
 Less writing - more photos. 
 Done well - it can be a simple life here in the further reaches of Maine…..for kids it's much like growing up was back in the 60's…..and that's not a bad thing. 
 As one friend said…."We moved here so my daughter could be a kid longer". 
 As you'll see - much of what we did this year didn't cost much money and was perfect for family life. 
 My holiday wish is that it could be this way for all the people - especially the children - in the world. 
 Let's start off with the new job. 
 Still got the old one - managing partner of Mishara Music and that's not going anywhere - love what I do. 
 More about Mishara later on. 
 But when you don't have any spare time - it makes no sense to go after another job. 
 One that hardly pays and takes a whole lotta time. 
 The application process was unlike any I've ever had to go through before. 
 But no one ever accused me of having much sense. 
 So I ran for elected office. 
 Our small town on the Midcoast of Maine is run by a Select Board of five individuals. (Select Board is our name for what other places call City Council - the term which is used in larger cities.) 
 We have no Mayor - the five individuals are the heads of the government in our town. 
 My new job: 
 My new office: 
 As many of you might remember - I did public service for over 20 years in Los Angeles - working on a mountain search and rescue team. 
 This is just another version of that. 
 I don't rescue individuals or small groups anymore - now I try to rescue everyone in town. 
 It's fascinating, intricate, time consuming and impossible - even at this level. 
 But I love what I do. 
 The next time we chat - I'll fill you in. 
 In other news - Maine had a spectacular summer. The weather was virtually perfect. 
 We stayed busy. 
 We went swimming at great swimming holes. 
 Norton's Pond: 
 Barrett's Cove: 
 We went camping. 
 Who needs another photo of a tent? 
 Not me. (Well - it's in the backround.) 
 Here's what's important. 
 Essential camping supplies for the first thing in the morning: 
 Even more important. 
 If you're the nerd detail equipment person like I am - it pays off when you put together a really great cooking situation. 
 Because then your amazing chef / wife can turn out french toast (with great local sausage and local strawberries and Maine wild blueberries) that's as good or better than at home (and of course local maple syrup): 
 Even though we're camping - I always come home weighing more than when I left. 
 We went to a wedding - where they bride and groom hired a local oyster farmer to cater appetizers….the freshest and most delicious oysters you've ever had (he had harvested them just that morning)….and he brought lots….you could eat as many as you wanted / could….and we did: 
 One late afternoon we hit one of our favorite lobster pounds for a snack: 
 Fresh Maine raspberries and strawberries from our local farmers: 
 Lest you think this is just all about eating…..we did go to the small local county fair. 
 Rides: 
 Fireworks: 
 Ok - more eating - fresh Maine blueberry pie: 
 I did hit my favorite music convention - the Non-Comm in Philadelphia! 
 Oh dear - more eating - we went out for cheesesteaks: 
 But seriously it wasn't all fun and games and food. 
 Music obviously is a big part of our lives. 
 I'll let you have my secret to great presents for a wife. 
 I noticed that I never got it right - guys aren't good at buying gifts for woman (at least I'm not) - until I realized that concert tickets were the way to go. 
 We end up buying tickets for each other as presents. 
 I surprised her with tickets to see James Taylor at Fenway Park (Arghhh we got caught in traffic on the way down from Maine and missed his opener Jackson Browne (but it was okay - he and James did "Doctor My Eyes" as an encore - a song that I played a long time ago when I worked in radio): 
 She surprised me with tickets - to one of our favorites - Jerry Douglas (of Alison Krauss & Union Station fame) touring with the Earls Of Leicester - what a great night - it was like stepping into the past at the Boothbay Opera House: 
 Then it was time to surprise our son Ethan with tickets to see that Beatle guy at Fenway: 
 More fireworks: 
 My turn - the concert of the year for my wife - big points for me. 
 Adele at Boston Garden: 
 She says it was her favorite concert ever. 
 It was truly amazing. 
 At Mishara Music we've been working forever on a new Barnaby Bright album - finally due in 2017. 
 In the meantime we've been doing some unconventional marketing. 
 Giving songs away. 
 Our mission is to "build the audience" and everything else will take care of itself. 
 Our latest approach is a "free sixpack". 
 Six of their best songs that you can download 
 You can listen to a mini playlist of the six tunes on Spotify: 
 https://play.spotify.com/user/misharamusic/playlist/6fdDOCDClniAbGvwPGHDxQ?play=true&utm_source=open.spotify.com&utm_medium=open 
 In the USA you can download them for free at Amazon: 
 https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=B01F541DYW%7CB01F5428YQ%7CB00UIKC456%7CB009XY9SBQ%7CB007GU45P8%7CB007GU46IE 
 Internationally (and alternatively in the USA) you can listen and download the songs on Soundcloud: 
 https://soundcloud.com/misharamusic/sets/barnaby-bright-best-of 
 The other project we've been spending some time on lately is the "Poetry Rocks" album by poet / guitarist Dave Morrison. 
 Dave is a published poet (11 books at last counting) and has been featured with a different poem each day for a week run at Garrison Keillor's "The Writer's Almanac". 
 Here's his poetry website: 
 www. http://writerrocker.wixsite.com/davemorrisonpoetry 
 Dave's also a long time guitarist and after a bunch of people over the years suggested he combine his talents - he did. 
 It's like nothing you've ever heard. His guitar playing is wonderful, his spoken voice is calm yet engaging but his stories are like no other. 
 No one….ever….sees the ending that's coming. 
 We've taken three of the tracks from the album and made them free downloads - "Fly, "Sad Ancestors" and "Best Poem". 
 You can listen to Dave's full album on Spotify: 
 https://open.spotify.com/user/misharamusic/playlist/34wKcksbfMrew21QFmoHyX 
 Download the three singles at Amazon: 
 https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=B01N0LY9D4%7CB013QD7MA8%7CB00WXPXYQM 
 Listen and download internationally (and also in the USA) on Soundcloud: 
 https://soundcloud.com/misharamusic/sets/fly-sad-ancestors-best-poem 
 For me - listening to Dave late at night on a long drive in the car is the way to go. 
 Enjoy. 
 Need more free music discovery? Check out the 7th Mishara Music free sampler on Amazon - 17 songs - 9 different artists - all free! 
 https://www.amazon.com/Artist-Sampler-Mishara-Music-Favorites/dp/B01F541CVQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1484491557&sr=8-1&keywords=mishara 
 July 4th was fun in Camden - music on a bandstand in the harbor which led right into the fireworks - yup - more fireworks (does it seem like our lives are all about music, food and fireworks?): 
 Family life is always fun in Maine….although times are changing….I've noticed that our ten year old is starting to notice cars as we walk by….this one caught his eye this summer….oh oh….I don't think I'm ready for this: 
 We also discovered a great small shop in Portland that has a backroom pinball setup - always my favorite game and now that joy is moving on to the next generation: 
 We got some nice hiking in as well. 
 Here's Sears Island: 
 Up and down the hill at Sewall's organic apple orchard: 
 As summer turned towards autumn - the 12th annual Camden International Film Festival had it's best year ever. Here's the staff that put it together: 
 The fest has become one of the leading documentary film festivals in the world….and my wife and I have found over the years that the best documentary films we've been seeing are better than any of the commercial films pouring out of Hollywood. 
 Here's CIFF's website - lots to look at: 
 www. https://pointsnorthinstitute.org/ 
 Here's a wonderful example of what you can see at the festival. 
 You cannot believe that this movie was filmed over a bunch of years with absolutely no idea on how it would turn out. It literally will blow your mind….and you'll walk away with a new respect for documentary films and the people that make them: 
 http://www.merufilm.com/ 
 Even you have zero interest in mountaineering this will be one of the best movies you've ever seen. 
 Go find it at Netflix or Amazon or somewhere. 
 You'll be glad you did. 
 Speaking of other art forms. 
 I love books. I love reading. 
 We have an outstanding town library. 
 Here's three of my favorite books I've read just recently. 
 Read one - read them all! 
 All the sudden it's getting a bit chilly and the leaves are turning. 
 Two of my favorite trees in town are at the library: 
 And on the town common: 
 As the angle of the sun changes in autumn it makes for some stunning sunsets early in the morning - both of these photographs are shown just as they were taken with no adjustments or coloring. This is what we saw: 
 Ah Halloween - always a favorite time in town. 
 Here's this year's doormen greeting you if you were to stop by the house: 
 The Friday after Thanksgiving this year - Livingston Taylor played a wonderful show at the Camden Opera House (love both Taylor brothers in concert - they're totally different but equally entertaining): 
 And……then…..boom……it's cold……just how we like it. 
 Here's our coldest morning so far: 
 But it was toasty by the time I got in the car: 
 Jack Frost has painted some wonderful designs this year so far: 
 And as the year closes to an end - happy holidays to all - hope you enjoyed a small tour of a simple but fulfilling life in Maine…..(as always I need to mention that my wife Kim took many of the photos - the one's you think are the really good ones)…..and know that we'll be having fun this joyous season because - as always - the Peanuts Band is tuned up and ready to play great tunes through the holidays: 
 To the new year we go! 
 All the best, 
 Marc 
 PS If you want to listen to something different for a change - try this Soundcloud sampler from my friend John Baker's new classical label - Affetto Records. It features a song from all of the first 8 albums the label has released - a wonderful collection of different styles and all eight tracks can be downloaded for free. 
 https://soundcloud.com/affettoecords/sets/the-affetto-records-classical 
 http://www.affettorecords.com 
 Marc Ratner 
 Mishara Music 
 E-mail: marcrescue@gmail.com 
 Website:  www.misharamusic.com 
 WordPress:  www.marcrescue.wordpress.com 
 Facebook:  www.facebook.com/marc.ratner 
 Twitter:  www.twitter.com/marcrescue 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Read more from   Uncategorized 
 <-  Maine Photos - Autumn, Winter, Spring & Music - the marcrescue blog 
 Life and music in Maine  -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Note:  HTML is allowed. Your email address will  never  be published. 
 Subscribe to comments 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Who am I? What's all this writing about? 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Barnaby Bright 
 Clarensau 
 Connor Garvey 
 Dave Morrison 
 Gabriel Mann 
 Kat Maslich-Bode 
 Ken Yates 
 Mishara Music 
 Peter Bradley Adams 
 Sam Brenner 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 I don't know why you would but if you click here you'll subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Perhaps a good idea for no other reason than you'll feel so much better about yourself after reading about my life. But for best reading - click through to the actual page - the emails sent out don't include the photos - and that's always the best part! 
 Join 620 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Oh go ahead & sign me up! 
 
 
 What? You're got more time to kill? Well, then you can read the older posts and see if I was correct in any of my assumptions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 December 2016 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 
 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 
 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 
 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 « May   Oct » 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Did you know you can write your own about section just like this one? It's really easy. Navigate to  Appearance -> Widgets  and create a new Text Widget. Now move it into the "Footer Left" sidebar. 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Who am I? What's all this writing about? 
 
 
 
 Search 
 Search 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
