Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Graphic Design 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (510) 
 IT & Programming  (199) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (61) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (120) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (38) 
 Sales & Marketing  (41) 
 Customer Service  (8) 
 Finance & Accounting  (17) 
 Others  (26) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (510) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (146) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (139) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (60) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (28) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (34) 
 Not Sure  (103) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (510) 
 Featured  (31) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Graphic Design Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 15 of 17 results ) 
 Graphic Design 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 2  
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Product catalogue Design 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 10th Mar 2021  31 Proposals 
 we are in marble and tiles trading business so want to create product catalogue ,searching good graphic designer who can make unique and self explaining catalogue. 
 we are in marble and tiles trading business so want to create product catalogue ,searching good graphic designer who can make unique and self explaining catalogue. 
 Skills:  Graphic Design ,  Cover Design 
 Client:  hmpradeep 
 Logo and content Design for an Educational Start Up 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 21st Jan 2021 Ends: 07th Mar 2021  35 Proposals 
 Need a Graphic designer for Logo and content design for an educational start up. The project will be covered in phases starting with the graphics for the content developed. After that we need to develop a website, market... 
 Need a Graphic designer for Logo and content design for an educational start up. The project will be covered in phases starting with the graphics for the content developed. After that we need to develop a website, marketing campaign, social media posts, video and other promotional content. 
 Skills:  Video Production ,  Photoshop ,  Illustrator ,  Graphic Design ,  Coreldraw 
 Client:  aman3391 
 Need freelancer or permanent book cover designer for our project or company 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Graphic Design  Posted: 16th Jan 2021 Ends: 02nd Mar 2021  32 Proposals 
 we need cover designer for designing book cover for our projects.. our company is NCR based so deserving candidates can also send their sample work and resume on (removed) both option for freelancing and permanent jo... 
 we need cover designer for designing book cover for our projects.. our company is NCR based so deserving candidates can also send their sample work and resume on (removed) both option for freelancing and permanent job option is available. 
 Skills:  Illustrator ,  Graphic Design ,  Cover Design ,  Coreldraw ,  Photoshop 
 Client:  rmepublish 
 Looking Graphic Designer for Travel Agency 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Advertisement Design  Posted: 14th Jan 2021 Ends: 28th Feb 2021  54 Proposals 
 I am looking for a graphic designer, who can design social media posts, brochures, posters, etc. 
 I am looking for a graphic designer, who can design social media posts, brochures, posters, etc. 
 Skills:  Graphic Design ,  Photoshop 
 Client:  aarav.ideas 
 Book designing  
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Cover & Page Design  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  27 Proposals 
 We want the designers to design the books for preschool , prior experience in designing is preferred , we will give you the raw data layout designing , picture selection should be done by the developer . 
 We want the designers to design the books for preschool , prior experience in designing is preferred , we will give you the raw data layout designing , picture selection should be done by the developer . 
 Skills:  Animation ,  Coreldraw ,  Graphic Design 
 Client:  guruprasadht  ,  India 
 I need a graphic Designer who make logo like www.roadcaptain.in 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 11th Jan 2021 Ends: 25th Feb 2021  46 Proposals 
 I need a graphic Designer or website Designer who make logo like www.roadcaptain.in 
 I need a graphic Designer or website Designer who make logo like www.roadcaptain.in 
 Skills:  Logo Design ,  Graphic Design 
 Client:  jobish722590 
 UI/UX Design for Mobile Application 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Graphic Design  Posted: 10th Jan 2021 Ends: 24th Feb 2021  25 Proposals 
 We are looking for experienced UI/UX designers for mobile apps Development. Need to design all screens. we need only graphic designer who can do Apps Screens Designs. We will provide all instructions to selected cand... 
 We are looking for experienced UI/UX designers for mobile apps Development. Need to design all screens. we need only graphic designer who can do Apps Screens Designs. We will provide all instructions to selected candidates. 
 Skills:  Illustrator ,  Graphic Design ,  Cinema 4d ,  Animation ,  3d 
 Client:  coshi  ,  India 
 Banner Designer 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 08th Jan 2021 Ends: 22nd Feb 2021  50 Proposals 
 I ungently need a resource to design couple of banners for my small business. Details will be provided. 
 I ungently need a resource to design couple of banners for my small business. Details will be provided. 
 Skills:  Label and Package Design ,  Illustration ,  Graphic Design ,  Banner Ads ,  Art Direction 
 Client:  alokdeep 
 Graphic Designer  
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 07th Jan 2021 Ends: 21st Feb 2021  40 Proposals 
 Require a graphic designer who can make lifestyle images for our product. 
 Require a graphic designer who can make lifestyle images for our product. 
 Skills:  Illustrator ,  Graphic Design ,  Coreldraw ,  Photoshop 
 Client:  charuiet 
 URGENTLY Need a Graphic Designer (Photoshop) for a Work from Home Opportunity 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 05th Jan 2021 Ends: 19th Feb 2021  60 Proposals 
 
 
 We are looking for a graphic designer for a women oriented website that has content related to Health, Wellness, Beauty, Makeup, Style, Home remedies, etc. 2) Since the site is focused on women readers we prefer Fe... 
 
 
 We are looking for a graphic designer for a women oriented website that has content related to Health, Wellness, Beauty, Makeup, Style, Home remedies, etc. 2) Since the site is focused on women readers we prefer Female Graphic designer with good designing skills. 3) IMPORTANT : Should be proficient in Adobe Photoshop. 4) IMPORTANT : Should be well versed in English language. 5) Opportunity to work from home and earn upto 10k to 15k per month by working 6 to 8 hours a day. 6) Flexible working timings. 7) Should be very good in communication and should stick to deadlines. 8) Payment will be done on a monthly basis. We release payment between 1st to 5th every month via NEFT. 9) Details of project will be explained over a skype or zoom call and knowledge transfer will be done. 
 
 
 Skills:  Creative Suite ,  Graphic Design ,  Infographics ,  Newsletter Design ,  Photoshop 
 Client:  wxlcom  ,  India 
 Brochure and Website Modification 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Brochures  Posted: 03rd Jan 2021 Ends: 17th Feb 2021  24 Proposals 
 1. Modification of Existing Brochure of Company. CDR file is available. Information need to be changed. Picture need to be changed and Colour combination need to be changed. New Avatar need to be given to existing brochu... 
 1. Modification of Existing Brochure of Company. CDR file is available. Information need to be changed. Picture need to be changed and Colour combination need to be changed. New Avatar need to be given to existing brochure 2. Existing Website need to be revamped. www.solarpv.in 3. Majority pictures and information will be provided by us. However, you need to be good content writer 4. Website should be editable by us as we should be able to upload picture and information. 
 Skills:  Graphic Design ,  Business Card Design 
 Client:  akshah23 
 Patriot Morning Minute 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 01st Jan 2021 Ends: 15th Feb 2021  6 Proposals 
 I need an animated opening sequence with our the text, "Patriot Morning Minute". The style of the animation and text should be just like School House Rock. This animation needs to be drawn, not pulled from th... 
 I need an animated opening sequence with our the text, "Patriot Morning Minute". The style of the animation and text should be just like School House Rock. This animation needs to be drawn, not pulled from the Internet...it must be original using that style. The intro should be about 30 seconds. Here is an example of a style of opening that I am looking for: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRuh9aBwUdM We start with an Eagle flying through the sky and landing on the flagpole, follow the flagpole down showing the American Flag and a Kite with a Key flying in the air, continue down to Benjamin Franklin holding the string of the kite. As you Pan out all the other elements come into the scene. We see the Capitol Building, the Statue of Liberty rises out from behind the Capitol, a Model T honks and pulls up in the lower left frame, Rosie the Riveter rises up from behind the right side of the capitol. Jackie Robinson steps into frame on the right side and hits a baseball toward the viewer. Uncle Sam, George Washington, Martin Luther King looking like he is speaking, Cesar Chavez holding a sign reading "United Farm Workers", Elvis Presley who strums his guitar once, Abraham Lincoln, Fredrick Douglas, Mark Twain, Albert Einstein, Ronald Reagan, Alexander Hamilton, Walt Disney, Betsy Ross sewing the flag, and Thomas Edison (a light bulb pops in above his head). These images should fill in the bottom half of the screen while fireworks fill the sky above. Then the Wright Brother's Plane come from the right side of the sky followed by the Space Shuttle coming up through the middle which takes us up to the moon and and an astronaut with NASA on his outfit floating in space. Thomas Edison will then pull a string on the light bulb over his head and the screen will go black for a second and show our Logo "Patriot Morning Minute" in School House Rock style font. All character have to be created from scratch using School House Rock as the style of character and design. We will need to approve each character and item before animating. Watch the School House Rock videos to get ideas and to understand the style and design I want... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqvLi7qZ_yU This will need to be in an MP4 or .mov format when submitting. Please submit any examples that fit in this genre of work. I will be very particular about the work done. I have attached a drawing that I did to represent what it should look like with some of the characters and layout... Thank you, David Van Wie (removed) (removed) 
 Skills:  Graphic Design ,  Cartoon ,  Animation ,  After Effects ,  Premiere 
 Client:  dvanwie 
 Graphic Design  
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 31st Dec 2020 Ends: 14th Feb 2021  40 Proposals 
 DUTIES: Create custom graphic design pieces. Design projects include but are not limited to: advertising materials for promotional sales and events, website graphics, and digital ads, business materials, promotional me... 
 DUTIES: Create custom graphic design pieces. Design projects include but are not limited to: advertising materials for promotional sales and events, website graphics, and digital ads, business materials, promotional merchandising, internal advertising efforts, etc. Design rough drafts and present ideas. Be an advocate for your designs while also taking constructive criticism in a professional setting. Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand. Support the Lead Graphic Designer with all projects and duties. Support all advertising, marketing, and internet strategies and programs (internally and externally). REQUIREMENTS: Proven graphic design experience. A strong portfolio. A keen eye for aesthetics and details. Efficient with time. A strong background in graphic design - print, digital, business materials, promotional merchandising, etc. Must have 1 to 2 years of experience. At least an associate degree in Advertising, Graphic/Visual Design, Marketing, or Communications, or at least two (2) or more years of experience in a related field. Good writing and grammar skills. Critical thinking and creative skills. A master at the Adobe Creative Suite: Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point) 
 Skills:  InDesign ,  Illustrator ,  Illustration ,  Graphic Design ,  Logo Design 
 Client:  nerim 
 3D designing with Event management backgound 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 26th Dec 2020 Ends: 09th Feb 2021  11 Proposals 
 Hi, We require a 3D designer with an event management experience to work for us as a freelancer. I was just going by your profile and that compelled me to connect you upfront for a requirement, i have a store laun... 
 Hi, We require a 3D designer with an event management experience to work for us as a freelancer. I was just going by your profile and that compelled me to connect you upfront for a requirement, i have a store launch for a MOTO company and I need a 3D design for client reference. Please connect me at (removed) Thanks in advance Sarthak kumar 
 Skills:  3d ,  Banner Ads ,  Graphic Design 
 Client:  delineatemarcom2175 
 Graphics Designer for eBooks 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 20th Dec 2020 Ends: 03rd Feb 2021  21 Proposals 
 I am looking for a professional graphic designer to create professional eBook designs with clean design, an eye for beautiful images, and illustration. Most of the ebooks are cookbooks, motivational ebooks, and social m... 
 I am looking for a professional graphic designer to create professional eBook designs with clean design, an eye for beautiful images, and illustration. Most of the ebooks are cookbooks, motivational ebooks, and social media ebooks. Must know tool: - Adobe InDesign. - Adobe Photoshop. - Illustrator. Needed for regular base work. Please also attached your work portfolio for eBook designing and eBook Cover designing. 
 Skills:  Cover Design ,  Graphic Design ,  Illustration ,  InDesign ,  Photoshop 
 Client:  y0gendra  ,  India 
 Previous 1  2   Next   Last 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
