Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Court Administration Clerk 
 York Region 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Header 
Progressive. Collaborative. Accountable. Draw on your passion. Shape our community. Progressive and collaborative, with a clear, long-term vision. We value employees’ contributions and inspire excellence. We are driven by a desire to help shape and serve the growing community in which we live and work. 
Position Purpose 
Reporting to the Supervisor, Court Administration, is responsible for providing court administration support for the progress of matters filed with the Ontario Court of Justice; preparing correspondence and receiving and accepting court documents for the Ontario Court of Justice, Superior Court of Justice and Ontario Court of Appeal; scheduling court dockets, preparing statistical reports, maintaining court records and responding to various stakeholder enquiries; completing special projects as assigned; receiving, responding to and tracking requests, inquiries, motions, impersonations and appeals. 
Qualifications 
Successful completion of a Post Secondary Diploma/Certificate (1 year or more) in Business Administration or Professional Program or related field or approved equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 
 Minimum three (3) years experience in an office environment, including demonstrated legal or court experience using the Integrated Court Offences Network (ICON) database to retrieve and access data. 
 Satisfactory Police Criminal Background Check. 
 Knowledge of Provincial Offences and Highway Traffic Acts. 
 Knowledge and demonstrated ability in corporate core competencies including customer focus, communication, collaboration and personal ownership. 
 
 Scheduled Hours 
35 
Scheduled Shifts 
0800 – 1700 (rotating shifts) 
How to Apply 
Please apply online by December 7, 2020. We thank all candidates for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted via email. 
Salary 
$34.48 to $37.48 per hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
