Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-Time Cashiers / Customer Service (Bakery) 
 Dimpflmeier Bakery 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR COMPANY 
 Dimpflmeier Bakery is a family-owned company that has been delivering the highest quality bread and pastries to our customers for over 60 years. The bread we deliver is made only with the finest ingredients, including natural spring water that enhances the flavour of all of our products. 
 Our Etobicoke Store is looking for Part-Time Cashiers/Customer Service to join our team. 
 The Expectations: 
 
 Provide exceptional service to our customers 
 Operate the cash register 
 Answer customer questions cordially 
 Accurately process customer purchases 
 Follow Food, Health and Workplace Safety standards 
 
 Is That You? 
 
 Strong customer service mindset 
 Enjoy working in a team setting 
 Passion to work in the food industry 
 
 Our Work Culture: 
 
 We are a family-owned Bakery that is all about Tradition-Respect-Teamwork 
 If you speak  German  , many of our customers speak too! 
 Mature  candidates are most welcome! 
 
 Why join our team? 
 
 A team that cares and treats you like family 
 Culture of teamwork and collaboration 
 
 HOW TO APPLY  – Please submit your resume and cover letter through Indeed. Although we appreciate each application, only those being considered for the position will be contacted. At Dimpflmeier Bakery, we are committed to an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees feel valued, respected and supported. We are an equal opportunity employer that recognizes the value of a diverse workforce. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process, please let us know when selected to take part in our recruitment process so that reasonable arrangements can be made for appropriate accommodation. 
 Part-time hours: 20 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: From $14.25 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 retail sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Smart Serve, SIR or equivalent (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
