Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Looking for night time inside staff. 
 Domino's Pizza 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Customer Service Expert’s role is crucial within the Domino’s system. We pride ourselves on offering fast and friendly service with a smile, and our CSEs lead the way in doing so. Within our fast paced environment, the role is primarily to offer top quality customer service by phone and in person at the counter. Customer Service Experts are expected to know Domino’s products and the current offers in order to provide customers with the correct order and best value based on their needs. 
 A uniform is provided. Customer Service Experts are expected to be presentable by following Domino’s personal image and grooming standards. 
 Functions: 
Customer Service Experts will take orders by phone-in customers, as well as customers at the store. They are expected to manage the cash drawer when accepting payment for orders and returning change. CSEs will also handle customer concerns using the approach taught during Domino’s on-boarding and orientation. 
 In secondary roles, Customer Service Experts will help make quality products, label boxes, cut pizzas and prepare orders for delivery or to be served to in-store customers. CSEs also help in maintaining the store’s professional image by participating in the cleaning tasks assigned to all team members. 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 All Customer Service Experts must have the following: 
 
 
 Friendly and well spoken 
 
 
 Good math skills to handle cash handling for in-store customer payments 
 
 
 Speak English fluently in order to serve customers 
 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 
 Flexible schedules 
 
 
 Competitive wages 
 
 
 Staff pizzas 
 
 
 Career growth opportunities 
 
 
 Location: 1673 Richmond Street, London, ON, N6G 2N3 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
