 Wollmann  
 
 
  Lawyers  
 
  Dr. Joachim Börner  
  Frank Leithold  
  Cornelius Ernst Wollmann  
  Wolfgang Weih  
  Michael Depel  
  Dennis Fortkamp  
  Sarah Hossenfelder  
  Constanze Herr  
  Axel Wunschel  
 
 
 
  Notarial Office  
 
  Notarial Office  
  Dr. Joachim Börner  
  Frank Leithold  
 
 
 
  Competencies  
 
  Property law  
  Commercial law  
  Building law  
  Labour law  
  Disputes  
 
 
 
  Law Firm  
 
  History  
  Career  
 
 
 
 Deutsch 
 
 
 English 
 
 
 de 
 
 
 en 
 
 
 Career 
 We are a law firm and notarial office in Berlin established in 1921 with presently two acting notaries. 
 Carrers at Wollmann & Partner 
 We advise and represent national and international enterprises nationwide 
 We specialise in the fields of architects, building, real property and public procurement law. 
 Lawyers (m/f/d) 
 We are looking for Lawyers 
 Become part of our team. Do you specialise in the fields of ARCHITECTS, BUILDING, PROPERTY, PUBLIC PROCUREMENT OR ADMINISTRATIVE LAW and/or NOTARIES (m/w/d) as lateral entrants. 
 You have several years of professional experience and a corresponding client base you can introduce into a new, partnership-based environment. 
 We offer 
 
 attractive conditions, good professional and personal career opportunities within the framework of a partnership model tailored to your aspirations, 
 a pleasant working environment among dedicated and qualified colleagues, 
 professional exchange and a network for scientific and efficient work, 
 We are looking forward to being contacted by you. 
 
 Discretion is a matter of course. 
 We are looking for 
 Lawyers (m/w/d) 
 specialising in the fields of ARCHITECTS, BUILDING, REAL ESTATE, PUBLIC PROCUREMENT, AND ADMINISTRATIVE LAW. 
 You 
 
 have  2-3 years of professional experience  and first own clients and want to take the next step in your career in a renowned law firm 
 
 or 
 
 are a  distinguished specialist lawyer  , well networked, have a sound client base you wish to offer more to in a new environment, and aspire to entrepreneurial work as a partner, 
 combine a lawyer’s approach with economic thinking, foresight, and personality. 
 
 We Offer 
 
 attractive conditions and sound professional and personal career prospects, 
 a pleasant working environment among dedicated and qualified colleagues, 
 professional exchange and a network for scientific work. 
 
 We are looking forward to receiving your application documents or to your direct communication with our Partner, Rechtsanwalt Cornelius E. Wollmann (wollmann@wollmann.de). 
 Interns 
 We offer  junior lawyers  (m/w/d) the opportunity to work and receive training in our Law Firm. 
 In our Law Firm, you will be fully integrated in the working process and have the opportunity to gain comprehensive insight in the profession of a lawyer and notary by way of working independently. The payment of an adequate consideration is a matter of course for us. 
 Many of our lawyers/partners are former interns. The internship gave them and us the opportunity to get to know each other and to lay the foundation for future collaboration. 
 If you are interested and have an at least satisfactory first state examination please contact Mr Cornelius E. Wollmann (wollmann@wollmann.de). 
  Wollmann  
 Law Practise 
 Wollmann & Partner advises national and international companies in all areas of commercial law, especially in all questions of real estate law, labour law and commercial and corporate law. 
 Contact 
 Wollmann & Partner Rechtsanwälte mbB 
Meinekestrasse 22 
10719 Berlin 
 Phone:+49 30 88 41 09-0 
Fax:+49 30 88 41 09-30/39 
 berlin@wollmann.de 
 Stay Up To Date 
 We will notify you when we offer new releases, updates are quarterly at the most. 
 E-Mail* 
 
  Imprint  
  Privacy  
 
 © 2020 – Wollmann & Partner Rechtsanwälte mbB 
 Wollmann & Partner uses cookies to ensure the best possible service. With the use of our website you agree to the use of cookies.  Privacy Statement. 
 I consent 
