Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Anesthesia Assistant - Full Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi-task, and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
This role is an expanded role of a Registered Respiratory Therapist and requires completion of an accredited Anesthesia Assistant program. Your goal in this position is to provide clinical and technical support and respiratory therapy to patients in perioperative areas, Labour and Delivery, MRI, Outpatient Procedure Suites and other related areas where anesthesia may be involved, under the direct supervision of an Anesthesiologist. You will provide quality services in accordance with professional standards, hospital policies, and operate under medical directives or direct physician orders. This position will be team based, working collaboratively to meet the needs of patients. 
 On a practical level, you will: 
Prepare and monitor the surgical patient under supervision of the Anesthesiologist, 
Assist with the set up and administration of ventilation 
Provide assistance with the 3 stages of Anesthesia, Induction, Maintenance and Emergence Periods 
Proficiency in airway management and manual ventilation with and without an established advanced airway 
Demonstrate proficiency in intravenous and arterial line insertion and is responsible for establishing and maintaining IV/arterial access and administration of anesthesia care related medications 
Provide respiratory therapy services for patients in PACU (i.e., Ventilator and Airway Management, Hi-flow oxygen therapy, specialty inhalation therapy) 
Participate in the transfer and transportation of ventilated and monitored patients 
Provide education of respiratory therapy to students and Level 3P paramedics 
Participate in other technical support as directed by the Anesthesiologist 
 Work Schedule: 
Successful applicants should be available to work days, evenings, and weekends 7.5 hours, Monday through Sunday and holidays. Please note schedule may change due to operational needs 
 Compensation: 
TBD 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Registered Respiratory Therapist registered in good standing with the College of Respiratory Therapists of Ontario (CRTO) (Membership with Canadian Society of Respiratory Therapists and Respiratory Therapy Society of Ontario an asset) 
Successful completion of an Advanced Anesthesia Assistant Certificate Program required 
Current BCLS, ACLS, NRP certification (PALS an asset) 
Minimum 2 years’ experience in an Anesthesia Assistant role 
2 years of Critical Care or Operating Room experience 
Minimum of 3 - 5 years as a Registered Respiratory Therapist 
Knowledge of CRTO standards of practice and a clear understanding of the application of the RHPA legislation 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital Corporation takes pride in creating an inclusive and diverse workforce which represents the community we serve. We are dedicated to ensuring you feel respected and welcomed whether you are a patient, caregiver, visitor, community member, volunteer or employee. Our commitment to create an ‘honoured to care’ culture is an expression of our humble and compassionate attitude. Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
