Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Manager 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd 
 __Longlac, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What Is the Prescription For A Great Career? 
 At Rexall, we are community difference makers. Our hearts skip a beat when we meet talent who sees the bigger picture and wants to make an impact in our communities, our teams, and our business. This means finding even better ways to work, share ideas, and making a material difference in the Rexall journey. 
 We are leaders in health and wellness and a talent destination for over 7000 Rexall team members. We are proud to be part of the McKesson family, ranked fifth in the fortune 500. Together, we are defining better health through innovation, service, and living the "ICARE" values. Talk about a dream team! 
 The road ahead is one of adventure and heart. Are you our next all star? 
 The Mission:  Pharmacy Manager 
 The Pharmacy Manager is responsible for managing store pharmacy operations and maintaining a professional and cohesive working relationship with the Front Store Manager and staff. They are a catalyst in the execution of a superior patient care experience that translates into an environment that ensures people make the healthiest choices quickly, easily and confidently helping them feel better every day. 
 WORKING TO BUILD STORE PHARMACY OPERATIONS YOU FOCUS IS TO: 
 
 Actively promote the Rexall image within the community by encouraging a positive profile through participation and leadership in community business groups as well as initiatives focusing on Health and Wellness. 
 Demonstrate outstanding sales ability, leadership capabilities, by bringing energy, enthusiasm, passion and strong communication skills as we strive to be recognized as the Canadian leader in pharmacy health care. 
 Interface and plan clinics, demos, events, etc, in conjunction with the Front Shop Manager and the Healthy Living Advisor. 
 Recruit, train, motivate and evaluate all Pharmacy staff to ensure proper staffing and efficient pharmacy operations. 
 Provide professional advice and applicable dialogue with patients on prescription, healthy living products, services and O.T.C products in order to provide excellent customer service and encourage customer loyalty. 
 Champion and model the development of subject matter expertise at store level. Health and Wellness product knowledge, merchandising and exceptional Pharmacy/Patient Care. 
 Ensure process and responsiveness to referral clients from front store staff, especially Healthy Living/Wellness advisors and Nurse (if applicable). 
 Ensure company standard operating procedures, policies, professional standards and applicable laws and regulations are followed. 
 Ensure that the store achieves and maintains financial growth 
 
 YOU ARE THE IDEAL CANDIDATE IF YOU POSSESS: 
 
 Pharmacy license to practice in the province in which you are applying. 
 Experience in retail pharmaceutical systems and dispensing procedures I,e Nexxsys 
 Previous Pharmacy Management experience is preferred 
 Ability to maintain the optimum balance between the profession of pharmacy and business of pharmacy 
 Strong financial acumen 
 Excellent communication and organizational skills 
 Strong customer/patient satisfaction orientation 
 Strong leadership and decision making skills 
 
 The Rexall DNA: 
 
 Ready to make an impact  - You are mission-driven and want to make a difference 
 Builds consensus  - Your people-first mindset shows in all that you do 
 Embraces change  - You move fast and change excites you 
 Drives achievement  - You are wired to always exceed your personal best 
 Overcomes adversity  - You see the world as glass half full and embrace a good challenge 
 Trail blazer  - You love creating the path forward and being able to shape the future 
 Fun  - You think laughter is the best medicine and your positive energy is contagious 
 
 Side effects may include: 
 
 A closely connected culture 
 Competitive compensation, pension, benefits, personal days, employee discounts, and vacation time 
 Fully utilizing your talent 
 Professional growth and development via challenging projects and assignments 
 Warm and fuzzy feelings knowing you have helped your community, your team, the business and social causes through the Rexall Foundation 
 
 Are you #Allin   ? 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Canada Ltd. is committed to providing an accessible environment for all of our customers, employees, and job applicants. Rexall Pharmacy Group will make available to any selected applicants accommodations and/or accessible formats should he/she require. Candidates are encouraged to discuss any accommodation he/she may need in order to allow for the most effective selection process. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
