Skip to content 
 
 Need a Writer? 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Reliable - Genuine - Passionate - Upbeat 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About This Word Weaver 
 Contact: wordweavingwriter@gmail.com 
 Testimonials 
 Services 
 
 Tips to Help Your Teenager Get a Job (Clue: Stay Away!) 
 wordweavingwriter October 17, 2017 Topic Search 
 Post navigation 
 Previous 
 Next 
 My husband's workspace is busy so he's hiring. It falls to me to field enquiry phone calls and sort through resumes, I'm at the computer anyway and I'm pretty good at discerning proverbial wheat from the chaff. Out of twenty potential applicants, four phone calls are from parents sussing out the job on behalf of their 16 or 17 year old. And it makes us wonder: 
 If you don 't trust your teenage child to execute a simple phone call how can they be trusted to perform the job? 
 Are these the same teenagers who we're expecting to make good decisions and judgements on our roads with their L or P plates? 
 I understand parents feel they're more phone-savvy than their kids and ** 'know exactly what to ask'.** That's great because I've been interviewing people over the phone for articles and research for a decade and I still don't get it right. There's always 10 questions I forgot to ask that I think of when I hang up. It's just life.  It 's not a great look to call on their behalf. 
 I hate the phone, always have. Just last week I made myself a 'spearmint essential oil' blend for confident speech.  There are times when we just have to suck it up and pick up the phone. 
 Courtesy of Lewis Howes- inspiring us all to push through personal fears. 
 General Rule of Thumb for Parents 
 
 Unless you're planning on holding their hand at work, let them make their own phone calls to enquire for work. 
 Let them write their own resume. By all means, look over it, edit it, make further suggestions. Or email me for my hourly rate (wordweavingwriter@gmail.com). I'll fix it up for them and what's more I'll explain the basics  so they learn from it. 
 
 Boy, have I seen some shocking resumes! 
 3. Let them make mistakes, them them bumble and bluster through a phone call and forgot what to ask. We've all been there. It's admirable they're calling up,  it shows initiative and willingness to work . No-one is expecting barrister-savvy interview skills. Just a polite phone call to get more details about the job and to learn where to email the CV. 
 4. Role play the phone call with them, if it helps. Give them suggestions if it helps. Just let them make the call themselves. 
 I might have a vivid imagination… but when you call on behalf of your 16 year old I'm picturing they're lying in bed in the background smoking a bong and watching Cheech and Chong reruns. 
 Thanks but no thanks. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Why is age 35 to 50 a HOT FURNACE for Marriage? 
 Next Brilliant Indigenous Methods to Feed the World. Delicious Cake Anyone?  
 Published by wordweavingwriter 
 Accessible Language specialist. Available for online and print copywriting. Special focus on health and wellness, ethical businesses and emerging brands. Podcaster at www.lovingthesnowlife.com.au. Available on iTunes, Spotify and Apple podcasts.   View all posts by wordweavingwriter  
 1 Comment 
 
 Ingrid  says: 
 
 October 17, 2017 at 11:18 pm 
 Great advice, Word Weaving Writer! My husband and I just watched a young man arrive at a super busy restaurant to drop off his resume at noon. 
A simple phone call to ask when the best time is to catch the manager would have meant he arrived at a more convenient time and would not have annoyed the most senior staff member in the place. Pretty sure that resume is making its way to the bin. 
Not to mention arriving at noon doesn’t bode well for the Early Bird award. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 LIFE LOVEANDSKI 
 If you're a snowboard or ski nut jump over to  lifeloveandski  and get all the tips & tricks for skiing Japan, Canada, Australia or USA with a young family. 
 Sign up for Word Weaver Writing posts 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 Follow Need a Writer? on WordPress.com 
 Translate 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
