
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 You're probably not one to take a job just to make your friends jealous, but in case you are, Sukle is hiring a Project Manager in Denver, CO, USA. 
 About 
 Can you juggle sharp objects while providing psychotherapy to your co-workers? Can you see around corners from a mile away? If so, you might be the person we're looking for. Sukle is looking for an expereinced, proactive and highly organized Project Manager to be the hub for all aspects of our agency operations. Ad agency experience is not a requirement, but you should thrive in a fast-paced environment, know how to dissect any size project to get the most out of a team, have experience building and managing timelines to bring projects in on time and on budget, and work to make other's jobs easier (no matter who they are). 
 The Responsibilities 
· Define project tasks, schedules, allocate resources and monitor progress 
· Align project objectives with company goals, and make sure project team is clear on objectives 
· Identify and resolve issues and risks 
· Work multiple projects simultaneously 
· Foster partnership with customers/stakeholders/sponsors 
· Lead meetings and set expectations for project team 
· Manage project progress and adapting work as required 
· Ensure projects meet deadlines 
· Work closely with account teams to manage budget 
· Track deliverables 
· Monitor and report on project progress 
· Create detailed reports of workflow for executive staff 
 The Skills 
· Critical thinking and problem solving 
· Solid decision-making and leadership capabilities 
· Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
· Strong persuasive skills 
 Education & Experience 
Bachelor’s degree required 
5+ years experience in project management 
Proficiency in project management software tools including but not limited to Workamajig and MS Excel. 
Proficient in MS Office applications, Adobe Acrobat Professional, Google Apps. 
Basic understanding of Adobe Creative Suite. 
PM certification is a plus 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7668-sukle-project-manager  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Project Management 
 Date Posted 
 November 6, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Heidi Moore 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Near mountains 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
