
 Jon Rainford 
 
 careers 
 All by myself? The misrecognition of success as an individual endeavour 
 Education 
 In one symposia at  BERA conference 2014 , there was an interesting comment from the floor that in one village a colleague lived in, there were three millionaires and two were hairdressers. This comment was interesting as after all, not all hairdressers are millionaires . I would argue in fact that those that are often exist as exceptions to the rule. This suggests that there must be other issues in play. Repeatedly at primary age there seems to be a convergence of aspiration around particular careers such as being a vet, a doctor, a lawyer (the mechanism for which I have talked about  here ) yet rarely do these become realities for these children. I propose therefore that whilst there is a commonality of aspiration, there is a uncommonality in the realities of the existences of these young people. 
 The recently reported statistic that  71% of judges come from 7% of schools  begins to illuminate the issue but I would argue that it is less superficial that a simple financial or educational privilege. The age-old mantra of success breeding success might begin to get to the heart of the issue. In  Distinction , Bourdieu talks about different capitals and the importance of certain forms of cultural capital to get on in life. Many of these capitals relate to the ability to network, to form common bonds with others and to fit in, yet the neoliberal agenda and the emphasis on individualised education and meritocracy does not help build this collectivist approach to success but instead keeps returning consistently to one of individualism. 
 High levels of graduate unemployment often relate to the inability to break into a desired field due to a lack of a route in. In some cases this is due to a lack of financial capital. It is well documented how the  media industry often relies on a period of poorly paid or unpaid internships to gain entry to higher level jobs . Other reasons include an absence of jobs within that field in the locality in which they live or simply because many opportunities come not from what is formally advertised but through contacts within the industry and where they are formally advertised, employers often have candidates who are previously known to them earmarked for the job. All three reasons contrast starkly with the discourse that individuals are not trying hard enough to find work or that their degrees are 'useless' 
 An emphasis on hard work and striving to make it into a particular career can therefore be seen to be at odds with the structural realities of the employment market and the discourse of striving; success for those who work hard. This individualistic approach is not entirely the model that successful people will follow. There is an element to success that is by its nature collaborative. Be it being seen at the right time by an influential person in the field or knowing someone who can act as a gatekeeper to an employer or a potential business contact, or even just as a mentor for moral support when success takes time so that individual doesn't abandon their aspiration when faced with obstacles. 
 I would argue, therefore that if we are to begin to tackle issues of aspiration, one area of the curriculum in schools that needs to address is that around how to develop these skills, not just in discreet careers education but as a central part of every subject. The use of project based working not just within one classrooms but between classrooms and across geographical boundaries. Helping young people to develop the skills and knowledge that it is ok to work with others to achieve a common goals and that often you need to move outside of their immediate peer group to find the collaboration that will be the most useful in any given circumstance. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 September 27, 2014   jonrainford  Tagged  aspiration ,  BERA ,  BERA2014 ,  British Educational Research Association ,  careers ,  Education   Leave a comment 
 Common dreams for an uncommon reality 
 Education 
 Throughout the papers during the first day of  BERA conference 2014 , researchers repeatedly told of young people in their studies who consistently talked of being aspirational in their future career plans and dreams for the future, something which is consistent with my own experience and the  blog Kim Allen and myself wrote on this topic recently . Like so many of the young people I work with, there are classed, gendered and ethnocentric elements to this. White working class boys often talk of wanting to be in the armed forces whilst Asian young people often talk of careers with prestige such as in Medicine. 
 There is, however a discord between these aspirations, the qualifications gained by these young people and the realities of the job market. Through the lens of Bourdieu and Passeron's  Reproduction in Education , I would argue what is happening is a creation of legitimacy of certain occupations and a devaluation of others framed by the beliefs and values of those in the upper classes. More often than not this is brought into not just consciously but subconsciously by individuals and communities through their educational practices. 
 I would argue that current educational policies have served to reinforce this devaluation of more technical occupations and increasing legitimisation of others. For example the introduction of the  EBacc measure of GCSE success  gives weight to those young people who possess certain levels of academic knowledge in a specific range of subjects and devalues those whose strengths lie within vocational qualifications. Moreover, the  reduction in weight in league tables of BTEC qualifications  also reinforces this devaluation. 
 The issue is wider than the policies of secondary schooling; from the  differentiated funding streams for STEM subjects  in universities and the initiatives to the numerous initiatives to encourage young people to choose STEM careers over others all work together to legitimise this discourse. By creating this perceived hierarchy of value, is it any surprise that parents who want their children to succeed buy into the discourse of certain careers and subjects being better than others, regardless of the talents or interests of their children? 
 To break this cycle of devaluation of careers and pathways that may create happier, more successful young people, those who understand the mechanisms at work need to begin to challenge them. By entering into a dialogue with those who perpetuate these myths of ‘better’ careers, more ‘valuable’ degrees or more ‘useful’ subject choices, we can begin to help young people find careers that they want to do and that they will be successful in instead of those which they are led to believe are superior. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 September 27, 2014   jonrainford  Tagged  aspiration ,  BERA ,  BERA2014 ,  British Educational Research Association ,  careers ,  Education ,  young people   1 Comment 
 Widgets 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Practitioners care, but do institutions? 
 An open letter to Iain Stewart MP: Save the OU 
 A perfect storm of mismanagement could have lasting, damaging effects 
 Why tweet about your research? 
 Book Review: Academic Diary - Les Back 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Starting a part-time…  on  Part-time studying but full-ti… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Why tweet about your…  on  Academics: Why twitter should… 
 
 
 
 jonrainford  on  Part-time studying but full-ti… 
 
 
 Alan on  Part-time studying but full-ti… 
 
 
 
 
 crazy grad mama  on  Part-time studying but full-ti… 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 #socphd blog 
 Brains, Time, Money: Part-Time & Self-Funded Postgraduate Study 
 Sociological Imagination 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 June 2018 
 March 2018 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 December 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Thriving Part-Time 
 Res-Sisters 
 rachel handforth 
 Stuff About Unis 
 watton's wanderings 
 RESPECTING CHILDREN & YOUNG PEOPLE 
 Theory Types 
 Lesley Raven EdD student 
 Pedfed 
 joeseeberblog 
 EdD to PhD 
 notatextbook 
 Carli Ria Rowell 
 shelleyrunningoutofexcuses 
 Education, Youth Poverty and Social Class 
 Jaydon Cabe Photography 
 primarolia NYC 
 Thinking culture 
 Streetsigns 
 ESRC Moral Panic Seminar Series, 2012 - 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 book review 
 digital sociology 
 EdD 
 Education 
 higher education 
 IVSA 2013 
 PhD 
 public sociology 
 Uncategorized 
 visual sociology 
 widening participation 
 
 
 #toughyoungteachers   Academia   aspiration   Becker   BERA   BERA2014   blog   blogging   book review   British Educational Research Association   BSA   C. Wright Mills   careers   CelebYouth   Creating publics   current sociology   digital sociology   Doctor of Philosophy   Documentary photography   EdD   Education   engagement   funding   GCSE   gove   HE   higher education   Howard Becker   impact   IVSA   IVSA2013   Les Back   Live Methods   London   LSE impact blog   Mills   occupy   Ofsted   owen jones   Part-time   PhD   Phd part-time sociology   Photography   Photojournalism   Polly Toynbee   public engagement   publics   public sociology   Puwar   reading   Reality television   REF   REF2014   Research   research degree   sanjay sharma   Schools   Social media   Social reality   Social science   Social Sciences   Sociological Imagination   Sociologists   sociology   SRHE   Street photography   TeachFirst   teaching   Twitter   UALL   urban sociology   Visual sociology   widening participation   WP   writing 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Thriving Part-Time 
 Everything you need to know to not just survive but thrive during your part-time doctorate 
 Res-Sisters 
 rachel handforth 
 Research, writing and ruminations 
 Stuff About Unis 
 A jargon-free exploration of hot topics in higher education... 
 watton's wanderings 
 Wanderings of mind, body and soul 
 RESPECTING CHILDREN & YOUNG PEOPLE 
 Learning from the past, redesigning the future 
 Theory Types 
 A blog for theory types 
 Lesley Raven EdD student 
 A record of my doctorate study 
 Pedfed 
 Educators shootin' from the hip. 
 joeseeberblog 
 This WordPress.com site is the cat’s pajamas 
 EdD to PhD 
 Reflections on doctoral study 
 notatextbook 
 "Grammar? That's your mum's mum, right?" 
 Carli Ria Rowell 
 Welcome to my sociological imagination 
 shelleyrunningoutofexcuses 
 My journey from fat to fit! 
 Education, Youth Poverty and Social Class 
 A BERA Social Justice and Youth SIGs Collaborative Project 
 Jaydon Cabe Photography 
 Jaydon Cabe Photography Blog 
 primarolia NYC 
 All my banned posts are here! 
 Thinking culture 
 exercising the cultural imagination 
 Streetsigns 
 Goldsmiths, University of London 
 ESRC Moral Panic Seminar Series, 2012 - 2014 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
