
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Centaur Labs (W19) 
 Labeling medical images at scale 
 Data Infrastructure Engineer 
 $80k - $150k • 0.25% - 1.00% 
 Location 
 Boston, MA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Centaur Labs 
 At Centaur Labs, we label data at scale to enable breakthroughs in medical AI. Our novel approach uses collective intelligence to aggregate medical opinions from experts and students all over the world. Our labeling customers include AI startups and prominent research organizations. We are a tight-knit team of 10 headquartered in Boston, and we're funded by Y Combinator, Accel, and GFC. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Amazon Web Services (AWS), Python 
 At Centaur Labs, we label data at scale to enable breakthroughs in medical AI. Our novel approach uses collective intelligence to aggregate medical opinions from experts and students all over the world. Our labeling customers include AI startups and prominent research organizations. We are a tight-knit team of 10 headquartered in Boston, and we're funded by Y Combinator, Accel, and GFC. 
 Our ambitious data team transforms datasets (video, image, text, audio, DICOM, NIfTI) into bite-sized, high-throughput labeling tasks anyone can do on their iPhone. We then aggregate millions of data labels per month, including geometric data, to provide our customers with highly accurate medical annotations. 
 As our Data Infrastructure Engineer, you will take a lead role in architecting, developing, and scaling the Centaur data platform to meet our business objectives. Our ideal candidate is meticulous, highly detail-oriented, and not afraid to take on big engineering challenges. 
 Objectives: 
 
 Work with business and product teams to understand customer needs and deliver data products to meet them 
 Develop systems that are future-proof and will scale with the company 
 Ensure availability and resiliency of data layer 
 Keep our data private using security best practices 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Proficient with a modern backend language (Python, Node.js, Golang, etc) 
 Experience writing complex SQL queries 
 Familiarity with AWS ecosystem 
 
 Bonus: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, or equivalent 
 Experience analyzing and optimizing database performance 
 Understanding of data science concepts, basic probability, and statistics 
 Experience building or maintaining ETL processes 
 Experience using PostGIS 
 Experience using Swift 
 Experience writing or editing academic papers, articles, or blog posts 
 
 Company Perks: 
 
 Competitive salary and equity 
 Medical and dental coverage 
 20 days PTO plus 11 annual paid holidays 
 Spacious office at great location on Boylston Street across from the Prudential Tower 
 Friendly office dog :) 
 
 Technology 
 We use React.js and Swift on the front end, and Python and Swift (Vapor) on the back-end. Our data stores are PostgreSQL and Redis, and we're hosted on AWS. 
 Centaur faces a wide variety of difficult technical problems, from efficiently serving millions of images and videos to our users, to ensuring our platform is secure and our valuable data sets remain private, to performing complex analysis on our users' performance and building machine learning models to take our decision making capabilities to the next level. 
 Other jobs at Centaur Labs 
 Data Infrastructure Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Boston, MA / Remote 
 Backend 
 $80k - $150k 
 0.25% - 1.00% 
 3+ years 
 Product Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Boston, MA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Growth Marketer (Mobile App) 
 fulltime 
 Boston / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Operations and Engagement Manager 
 fulltime 
 Bostpm / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
