Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Success Plan 2012 -- Part 3: Stay Connected & Visible 
 Martin Yate    29th February    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Success%20Plan%202012%20--%20Part%203%3A%20Stay%20Connected%20%26%20Visible%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fstay-connected%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Editor 's Note: Read part 1  here  and part 2  here . 
 In an insecure world of work, where  job security  is a thing of the past, you obviously want to stay connected with the right people and avoid the traumas of financial dislocation that come with unanticipated job change. 
 All clear-headed professionals, as a matter of enlightened self-interest, need to learn and apply the practical career survival strategies that will give them greater control over their destinies and better tools for staying in their jobs. 
 
 **How to Stay Connected & Be Visible ** to Headhunters 
 Just as your company has an inner circle, so too does your profession, and becoming part of it delivers benefits that can have an immediate impact on your career. The inner circle of your profession, those most committed and best-connected, know each other through social networking and membership in professional associations. 
 Social networking, through  Linkedin.com  or one of the many other networking sites, allows you to stay connected and reach out into an almost limitless community of like-minded professionals, on a local or global basis. These contacts can help you grow professionally, acting as mentors and allies. They can also help you in a job search today, or one planned for the future, with introductions at their own companies or to the right people at other companies. 
 Begin by linking up with people you have worked with in the past, then expand your network by joining special interest groups and connecting with others who share your professional interests. 
 These benefits make getting connected through LinkedIn, the premier networking site for professionals, one of the easiest and smartest career strategies for professional connectivity. There are many social networking sites, and it is probably a good idea to have a presence on two of the biggest. 
 After LinkedIn, Facebook should be your second choice. For a complete listing of networking sites by special interests, languages, sex, race, and more, go to  http://www.wikipedia.org  and key in "social networks." 
 You should also become a member in the local or regional chapter of a professional association. This offers similar benefits to social networking but on a smaller scale. However, association membership gives you at least a nodding acquaintance with the most committed and connected people in your profession and local area; these are the people who can most immediately help you with your career and with who you should stay connected. 
 Keep Updated 
 No one has ever thought to explain to you that in a world with zero job security, the two most important skills you can develop to achieve and maintain success are those of job search and career management*. 
 Keep a current resume. Never knowing exactly when you will next need to go into job search mode, you will create (or have created for you) an effective resume to be prepared for the realities of the work-world, and you will maintain it with regular updates. 
 Keep your profile posted on the social networking sites and maintain some involvement with your special interest groups.  Headhunters love these groups , and so should you: It's much better to get to know a headhunter and turn down an opportunity than never to hear about it in the first place. 
 Even when happily employed, keep yourself registered (with an anonymous/ sanitized resume) on appropriate job sites and resume banks. Save job opportunities you are notified about to a career management database. 
 Your 4-Step Readiness Plan 
 
 Create and maintain a killer resume; remember that an up-to-date resume can be useful in pursuing internal promotions as well as new jobs. 
 Nurture new professional contracts through social networks, because who you know increases what you know. The contacts increase your visibility, while the skills increase your credibility; and these are what a good professional brand is built on. 
 Keep relevant job postings, because companies hire similar people every year. 
 Save, contacts, resumes, job postings: -- everything relevant to your career -- in a career management database. It will make navigating the twists and turns of a long career much easier and help keep yourfocus on what's best for you. 
 
 It's  your  future. Make this the time when you build the job search and career management skills that enable you compete in a fiercely competitive job market. 
 
 This failure of communication in matters that pertain to every American's ability to survive and succeed in the adult world is damning evidence of the entire educational system's frightening ignorance of the world that must be faced by working people. 
 
 -- 
 How do you stay connected and leverage social media in your industry? Got a success story to share? 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard benefits of networking ,  Powered by Article Dashboard how to give head ,  Powered by Article Dashboard a world history of photography ,  Powered by Article Dashboard career management ,  Powered by Article Dashboard general interview questions ,  Powered by Article Dashboard most common interview questions ,  Powered by Article Dashboard drew barrymore movies ,  Powered by Article Dashboard career description ,  Powered by Article Dashboard maintain 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Headhunters (1) 
 
 
 Job security (2) 
 
 
 Social Networks (2) 
 
 
 Stay connected (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Martin Yate  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Facebook  |  Other Articles 
 Martin Yate, CPC, is one of the foremost experts in the world of job search and career management. The author of  Knock 'em Dead Resumes,Knock 'em Dead Cover Letters, Knock 'em Dead: Secrets & Strategies for Success in an Uncertain World , and numerous other books, he has helped millions of people turn their careers and their lives around. For more job-hunting resources and advice, visit  KnockEmDead.com . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Projecting the Right Image: 5 Tips For Having a Great Professional Portrait Taken  
  _ _     Why Sleeping at Work Can Help Your Career  
  _ _     Friend or Faux: How Do You Pick Your Friends on Social Networks?  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Tina Su  on the 1st March 
 
 Reply   
 I found that having social proof is an important element in developing trust online for recruiters. If you're looking for a job or new clients through LinkedIn, I think it is crucial to have other people leaving testimonials about you from your previous jobs. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
