Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Facility Attendant Positions 2020 
 The Town of Caledon 
 __Caledon, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 Do you love working with people, have excellent customer service skills, an outgoing personality and a passion for recreation? We want to meet you! 
 The Opportunity: 
Our Recreation Team has various Facility Positions available within our facilities: 
 Facility Attendant 
 Our Facility Attendants: 
Perform indoor and outdoor maintenance tasks (sweep, wash/strip floors, vacuum, wash windows/doors, clean washrooms/change rooms, etc.) 
Assist with maintaining the facility (paint, carpentry repairs, roof maintenance etc.) 
Assist with the maintenance of arena/ice facilities, fitness area, and/or swimming pool (not all locations) 
Set-up meeting rooms for user functions 
Stock vending machines 
Perform administrative tasks (i.e. attendance, preparation, Injury and Incident Reports etc.) 
Attend team meetings and training sessions 
Assist in providing a clean, healthy, safe environment for the program and ensure equipment is stored as required 
Immediately report incidents to the Recreation Coordinator or designate 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current Standard First Aid with CPR- C 
Knowledge/experience with basic plumbing, electrical systems and/or carpentry would be an asset 
Valid driver's license in good standing with no more than 3 demerit points 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Organizational skills with attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
 Satisfactory passing of a vulnerable sector check, and proof of qualifications will be required of any successful candidate(s) for these positions. 
 The Town is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to an inclusive and barrier-free workplace. If your application requires accommodation, please contact Human Resources at (905) 584-2272 Ext. 4738. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
