Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: musical careers 
 June 25, 2010 * 7:07 pm 
 Yeah, Yeah, Yeah 
 The Cambridge Companion to The Beatles, edited by Kenneth Womack (Cambridge University Press) 
 " (George) Martin was more impressed with the Beatles charisma than their early material." 
 The Cambridge Companion to The Beatles  is an excellent collection of essays concerning the band's work. This compendium manages to cover their musical career from simple rockers to complicated composers without missing a beat. The chapter, "The Beatles as recording artists" quotes freely from recording engineer Geoff Emerick. Although it's a fine summary in a couple of dozen pages, it does not take the place of Emerick's essential work,  Here, There and Everywhere: My Life Recording the Beatles. 
 As with every account of the Beatles, things start out fine and fun before ending in the train wreck of the band's dissolution. We begin with Meet the Beatles and end up with the mishmash digital meddling - and mess - of Love. It remains, all in all, a sad story. (Hey Jude, anyone?) 
 One of the writers notes that major educational institutions - like Cambridge - now see the Beatles as a  bona fide  topic of scholarly inquiry. Fine, but collections like this one completely omit the spirit of the Fab Four; their human energy if you will. This reviewer thinks that mythologizing the Beatles is more destructive than constructive. After all, as John Lennon said, they were just four guys in a band. That was enough. 
 Well recommended. 
 Reprinted courtesy of Sacramento Book Review. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  Abbey Road ,  bands ,  book review ,  books ,  Cambridge University ,  Cambridge University Press ,  charisma ,  composers ,  constructive criticism ,  destructive ,  England ,  essential books ,  four guys ,  Geoff Emeric ,  George Harrison ,  George Martin ,  Hey Jude ,  John Lennon ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kenneth Womack ,  Love ,  Meet the Beatles ,  music essays ,  music reviews ,  musical analysis ,  musical careers ,  musical composition ,  My Life Recording the Beatles ,  Paul McCartney ,  recommended books ,  recording artists ,  Ringo Starr ,  rock music ,  scholarly inquiries ,  The Beatles ,  The Cambridge Companion ,  the early Beatles ,  The Fab Four ,  trade paperback ,  writing compendiums 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
