Toggle navigation     
 
  Login  
  Sign Up  
 
 Work In Sports Academy Bundle 
 Get all four Work In Sports Academy courses for just $99 - that's 38% savings! 
 Get Lifetime Access to All 4 Work in Sports Academy Courses for $99 
 Become a Master at Getting Hired in Sports 
 Learn strategies and tactics to stand out for jobs in the sports industry 
 Being a “Huge Fan” Isn’t Enough to Work in Sports 
 The sports industry is a competitive environment to break into, but don't let that dissuade you from following your passion! 
 The Work In Sports Academy Bundle is designed to separate you from the pack by teaching you the tips, tricks and strategies that will set you apart from the competition. 
 Getting hired in sports takes more than a high GPA, winning personality and encyclopedic knowledge of sports trivia - it takes experience, networking, mastering your personal brand and nailing the interview process. 
 Led by 20-year sports industry veteran and host of the Work in Sports podcast Brian Clapp, who has consulted with hundreds of active sports executives and hiring managers in the creation of this course, we will teach you how to become the job candidate sports employers can’t wait to hire. 
 By enrolling you will have lifetime access to all four courses in the Work in Sports Academy bundle: 
 
 Gaining the RIGHT Experience 
 Building and Maintaining Your Network 
 Mastering your Resume, Cover Letter and Personal Brand 
 Interviewing for Jobs and Internships 
 
 Let's get to work! 
 Courses Included with Purchase 
 Gaining the RIGHT Experience for Your Sports Career 
 The RIGHT experience matters to sports employers! In this course we'll teach you how to gain experience that counts. 
 Brian Clapp 
 $39 
 Building and Maintaining Your Sports Industry Network 
 Learn how to build a powerful network of sports industry contacts from scratch! 
 Brian Clapp 
 $39 
 Mastering Your Resume, Cover Letter and Personal Brand 
 Your resume, cover letter and personal brand speaks for you! In this course learn how to make sure they send sports employers the right message! 
 Brian Clapp 
 $39 
 Interviewing for Jobs and Internships in the Sports Industry 
 The tips, tactics and strategies to help you stand out during the interview process, whether it's on the phone, video, group, panel or face-to-face!! 
 Brian Clapp 
 $39 
 Original Price: $156 
 “I’m living proof that Brian’s advice works! I took his advice prior to applying for jobs, interviewing, and starting my internship, and it’s worked every time.” 
 - Jake Kernen, Florida State University 
 __ 
 Get started now! 
 Paid Course  Coupon Discount 
 $99 
 Enroll today for just $99! 
 "I've had Brian speak in my class at Arizona State University the last two semesters and I can't stress this enough, the information he shares is life changing for my students. " 
 -  Ed Olsen, CEO Line Drive Sports Marketing & Adjunct Professor Arizona State University. 
 __ 
 What Do You Get as Part of the Work In Sports Academy Bundle? 
 When you purchase the Sports Career Game Plan you will receive lifetime access to: 
 
 120+ pages of actionable career advice organized into four modules 
 20 exclusive video sessions 
 10 downloadable worksheets, checklists and cheat sheets 
 20 Quizzes and Assignments 
 Audio content and interviews with industry experts 
 All updates and additional content! 
 
 The Work In Sports Academy bundle is comprehensive! 
 As you progress through the course you'll feel your confidence grow, and learn how to let your abilities shine through. 
 You will be armed with the tools to convince sports employers you are the real deal. 
 “I used Brian’s tips and tricks heading into the Texas Rangers Sports Career Fair and I received two different internship offers and multiple other great connections. Thank you, Brian, this has been a real game changer” 
 Ben Milliet, Trinity University 
 __ 
 Inside the Work in Sports Academy Bundle 
 There are four main pillars essential to becoming the best possible candidate for jobs in the sports industry: 
 
 Gaining the RIGHT experience  [$39]  **** 
 Building and Maintaining Your Network  [$39] 
 Mastering Your Resume, Cover Letter, and Personal Brand  [$39] 
 Interviewing for Jobs and Internships  [$39] 
 
 When you purchase the Work In Sports Academy bundle you'll have lifetime access for just $99 total -  that's a 38% savings! 
 We recognize that people absorb information differently, which is why our course content consists of written articles, audio files, videos, and worksheets. 
 
 Our exclusive videos  are hosted by course mentor Brian Clapp and provide a deeper look into the subject matter, utilizing case studies and first-hand stories to make the content come to life. 
 Audio files are hand selected  from the Work in Sports podcast, some are focused on a specific topic in the curriculum, while others are interviews with sports industry experts. 
 Our articles are not like a textbook.  There isn’t any dry content that is hard to get through, everything is written to be actionable and energized. 
 Quiz yourself.  At the end of each lecture, take a quiz that immediately tests your understanding of the content. 
 Use our  downloadable worksheets and checklists  to keep yourself on track and provide a reference point for you to always refer back to. 
 Access 24/7 at home, work or on the go!  View the course materials on your desktop, tablet, and phone. 
 
 Your Instructor 
 Brian Clapp 
 Brian Clapp has worked for over 20 years in the sports industry, beginning at CNN/Sports Illustrated as a Production Assistant in 1996. After working his way up to Producer, Brian branched out to Fox Sports Northwest where he was named Coordinating Producer of the Northwest Sports Report and other ancillary programs. The Boston native was promoted to News Director of Fox Sports Northwest after his first year in Seattle, where he was in charge of a multi-million dollar production budget, hiring and managing staff, journalistic decision-making and partnerships with the Seattle Mariners, Seahawks, Sonics and Sounders, and collegiate partners including the University of Washington and Washington State University. 
 After his time at Fox Sports Northwest, Brian joined the team at WorkInSports.com as Director of Content, sharing career advice and hosting the award-winning Work in Sports podcast. 
 You can contact Brian directly at [email protected]  for any questions about this career changing course! 
 Industry Experts Included in the Work In Sports Academy: 
 
 Colleen Scoles, Philadelphia Eagles Talent Acquisition Manager 
 Mailynh Vu, Cleveland Indians Assistant Director of Talent Acquisition 
 Chris Valente, Fenway Sports Management Director of Sales 
 Mike Judge, Cleveland Browns Recruiter and Inside Sales Manager 
 Don Costante, Kansas City Royals Director of Game Entertainment 
 Dan Rossetti, President Prodigy Sports Recruiting Agency 
 Katie Gillen, Atlanta United FC Manager Social Media and Analytics 
 Samantha Wood, Philadelphia Eagles Director of Digital and Social 
 Lauren Sisler, SEC Network Reporter 
 Bryan Srabian, San Francisco Giants VP of Digital Media and Brand Development 
 Vincent Pierson, Minor League Baseball Director of Diversity and Inclusion 
 Christopher Flynn, Oakland A’s Sales Manager 
 Leigh Steinberg, Iconic Sports Agent 
 Emily Jaenson, Reno Aces General Manager 
 Brian Killingsworth, Vegas Golden Knights Chief Marketing Officer 
 Nicole Lynn, Sports Agent Young Money APAA Sports 
 Dior Ginyard, NFLPA Senior Player Manager 
 
 These experts share insider information on how they got their first job, built their network and have grown in their career. They dig deep into the challenges they’ve faced, the culture of sports employment, what they look for when hiring and so much more. 
 In this course, you won’t just learn from Brian Clapp, you’ll learn from this esteemed group of sports industry experts! 
 “I just had my first sports industry interview today and got invited back for a second - I credit that to the advice you have shared! Thank you, Brian!” 
 Kayla Bieber, Washington State University 
 __ 
 __Frequently Asked Questions 
 When does the course start and finish? 
 The course starts now and never ends! It is a completely self-paced online course - you decide when you start and when you finish. 
 How long do I have access to the course? 
 How does lifetime access sound? After enrolling, you have unlimited access to this course for as long as you like - across any and all devices you own. 
 What if I am unhappy with the course? 
 We would never want you to be unhappy! If you are unsatisfied with your purchase, contact us in the first 30 days and we will give you a full refund. 
 Get started now! 
 Paid Course  Coupon Discount 
 $99 
 __    Enroll in Course for $99 
 (C) WorkInSports 2021 
 
  Terms of Use  
  Privacy Policy  
 
