Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Laboratory Technologist I 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Devon, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Working along with other Health Care Professionals, you will provide Laboratory support to the community of Devon. Please note, this facility provides Long Term Care (LTC) or Designated Supportive Living (DSL) services and by Order of the Chief Medical Officer of Health, many AHS employees are restricted to work only at a single LTC/DSL site for the remainder of the pandemic. Speak to the hiring manager who will confirm if, as the successful candidate in this position, you will be restricted to work at only one LTC/DLS site in Alberta. 
 Description: 
As a Medical Laboratory Technologist (MLT) I, you will be responsible for the daily processing, testing, results analysis and reporting of diagnostic samples within the laboratory department. You will perform a variety of routine and specialized procedures in the processing of specimens used in diagnosis, treatment and research. 
 Classification:  Laboratory Technologist I 
 Union:  HSAA FAC PROF/TECH 
 Department:  Stat Laboratory DEVON 
 Primary Location:  Devon General Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.50 
 Posting End Date:  10-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp P/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  21-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  12-DEC-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  2 
 Shifts per cycle:  5 
 Shift Pattern:  Days Evenings Weekends On Call 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $33.98 
 Maximum Salary:  $44.75 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Medical Laboratory Technology (MLT) program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Medical Laboratory Technologists of Alberta (CMLTA). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
You are an organized, independent worker and a strong team player who is committed to providing quality patient care. You understand and maintain a working knowledge of analytical techniques and demonstrate excellent problem solving, decision making and trouble-shooting skills. You are approachable and reliable. Your communication and interpersonal skills enable you to deal courteously and tactfully with team members and other Alberta Health Services Staff. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Proficiency with the Epic (Beaker), Wellsky and general computer applications. Experience with the Sysmex XN550, Stago Satellite, Siemens Clinitek Status, Ortho Diagnostics Vitros 350, Siemens Stratus CS and Point of Care Instrumentation. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
