
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 Freelance Senior Strategist, Experience. Landor & Fitch. Columbus, OH, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 The Senior Strategist,Experience provides day-to-day leadership of strategy work streams by showing best practice of insightful and convincing solutions for LANDOR & FITCH clients and internal creative stakeholders. 
 Professional Experience: 
 Ability to communicate strategic thinking clearly and effectively to internal and external stakeholders 
Comfort and expertise in supporting/leading interviews - internal, external, executive 
Experience in retail positioning, design strategy, and understanding consumer/shopper behavior 
Proven ability to turn data into actionable insights 
Skilled at researching trends in customer behavior, retail strategies, and branding 
Facilitating creative exploration among diverse participants (internal and external) 
Proven ability to lead projects through clear written and oral communications 
Experience working with large, global retailers and brands 
Leading candidates will have exceptional attention to detail, a balanced analytical and creative mindset, ability to swiftly prioritize competing priorities, and knowledge of retail and branding best practices 
 Key Responsibilities: The majority of time within the role is dedicated to: 
 Providing day-to-day leadership of strategy work streams 
Representing the strategy team and wider community with clients 
Providing a clear, evidence-based strategy that is true to the consumer and valuable to the client 
Supporting strategists on their journey towards becoming senior strategists 
Demonstrate best practice in how to use our strategic tools and processes 
Owning and developing a specialism that supports projects and drives the wider business 
Providing insight on LANDOR & FITCH’s competitors and how we can win 
Leading pitch work streams 
 Key Success Factors: 
 Logical approach that connects all the drivers with the desired outcome 
Engaging communication with clients, teams, and other communities 
Collaborative results to drive a point of view in a way that includes all voices 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7967-landor-fitch-senior-strategist-experience  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Design Strategy, Retail, Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Azia Martin 
 Fine Print 
 We believe diversity brings creativity, which is at the heart of everything we do. We are actively engaging in creating an environment free of discrimination, where our people and their uniqueness can shine and be celebrated. We’re working to set a standard for the industry as a whole, creating a culture of equity and belonging. We may not be perfect, and we know there is work to do, but we regularly check with our teams and Employee Resource Groups on how we are doing, using their insight to frame our thinking and actions, so we can all do better, working as one LANDOR & FITCH. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
