Skip to content 
 
 
 Welcome to the blog of inTAXicating.ca! Since 2008 we've been writing posts to help Canadians solve their tax issues with the Canada Revenue Agency. If you have any questions, or if you need assistance with any CRA matters including, but not limited to; Collections, Enforcement, Audits, Liens, Back-Filing, Assessments, Director's Liability, s160/325, Taxpayer Relief or the Voluntary Disclosure Program. If you have debt and are considering Bankruptcy or a Consumer Proposal, speak with us first. With over 10-years of CRA experience in the Collections division, our expertise is in the diagnosing and solving of the most complex tax problems. 
 Interesting: CRA Employee Fired over Video Game About His Job 
 This child will now never create a video-game about her CRA job! 
 I was a little caught aback when I saw that the  Canada Revenue Agency  (CRA) fired an employee over a video game that he had created based on his job. Getting fired from the CRA is not easy task - as I used to tell people when I worked at the CRA, you could stand on your bosses desk and pee on his / her papers and not come close to getting fired. I had to do some research and ask around to get more details in order to see what really happened to cause this termination. My immediate reaction to this article - before reading it and researching for more details, as that I would have thought that someone with this kind of wit and abilities should not be fired from the CRA, but rather, promoted in the CRA, right into the IT or marketing departments where his skills could be used to help the CRA make peace with the general public. Then again, I'm not often surprised by the decisions made by the CRA.The video game this employee made, was not solely based on his job, but rather, on the disdain of his job - which makes a pretty big difference. in my opinion. In case you would like to locate the game and check it out, the developer's name is David S. Gallant and the name of his game is "I Get This Call Every Day". Based on details of his location and that he would be receiving calls every day which are similar, I came to the conclusion that he worked in the call centre somewhere out near the Toronto West TSO. 
 In the game, users listen to a customer call and are given options for how they can respond to the inquiry. The game prompts the user to respond to the calls, and having never seen the game I cannot be 100% sure, but I understand that there are common responses and some shall we say are a little less than professional, such as the often cited snarky response like "I'm not your buddy, sir" which is intended to rile up callers instead of helping them with their problems and moving on to the next call. 
 While it's true that the CRA are not your buddies, I can honestly saw in the 11-years I spent at the CRA and the 7 years since dealing with call services agents on the phone, I am more concerned when an employee is unable to navigate their system (because they are new or not adequately trained) so they cannot provide me information I require or are unwilling to, but I have never, ever had an agent be rude to me even in the slightest - for which I give the CRA top marks because within the CRA everyone knows the call centre is like a prison because the agents are handcuffed to the phones and have no opportunities to wander from their desks as say, collections or audit staff would. Advancement opportunities are also quite limited, but the training these guys get is top-notch and I have personally hired staff from the call centres for private sector work because of their knowledge and they customer service skills. 
 Mr. Gallant was quoted as saying that; "I felt the need to express myself, and despite the fact that I could've lost my job for it, I still wanted to ensure that I got my art out there and I made it available to people." 
 The  Minister of National Revenue ,  Gail Shea , however failed to see the humour in the situation. "The minister considers this type of conduct offensive and completely unacceptable," a statement released from her office. The CRA will now proceed with the common practice of conducting a full investigation into the access of Mr. Gallant to ensure no confidential information was compromised, and no illegal activities took place while Mr. Gallant was employed there. 
 While I personally witnessed much more severe acts which should have resulted in termination, the CRA does not like to get embarrassed, and that is probably what they feel this was. Unfortunately, unless the game clearly identifies Mr. Gallant and his position at the CRA, then this is another circumstance of someone from within the CRA outing an employee and getting them punished which happens a lot in bureaucracies, especially in the CRA which I can attest to. 
 If anyone has seen the game or played it, I would love for them to comment with their feedback in order to add additional facts to my post, or email me at  realurbandaddy@gmail.com  with your thoughts and I can keep them anonymous and add the facts at the bottom of this post. 
 Related articles 
 
 Revenue Canada worker's video game draws criticism  (cbc.ca) 
 Download Code: The game David S. Gallant got fired over is a perfect example of games as art  (business.financialpost.com) 
 He Made An Honest Game About His Work, And It Cost Him His Job  (kotaku.com) 
 Guy makes a game about his crappy job working for Canadian tax authority, loses his crappy job  (boingboing.net) 
 Revenue Canada employee fired over video game  (o.canada.com) 
 Customer service rep fired for writing game that mocks callers  (go.theregister.com) 
 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: Warren Orlans 
 Welcome to inTAXicating. inTAXicating has been published since 2008 to provide clarity around Canadian taxation issues, primarily related to the Canada Revenue Agency. As the primary author, Warren Orlans, has over 20-year's experience in the taxation industry, 11 of them working for the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), and 7-years working in the private sector Managing the tax departments for large financial institutions. If you have a collections, compliance or audit issue with the CRA, inTAXicating is the place you need to contact. inTAXicating works in strategic partnership with amazing accountants, tax lawyers, insolvency practitioners, mortgage brokers, debt counselling experts and much more. If you have a tax question, email it to info@intaxicating.ca or to intaxicatingtaxservices@gmail.com.   View all posts by Warren Orlans  
 Author   Warren Orlans Posted on  February 5, 2013February 5, 2013 Categories  Canada Revenue Agency Tags  Call Centre ,  canada revenue agency ,  CRA ,  Employment ,  Gail Shea ,  Gallant ,  How to get fired from the CRA ,  Minister of National Revenue ,  Minister of National Revenue (Canada) ,  Termination ,  Toronto West ,  Video game 
 3 thoughts on "Interesting: CRA Employee Fired over Video Game About His Job" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Beware of Fraudulent Communications! The CRA Does NOT Randomly Request Personal Information. | In-tax-icating 
 
 
 Pingback:  What keeps me busy during the day… | In-tax-icating 
 
 
 Pingback:  Learn How to Lodge a Service-Related Complaint with the CRA | In-tax-icating 
 
 
 Would Love to Hear Your Thoughts  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Tax Freedom Day - For Canadian Corporations is Today, January 30th. 
 Next Next post: Next Post 
 What is inTAXicating? 
 inTAXicating is the name chosen in 2008 by Warren Orlans, a Canadian Tax Consultant and former Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) Employee of the Year who worked in the CRA for almost 11-years in their Collections Department. 
 inTAXicating provides expertise in the area of Tax Liability Solutions and assists Canadians to understand how the CRA operates. 
 inTAXicating helps Canadians from coast-to-coast with; Collections, Enforcement, Compliance, Non-Compliance, Audits, Liens, Back-Filing, Assessments, Director's Liability, s160 assessments, Taxpayer Relief, T2, T4, Payroll, and so much more. 
 inTAXicating offers a free consultation and after one paid meeting, clients are provided with a solution for their tax issue(s). From there, if you need more assistance, it is available, or you can now handle it yourself. 
 To get started, send an email to info@intaxicating.ca or to intaxicatingtaxservices@gmail.com. 
 inTAXicating is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, but due to the nature of taxation in Canada most meetings are conducted via Skype or over the phone. Payment can be make via e-transfer. 
 We are Experienced, Honest and On Your Side. 
 Business Hours & Contact Information 
 Toronto-based and Canada-Wide 
 Email: info@intaxicating.ca or intaxicatingtaxservices@gmail.com. 
 Hours: 
Monday to Friday 
8:30am-5pm EST. 
 Available whenever needed. 
 Blog Stats 
 
 474,837 hits 
 
 Looking For Something? 
 Search for: Search 
 Need to Translate? Click here for Google Translate 
 Social 
 
 View inTAXicating's profile on Facebook 
 View @inTAXicating's profile on Twitter 
 View WarrenOrlans's profile on LinkedIn 
 View inTAXicating's profile on YouTube 
 
 inTAXicating Facebook Page 
 
 inTAXicating Facebook Page 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,027 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow on WordPress.com 
 Recent inTAXicating Posts 
 
 You nailed it.   twitter.com/MooreintheAM/s…   1 month ago 
 Wait... Wasn't it current Liberal Leader, DelDuca, who built a swimming pool on greenbelt land, knowing it was ille…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 month ago 
 RT @ TorontoStar : In the middle of a pandemic, sports cards have become a coveted item in the secondary market. A childhood hobby of many fa…  2 months ago 
 Absolutely make sure your address is up to date so they can send you a cheque. Government cheques never stale dated…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 So, if, at 19-years-old, someone is elected to parliament, they'll qualify for a pension at 25-years-old. Crazy, ri…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 Well, since you asked... I got my pension at 31, when I resigned from the CRA. I rolled it into my RRSP. If I staye…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 You too could get into politics and have your own "fully-funded platinum government pension." Don't hate on him bec…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 I believe he actually voted against handing the Liberals a period of 2-4 years of unlimited spending and taxation (…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 
 Follow @inTAXicating 
 
 
 
 February 2013 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jan   Mar » 
 Canadian Tax Blogs 
 
 Denton's Canadian Tax Litigation 
 H&R Block Canada – Media Centre - Tax 
 Jamie Golombek 
 Money Sense Taxation 
 Thorsteinssons Tax Blog 
 
 FATCA 
 
 American citizens Abroad 
 IRS vs. Expats 
 Isaac Brock Society 
 Maple Sandbox 
 
 Government Tax Authority 
 
 Canada Revenue Agency 
 Department of Finance 
 IRS 
 IRS Newsroom 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SEDAR 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 Managing 
 
 Report On Business Managing 
 
 Organization 
 
 Canadian Tax Foundation 
 IIAC 
 Securities Transfer Association 
 STAC - Securities Transfer Association of Canada 
 
 Podcasts 
 
 PWC Tax Podcasts 
 
 tax 
 
 KPMG Tax 
 Mondaq 
 PWC Canadian Tax News 
 
 US Tax Blogs 
 
 IRS Hitman 
 Mauled Again 
 Our Taxing Times 
 Tax Mama 
 The Wandering Tax Pro 
 
    Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
