Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Faculty Appointment – School of Nursing: Indigenous Health 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The School of Nursing, Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University is accepting applications for a full-time tenure-track position. Rank and anticipated appointment date will be determined at the time of hire. 
 One of three professional schools within McMaster’s Faculty of Health Sciences, the School of Nursing offers undergraduate and graduate programs. As a member of a larger Faculty, the School of Nursing offers opportunities for interprofessional education and research. For almost 75 years, McMaster’s School of Nursing has delivered nursing education programs that have produced generations of professional nurses who are critical thinkers and contribute to nursing practice, research, education, policy, and administration The School of Nursing is one of Canada's most research-intensive schools of nursing. Our world-class researchers collaborate with universities and agencies from around the world. In the School of Nursing innovation runs deep. Our faculty is exceptional and renowned for excellence in innovative, evidence-based professional education. We are leaders in problem-based learning. 
 McMaster’s School of Nursing ranked in the top 2 nursing schools in Canada and the top 20 nursing schools in the world by QS World University Rankings. 
 Within a culture of optimism and respect, we continue to transform the future of nursing practice and lead with local and global communities through visionary inclusive education and high-impact research. The School of Nursing is committed to and is a leading partner in the McMaster University Faculty of Health Sciences (FHS) Indigenous Health Initiative. We are working collaboratively with University leaders to drive advocacy for Equity Diversity and Inclusion priorities and promote inclusive excellence. In keeping with the FHS Indigenous Health Initiative, the School of Nursing aspires to support the recruitment of Indigenous faculty. 
 The successful candidate will be a nurse researcher with expertise that integrates Indigenous Health into one or more of the following areas: paediatrics, mental health /illness, health system integration and innovation, illness prevention & management and health equity & disparity. 
 The successful candidate will possess an in-depth understanding of the pluralities of Indigenous-centric values and world views with respect to health and well-being as well as ways of knowing or epistemologies. The successful applicant will facilitate collaboration with multiple stakeholders including the McMaster Indigenous scholarly community, our Indigenous community collaborators and other non-Indigenous health stakeholders and demonstrate capacity to incorporate Indigenous perspectives into research goals and practice. Fluency in an Indigenous language will be considered a definite asset. 
 The Successful candidate will contribute by: 
Providing students with exceptional learning opportunities in undergraduate and graduate education programs, including graduate student supervision 
Pursue a rigorous program of research and demonstrate success in peer-reviewed grant applications. 
Engage in corporate citizenship through contributions within the School of Nursing and the community. 
 Eligibility: 
Eligible candidates must be registered in good standing (or be eligible) for registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario. Evidence of a program of research (or developing), publications, and experience teaching Indigenous health to undergraduate/graduate students is preferred. 
 In the spirit of equity and Indigenous focused capacity building, the SON encourages early career applicants and endeavors to mentor and support candidates as they transition from doctoral studies. Applicants must have successfully completed a PhD program in Nursing or a relevant health related discipline or be in-progress in a PhD program in Nursing or a relevant health related discipline with near completion of PhD at time of hire. 
 To fulfill McMaster’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusivity and pursuant to Section 24 of the Ontario Human Rights Code (the Code), this position is restricted to applicants who identify as a member of an Indigenous community (First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples). Candidates from this designated group are invited to self-identify in their cover letter, in a transparent manner, as part of the application process. 
 Faculty members at McMaster University enjoy numerous personal and professional benefits. University employees are offered an excellent benefits package that includes, but is not limited to, extended health care benefits, dental care, group life, long term disability, worldwide travel assistance, and a retirement plan. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members who become parents or are needed to care for family members. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 Review of complete applications will continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 Applicants are invited to apply online by submitting: 
A cover letter which includes self-identification as an Indigenous person and identification of areas of interest and expertise in teaching and research 
Curriculum Vitae 
Statement of teaching and/or research 
Names and contact information of three referees at least one of which should be an Indigenous leader 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
