Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Controller, Operations 
 Tilray 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Assistant Controller, Operations - Toronto, ON 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the VP Finance, the Assistant Controller Operations will be a key leader for the accounting operations of our rapidly growing Canadian operations. Responsibilities include preparing and developing financial reports, developing and tracking KPIs, assisting in month end close process, capex tracking, budgeting and forecasting updates. In addition to assisting in the accounting operations, this role will be responsible for providing operational finance expertise and support the development of a high performing accounting team. The Assistant Controller will play an integral role for process improvement, system implementations and optimizations, and standardizing internal control processes. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Maintain an in-depth and up to date knowledge and understanding of both US GAAP and international accounting standards 
Direct the monthly close process, including review of journal entries, balance sheet account reconciliations and analytical review procedures in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Canadian operations 
Generate financial statements, financial position and management reports and other documents 
Perform overall financial statement analytical reviews, variance analysis and review all subjective accounts 
Assist the VP Finance in managing the external auditors and supporting monthly, quarterly and annual financial reports 
Managing the budget to actual review process with each Canadian operation 
Assist with process improvement and automation across all areas of Accounting/Finance 
Review financial data on a monthly basis and consult with VP of Finance about problems or discrepancies 
And other duties as assigned by the VP Finance 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements 
BA in Accounting or Finance with CPA, CA designation required 
Minimum 6 years combined work experience within a public accounting firm and finance operations 
Strong knowledge of US GAAP required 
Experience with sophisticated ERP systems required 
Self-motivated and detailed oriented individual who will drive process improvements 
Effective written and verbal communication skills as well as presentation skills 
Highly flexible, with solid interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse working environment 
Able to work independently and as part of a team coupled with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities 
Excellent time management and organizational skills and the ability to manage conflicting priorities within structured deadlines and deliverables 
Must have ability to travel as needed 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
