Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Project Officer 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Office of LifeLong Learning 
Competition No. - A104642898 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Physician Learning Program (PLP) is housed in the Office of Lifelong Learning, which supports the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry’s (FoMD) mission to enhance the knowledge and skills of community practitioners in quality improvement initiatives. PLP's mandate is to support physicians and teams in advancing practice by addressing learning needs, providing information, practice data, feedback reports, and delivering knowledge transfer activities. Our department is passionate about supporting professional development and offers a positive and collegial culture, founded on strongly held values of integrity, respectful collaboration, delivering on the Quadruple Aim, and striving for excellence in improvement science, evidence based clinical practice, and data analytics. We are looking for a Senior Project Offer that cares about patient care for the betterment of healthcare within Alberta. 
 As the lead of our data analysis and human centered design group, you’ll oversee projects that align with the Program’s mission and vision, and support our strategic framework. A key responsibility will be liaising with physicians to help understand the clinical problem or gap that their proposed project will examine, and figuring out how and if their question can be answered with available data within the Physician Learning Program access points. As part of our senior management, you’ll participate in strategic and operational planning, and will lead a team of four, providing guidance on methods and data analysis, monitoring metrics, and promoting the spread and scale of our projects by disseminating information to our key stakeholders through a variety of channels. If you are enthusiastic about helping us inspire and enable a learning health care system, then we’d like to hear from you. 
 Responsibilities 
 Supervises a team of four, including 2 Project Coordinators and 2 Human Centered Designers 
Liaises with academic physicians to understand the proposed project and the clinical gap it addresses, frame the project scope, and provide guidance on whether and how the administrative health data can be analyzed to complete the project and improve physician practice. 
Supports the data analysis group in fulfilling the terms of the PLP agreement, such as completing the specified number of deliverables/outputs, and satisfying specified performance targets. This involves close monitoring of projects with data analysis and human centered design elements; proactively identifying potential risks and taking appropriate corrective action. 
Identifies needs and establishes goals in project management and data analysis projects, in collaboration with the medical leadership structure of PLP. 
Participates in human resource management for the data analysis and human centered design group, which includes ,but is not limited to: developing job descriptions, screening and hiring personnel, recruitment, training, and performance management. 
Participates in planning, evaluation, and execution of knowledge transfer and implementation science strategies related to departmental projects. 
Oversees or provides guidance on PLP projects, through planning, execution, and closing stages. 
Assists in obtaining, preparing, writing, and compiling documents and other materials for physicians and educators for reporting, committees, and ethics applications. 
Communicates and collaborates with the Associate Dean and the Managing Director to support operational excellence. 
Participates in department quality improvement and implementation science projects to develop health communications and transform them into actionable information for healthcare providers, care teams, and patients. 
Contributes to development and dissemination of academic output for quality improvement and/or implementation science projects through peer-reviewed publications, lectures, conferences, either individually or part of a project team. 
Coordinates and contributes to writing grant and ethics applications, reports and manuscripts. 
 Qualifications 
 PhD in a health related discipline, or in a social science or science discipline combined with strong experience in quantitative data analysis; Post Doctoral Training or comparable industry experience preferred. 
Three or more years experience working in a relevant role, preferably in the post-secondary environment. 
Minimum of 2 years of experience managing a team with a positive culture while working on multiple initiatives; Demonstrated experience in motivating and collaborating with others 
Demonstrated skills and experience in quantitative data analysis, and use of data analysis applications such as SPSS, SAS, Stata) is required. Experience with R or Python is a strong asset 
Demonstrated skill in data visualization, interpretation, and presentation of data and reports (i.e. Excel, PowerPoint, Tableau) is strongly preferred; 
Strong and confident communication skills (listening and verbal) with ability to comprehend and translate administrative health data to multiple audiences 
Strong interpersonal, organizational, analytical, critical thinking, and relationship management skills. 
Demonstrated initiative, resourcefulness, problem-solving abilities and results achievement. 
Excellent facilitation, collaboration, and conflict management skills 
Demonstrated familiarity or experience working with administrative data and datasets in the Canadian health care environment is an asset 
Able to liaise effectively with physicians and their teams 
Experience with qualitative data analysis (i.e., NVivo) is an asset 
Understanding of audit and feedback and other techniques for implementation science in health care, is an asset. 
Knowledge and experience in Implementation Science, Knowledge Translation and Quality Improvement is preferred. 
Knowledge of healthcare industry and terminology is an asset. 
Advanced skills in problem-solving and critical analysis 
Experience planning and writing grant applications, journal articles, and conference presentations 
Competent and efficient; able to take initiative and work in a team environment. 
Able to build and maintain high quality relationships with external and internal networks and partners, including collaborators, funding agencies, etc. 
 The position will remain open until filled. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only shortlisted applicants will be contacted. 
 In accordance with the Trust/Research Academic Staff Agreement, this position has a term length of 12 months, with the possibility of extension, and offers a comprehensive benefits package found at Faculty & Staff Benefits and an annual salary range of $74,084 - $101,888. Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
