
 
 Contact Us 
 Home 
 Login 
 Quotes By Categories 
 Quotes by Tag 
 
 Connect with us 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Word Porn Quotes, Love Quotes, Life Quotes, Inspirational Quotes 
 Build A Career 
 
 Home 
 Quotes By Categories 
 Quotes by Tag 
 Contact 
 
 All Quotes 
 Build A Career 
 Published 
 4 years ago 
 on 
 February 27, 2017 
 By 
 Word Porn 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __
[ 
 
 
 __
](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#a699d5d3c4ccc3c5d29be4d3cfcac286e786e5c7d4c3c3d480c7cbd69de4e9e2ff9bef86c0c9d3c8c286d2cecfd586c7d4d2cfc5cac386cfc8d2c3d4c3d5d2cfc8c186c7c8c286d2cec9d3c1ced286c9c086d5cec7d4cfc8c186cfd286d1cfd2ce86dfc9d38886e5cec3c5cd86cfd286c9d3d29c86ced2d2d6d59c8989d1c9d4c2d5d6c9d4c888c5c9cb89929f91959389c4d3cfcac28bc78bc5c7d4c3c3d489) [ 
 
 
 __
](https://wordsporn.com/49735/build-a-career/#respond) 
 
 
 __Share 
 
 
 __Tweet 
 
 
 __
[ 
 
 
 __
](whatsapp://send?text=Build A Career https://wordsporn.com/49735/build-a-career/) [ 
 
 
 __
](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#dbe4a8aeb9b1beb8afe699aeb2b7bffb9afb98baa9bebea9fdbab6abe099949f82e692fbbdb4aeb5bffbafb3b2a8fbbaa9afb2b8b7befbb2b5afbea9bea8afb2b5bcfbbab5bffbafb3b4aebcb3affbb4bdfba8b3baa9b2b5bcfbb2affbacb2afb3fba2b4aef5fb98b3beb8b0fbb2affbb4aeafe1fbb3afafaba8e1f4f4acb4a9bfa8abb4a9b5f5b8b4b6f4efe2ece8eef4b9aeb2b7bff6baf6b8baa9bebea9f4) [ 
 
 
 __
](https://wordsporn.com/49735/build-a-career/#respond) 
 
 
 __ 
 In order to build a career and to be successful, one has to be determined. One has to be ambitious. I much prefer to drink coffee, listen to music and to paint when I feel like it… Maybe I was irresponsible. But part of the pleasure of being alive is that I didn't take everything as seriously as one should. - Saul Leiter 
 Related Topics: Ambitious Career Coffee Determined Famous People greetings Life Picture Quote Saul Leiter Saying Successful wishes 
 [ Up Next 
 Word Porn Quote 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/49738/word-porn-quote-911/) 
 [ Don't Miss 
 How Big It Is 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/49732/how-big-it-is/) 
 Continue Reading 
 You may like 
 [ 
 
 30 Most Memorable Anthony Bourdain Quotes About Life, Food and Travel 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/anthony-bourdain-quotes/) [ 
 
 40 Roses Quotes That’ll Change The Way You View Life 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/roses-quotes/) [ 
 
 35 Amazing Prince Quotes About Life and Creativity 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/prince-quotes/) [ 
 
 24 John Wesley Quotes You Need to Know 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/john-wesley-quotes/) [ 
 
 20 Growing Quotes That Can Transform Your Life 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/78560/20-growing-quotes-that-can-transform-your-life/) [ 
 
 20 Diversity Quotes That’ll Inspire Action 
 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/78545/20-diversity-quotes-thatll-inspire-action/) 
 Click to comment 
 Leave a Reply 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 __  Subscribe   __ 
 Notify of 
 new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments 
 All Quotes 
 Addiction Quotes - Break Addiction Sayings and Quotes 
 Published 
 1 year ago 
 on 
 January 3, 2020 
 By 
 Word Porn 
 Get recover from Addiction with the power of words… check out our list of addiction recovery quotes that provide inspiration and insight into the world of addiction. 
 
 Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism. 
 Carl Jung 
 
 
 
 What fascinates me about addiction and obsessive behavior is that people would choose an altered state of consciousness that's toxic and ostensibly destroys most aspects of your normal life, because for a brief moment you feel okay. 
 Moby 
 
 
 
 Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times. 
 Mark Twain 
 
 
 
 Addiction begins with the hope that something "out there" can instantly fill up the emptiness inside. 
 Jean Kilbourne 
 
 
 
 Addiction is just a way of trying to get at something else. Something bigger. Call it transcendence if you want, but it's like a rat in a maze. We all want the same thing. We all have this hole. The thing you want offers relief, but it's a trap. 
 Tess Callahan 
 
 
 
 At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain. 
 Frank Tallis 
 
 
 
 At every stage, addiction is driven by one of the most powerful, mysterious, and vital forces of human existence. What drives addiction is longing — a longing not just of brain, belly, or loins but finally of the heart. Cornelius 
 Platinga 
 
 
 
 The mentality and behavior of drug addicts and alcoholics is wholly irrational until you understand that they are completely powerless over their addiction and unless they have structured help, they have no hope. 
 Russell Brand 
 
 
 
 I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom. 
 Edgar Allan Poe 
 
 
 
 You know you're an alcoholic when you misplace things for like a decade. 
 Paul Williams 
 
 
 
 I admire addicts. In a world where everybody is waiting for some blind, random disaster, or some sudden disease, the addict has the comfort of knowing what will most likely wait for him down the road. He's taken some control over his ultimate fate, and his addiction keeps the cause of death from being a total surprise. 
 Chuck Palahniuk 
 
 
 
 Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. 
 P.J. O'Rourke 
 
 
 
 The initial journey towards sobriety is a delicate balance between insight into one's desire for escape and abstinence from one's addiction. 
 Debra L. Kaplan 
 
 
 
 In the 1960s, people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird, and people take Prozac to make it normal. 
 Anonymous 
 
 
 
 What is addiction, really? It is a sign, a signal, a symptom of distress. It is a language that tells us about a plight that must be understood. 
 Alice Miller 
 
 
 
 Addiction doesn't kill the addict. It kills the family, kids and people who tried to help! 
 Anonymous 
 
 
 
 If you know someone who tries to drown their sorrows, you might tell them sorrows know how to swim. 
 Ann Landers 
 
 
 
 The first thing in the human personality that dissolves in alcohol is dignity. 
 Anonymous 
 
 
 Continue Reading 
 All Quotes 
 48 truly unique Love Messages to send 2020 
 Published 
 1 year ago 
 on 
 December 28, 2019 
 By 
 Word Porn 
 There’s this sweet emotion deep within you that will keep you loving the person you value so much even after death. 
 2. “I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes…” 
 There’s a beauty in your partner’s eyes that you can only view. 
 3. “Favorite smile…” 
 Yes, honey. No matter how many smiles you see each day, the person you value most will always be your fave. 
 4. “Be loved in the right way…” 
 You have to show how much you value the person. 
 5. “My world flips when I see you…” 
 That’s how I beautifully feel whenever you look at the eyes of the person you love most. 
 6. “You live in my mind…” 
 You are valued not only in my heart but also in my mind. 
 7. “I miss you…” 
 It is indeed terrible to miss someone so you just wish to kiss him all day. 
 8. “You are my home…” 
 That feeling that you get when you are within your partner’s arms. 
 9. “Keep holding my hand…” 
 Sometimes, the person you love most gives you the strength for you to be able to move forward. 
 10. “You had brought me back to life…” 
 That person who sees the beauty in you — that you are special like a butterfly. 
 11. “Saying I love you is not just a habit…” 
 Finding the right person is the best thing that will ever happen to you. 
 12. “You give me a bunch of feelings.” 
 There’s a feeling that surely envelopes your heart when you are in love. 
 13. “I wish to wake up next to you…” 
 If you love someone, you’d always wish to be with that person — hugging, kissing — you love him so much! 
 14. “A soul mate is so hard to find…” 
 Each of us has our own soul mates that basically turns us on in different aspect. 
 15. “Twenty seconds of insane courage…” 
 Have the courage to do something, no matter how quick it is, because that will give you a reward afterwards. 
 16. “Loving sees all of your partner’s magic…” 
 Because the person you love isn’t ordinary. He/she has magic that you do not fail to see. 
 17. “I love the entire you…” 
 Love the person you value most, no matter what he/she was and what he/she is going to be. 
 18. “I fall in love over and over again…” 
 When you really love a person, you fall for him/her over and over again. 
 19. “I could walk in my garden of forever…” 
 A flower as a remembrance? You surely think about your partner all the time. 
 20. “You loved me when I could not even love myself.” 
 The person you love will accept you even during your ugliest day. 
 21. “My favorite place is inside your hug…” 
 Because that’s the safest place where your heart can stay. 
 22. “My soul and his are the same…” 
 23. “Can I borrow a kiss?” 
 French kiss? That’s more fun, indeed! 
 24. “I was lost but I think I found myself in you…” 
 There’s a feeling of being found in the arms of the person even if you found lost at the first part of the relationship. 
 25. “I love you because I love you…” 
 Love needs no reason and calculation because if you love him/her, 
 26. “Let your guards down… Love with no regrets…” 
 We feel comfortable about whatever we do with the person we love. 
 27. “You are my addiction…” 
 An addiction, a blessed feeling you get when you look at the person you love most. 
 28. “One of us is in the wrong place…” 
 Wishing to be with the person you love most, night and day… Sooner or later, it will be plausible as long as you keep the love ignited. 
 29. “If we wait until we’re ready…” 
 Sometimes, we get that feeling of uncertainty, so get a grip and make sure that you let the person you love feel valued at all times. 
 30. “I fell for you before I realized I did…” 
 Sometimes, we fall in love without even knowing that we actually already did. 
 31. “I want to sleep with you…” 
 That incomparable feeling wherein you just want to be with the person you love most. Tie the knot if you are both on the right age! 
 32. “Maybe I’m scared because you mean more to me that any other person…” 
 We feel scared to lose the person we love most — we just can’t afford that! 
 33. “Sometimes you meet a person and you just click…” 
 That feeling when you feel comfortable hanging out with a person. No pretensions at all! 
 34. “I am lucky to love you…” 
 Found the one you love? You are indeed lucky! 
 35. “How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard…” 
 It’s indeed so hard to let go of someone you deeply value. 
 36. “I wanna be the girl who makes your bad days better…” 
 Be that girl who’ll make his bad days better in every aspect. 
 37. “The truth? I like you…” 
 You love a person because of the littlest and grandest details of her/his personality. 
 38. “You are the first and last thing on my mind…” 
 Start and end the day thinking about the person who makes your days worth living. 
 39. “I didn’t plan on falling in love with you…” 
 Sometimes, we fall in love to a person without even knowing how it happened. 
 40. “I am who I am because of you…” 
 Every wish and dream comes true once we find the person who will make our days better. 
 41. “Compliment people…” 
 No one’s perfect, remember that. However, you have to always look at their strengths, not their weaknesses. 
 42. “Your voice gives me butterflies…” 
 That flying butterflies you feel inside your stomach whenever you are with your partner — heaven! 
 43. “I am addicted to you…” 
 Addiction is not just on something that we taste or hold. We also get addicted to a person’s with and talent. 
 44. “I promise you that if I say I love you, I mean it.” 
 Saying i love you should not just be because of a habit but because that’s what we truly feel. 
 45. “God gave you to me…” 
 Always be thankful to God. He truly knows what you need most — and that’s a wonderful partner! 
 46. “A perfect marriage…” 
 Never let go of your partner, even if there are hindrances. You must always fight for each other. 
 47. “Still staying…” 
 Never let go of the person you love in spite of his/her imperfections. 
 48. “Proving your love…” 
 You have to prove how much you love your partner — not just through words but also through actions… 
 To keep the fire burning, you have to be very creative in making your partner feel special and one way to do that is through sending unique love messages that will make him or her feel valued. These messages are not only ideal for young partners but even those who have been celebrating their golden anniversary. In fact, you must never get tired letting your partner know how immeasurable your love is on a daily basis. 
 Good Morning Quote hopes that you have found the right unique  love message  that can completely describe your feelings. Check out our collection of 
 Continue Reading 
 All Quotes 
 67 Best Inspirational Self Love Quotes 2020 that Boost Self-confidence 
 Published 
 1 year ago 
 on 
 December 28, 2019 
 By 
 Word Porn 
 
 2. It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else’s eyes. 
 
 
 3. Admire someone else’s beauty without questioning your own. 
 
 
 4. ‘Grow through what you go through’ Love Yourself Quotes Pouch. 
 
 
 5. Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the floor each morning the devil says, “Oh crap, she’s up!” 
 
 
 6. ‘Love yourself’ Self-love Quotes Tote Bag. 
 
 
 7. Some things take time. 
 
 
 8. I think everybody’s weird. We should all celebrate our individuality and not be embarrassed or ashamed of it. 
 
 
 9. Loving yourself isn’t vanity. It is sanity. 
 
 
 10. ‘Loving myself’ Self-love Quotes Beach Towel. 
 
 
 11. My imperfections make me beautiful. 
 
 
 12. ‘Inhale confidence, exhale doubt’ Love Yourself Quotes Canvas Unisex 3/4 Raglan. 
 
 
 13. No regrets in life. Just lessons learned. 
 
 
 14. Who looks outside dreams; who looks inside, awakes. 
 
 
 15. Girrrl!! You are inspiring and beautiful. 
 
 
 16. Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break. 
 
 
 17. You are free to fail – A letter to me. 
 
 
 18. To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance. 
 
 
 19. Inhale confidence. Exhale doubt. 
 
 
 20. ‘Inhale confidence, exhale doubt’ Love Yourself Quotes Next Level Racerback Tank. 
 
 
 21. I will be the best that I can be. 
 
 
 22. Love Yourself Quotes Pouch. 
 
 
 23. Our first and last love is self-love. 
 
 
 24. Self-pity gets you nowhere. 
 
 
 25. You are amazing. You are brave. You are strong. 
 
 Read Your Daily Self Love Bible Quotes 
 Reading a daily dose of self-love bible quotes will help you think of good things will happen for you today. It is necessary for anyone to have a peace of mind every morning. So, why not read these self-love bible quotes to help you get through your days and think “there is always light at the end of the tunnel”. 
 
 26. God has not given us a spirit of fear but of power and love and of s sound mind. 2 Timothy 1:7 
 
 
 27. When you recover or discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough about yourself to make room for it in your life. 
 
 
 28. I will WALK BY FAITH even when I can not see. 2 Corinthians 5:7 
 
 
 29. “This is my COMMAND – be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord, your God, is with you wherever you go.” 
 
 
 30. “Be STRONG and COURAGEOUS. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you; He will never leave you nor forsake you. -Deuteronomy 31:6 
 
 
 31. You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your HEART. – Jeremiah 29:13 
 
 
 32. Let all that you do be done with love. -1 Corinthians 
 
 
 33. Dear Lord, When feelings of inferiority, insecurity, and self-doubt creep into my heart, help me to see myself the way you do. 
 
 Remember Your Beauty by these Empowering Self Love Quotes 
 You might think you are not beautiful but we are here to remind you otherwise. No one is ugly in this world. It’s just that you are different from the mainstream people. It is always good to be different. Remember, everyone is different from other people, you cannot be like someone completely without losing yourself. It is better to be different than to lose yourself while trying to be cool or popular. 
 
 34. You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. – Marcus Aurelius 
 
 
 35. A healthy self-love means we have no compulsion to justify to ourselves or others why we do things. 
 
 
 36. Let your inner voice speak louder than the opinions of others. 
 
 
 37. No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. 
 
 
 38. Be your own crazy, weird, wonderful self. 
 
 
 39. Act as if what you do makes a difference. 
 
 
 40. I am loved, I shine bright. 
 
 
 41. It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
 
 
 42. I believe in myself. I deserve to accomplish my goals. 
 
 
 43. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. 
 
 
 44. Exist to be happy, not to impress. 
 
 
 45. A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval. 
 
 
 46. Be full of self-worth. 
 
 
 47. Self-care is never a selfish act; it is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have. 
 
 
 48. Self-love school. Lessons for cultivating your most important relationship. 
 
 
 49. Wanna know what the new relation ship goal is? Self-love is the new relationship goals. 
 
 
 50. She made a promise to herself to hold her own well-being sacred. 
 
 
 51. If only you could sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet. 
 
 
 52. The relationship with yourself sets the tone for every other relationship you have. 
 
 
 53. It ain’t what they call you, it’s what you answer to. 
 
 
 54. Love yourself so much that when someone treats you wrong, you recognize it. 
 
 
 55. When I loved myself enough, I began leaving whatever wasn’t healthy. 
 
 
 56. Stop underestimating yourself. 
 
 
 57. ‘Love yourself first’ Self-love Quotes White Mug. 
 
 
 58. The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self. 
 
 
 59. ‘Love your curves’ Love Yourself Quotes One-Piece Swimsuit. 
 
 
 60. To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our success. 
 
 
 61. ‘Keep Going’ Inspirational Love Yourself Quotes Towel. 
 
 
 62. Our self-respect tracks our choices every time we act in harmony. 
 
 
 63. Don’t rely on someone else for your happiness and self-worth. 
 
 Feel Like a Prince and Princess with these Disney Self Love Quotes 
 Do not doubt your self-worth and stop questioning your purpose in living in this world we call Earth. Nothing beats the Disney movies when you are looking for self love quotes. The main purpose of these Disney films is to show the importance of oneself, that there are happy-ever-afters and the importance of love. From Pocahontas to Cinderella to Toy Story, every movie made and produced by Disney is made to make anyone remember to love themselves. 
 
 64. The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you UNIQUE. – Walt Disney 
 
 
 65. In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun, and -SNAP- the job’s a game! – Mary Poppins 
 
 
 66. All you need is FAITH, TRUST and a little PIXIE DUST. – Peter Pan 
 
 
 67. I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. – Douglas Adams 
 
 It is never easy to pull yourself up when you are down. You might need your family and friends to do so. Being alone can help you sometimes but most of the time, you will need someone to listen to your doubts and fears. There is a saying, “no mans an island”. You might think that you can do it by yourself, but it is never wrong to ask your friends to listen to you when your family cannot. 
 Asking other people’s help is not a sign of weakness. It is a sign that you are strong. Because admitting you need help takes courage and a lot of guts. 
 Do not forget to love yourself. Others might try to pull you down but you have to be strong to be able to move forward and live your future with a smile on your face. 
 Continue Reading 
 Trending 
 [ 
 
 All Quotes4 years ago 
 
 I’m A Feminist 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/25164/im-a-feminist/) [ 
 
 All Quotes4 years ago 
 
 Valentine’s Day Quote 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/7878/valentines-day-quote/) [ 
 
 All Quotes3 years ago 
 
 Word Porn Quote 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/63984/word-porn-quote-2177/) [ 
 
 All Quotes3 years ago 
 
 Word Porn Quote 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/78416/word-porn-quote-4345/) [ 
 
 Relationship Rules3 years ago 
 
 Relationship Rules 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/78936/relationship-rules-7975/) [ 
 
 All Quotes4 years ago 
 
 Ways To Create A Better Life 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/43306/ways-to-create-a-better-life/) [ 
 
 All Quotes4 years ago 
 
 Being Strong 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/17449/being-strong-2/) [ 
 
 Relationship Rules4 years ago 
 
 Relationship Rules 
 ](https://wordsporn.com/32067/relationship-rules-1860/) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 All Quotes 
 
 
 Word Porn 
 
 
 Heartbreak Quotes 
 
 Lies Quotes 
 
 
 
 Motivational Quotes 
 
 
 Life Quotes 
 
 
 Love Quotes 
 
 
 All of the Quotes can be used free of charge with links back to https://wordsporn.com. This includes all the images and the content information available on Words Porn website. Copyright © 2012 - 2020 
 __ 
 wpDiscuz 
