Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 Dr. Jennifer A. Holland 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Research 
 
 Open Search 
 Category: Training and Career Development 
 News: Tenure at Erasmus University Rotterdam 
   
 On 1 January 2019, my position in the Department of Public Administration and Sociology at Erasmus University Rotterdam (NL) was made permanent. My new tenured position is Assistant Professor of Social Science Research Methods, reflecting my contributions to the Department's methodological training for Sociologists, Public Administrators and student in the interdisciplinary program in the Management...  Continue Reading -> 
  __January 1, 2019 
 News: Assistant Professor Sociology of Work, Erasmus University Rotterdam 
   
 On 1 January 2017, I joined the faculty of the Department of Public Administration and Sociology at Erasmus University Rotterdam (NL) as an Assistant Professor of the Sociology of Work. During 2017-2018, I will be on leave from the University of Southampton, although I will continue as an affiliate of the ESRC Research Centre for Population...  Continue Reading -> 
  __January 1, 2017 
 News: New position as Director of MSc programmes in Social Statistics and Demography 
   
 On 1 August 2014, I was promoted to the role of Director of MSc programmes in Social Statistics and Demography at the University of Southampton (UK). I am very excited to serve my department and to more closely work with our Master's students as they embark on our 12-month MSc program! 
  __August 1, 2014 
 News: New Lectureship in Social Statistics & Demography, University of Southampton 
   
 On 1 March 2014, I joined the faculty of the Department of Social Statistics and Demography at the University of Southampton (UK) as an Assistant Professor (Lecturer). In addition to the Lectureship appointment, I will be a faculty affiliate of the ESRC Research Centre for Population Change (CPC) and the Southampton Statistical Sciences Research Institute (S3RI)....  Continue Reading -> 
  __March 12, 2014 
 Career Mentoring Breakfast at EPC 2012 
 The European Association of Population Studies (who, along with the local organizing committee, put on the bi-annual European Population Conference) are very committed to cultivating the next generation of Population Scientists. To this end, a Career Mentoring Event is organized at each EPC. This year I had the pleasure of organizing the event, which took place...  Continue Reading -> 
  __July 1, 2012 
 Categories 
 Conferences   News   Publications   Training and Career Development   Works In Progress 
 @WiscJennyAnn 
 My Tweets 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Up ↑ 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
