Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Google Media Buyer 
 Clearoute Inc 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job title: Google Media Buyer 
 Job Type: Contract, Full-Time 
 Location: Markham, ON 
 
 Job Description: 
 
 We are looking for a full-time Google Ads media buyer with a “growth hacker” mentality who is obsessed with conversions. We are not looking for someone to do brand awareness ads. Our agency focuses on bringing in actual results. Whether that’s sales, donations, or leads. 
 You should be someone who: 
 
 Has actual proven experience working with Google Ads budgets of at least $10k/mo. You must be the person who manages the actual deployment and optimization of the Google ad campaigns. 
 Has proven experience in Google Search, Google Display, and Youtube ad campaigns. 
 Knows how to effectively target various placements (mobile apps, youtube channels, topics, etc) 
 Knows fully how to re-market and leverage Google Analytics 
 Understands full-funnel marketing and campaign optimization 
 Can launch, monitor, and adjust campaigns to get results (this means proactively coming up with new ideas that will improve results and conversions) 
 Knows how to A/B test ads and audiences to scale quickly 
 Knows the ins and outs of Google ad manager and leverages audiences, sets up custom audiences, making sure events are firing correctly etc...) 
 Is able to effectively communicate data-driven decisions to clients on a weekly and monthly basis 
 Is hungry for conversions 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Bachelors Degree in Business or related field or equivalent real-world experience 
 3+ years of experience in Google Ads media buying 
 Background in advertising, marketing, and strong digital marketing experience 
 -Extensive knowledge of all things back end web 
 Be able to place tags, track analytics, and run Facebook reports 
 Display an intimate and comprehensive knowledge of the most recent news and trends in Google’s platforms and solutions 
 Be a team player 
 
 About Clearoute Inc: 
 We’re not your typical agency. For 25 years, Clearoute has established itself as a growth partner. We strive to help others thrive. Clearoute is a next-generation professional services company that offers pay to play programs and performance-based programs and services across various verticals. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 YES_OCCASIONALLY 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
