 BoxLunch Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Key Holder 
 Concord, CA - Part-Time 
 Description 
 We’re looking for pop culture fanatics to help create the best experience for our customers. As a BoxLunch Key Holder, you’ll be a huge part of our success by supporting the store leadership team in providing the best customer experience, ensuring that fellow fans are able to get their hands on the merch they love. You’ll use your fandom knowledge to help train new recruits and ensure their success, while also supporting your Store Manager in daily operations and meeting sales targets. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Provide an amazing shopping experience that will encourage customers to return. They’ll be impressed by your product knowledge, customer experience skills and use of the Force 
 Step in and step up when needed. You’ll provide leadership support and help run the store when your Manager gets pulled away 
 Understand store sales plan and comp sales goals, and help drive sales by increasing key KPIs: UPT and ADT 
 Cover the sales floor zone and ensure that assigned areas are up to visual standards. You’ll also help in the opening and closing of the store 
 Work the register; you’ll process sales transactions and use your fandom knowledge to drive add on sales. We’ll need you to also be able to close out the register and communicate and shortages or overages to your Store Manager 
 Assist with planogram changes including store map, wall, fixture, & merchandising mix 
 Let your voice be heard! You’ll communicate fashion & music trend information to management and respective HQ partners 
 While we welcome wizards, we don’t like it when spells are stolen. You’ll work with Store Management to ensure there’s no misuse of spells and wizardry around theft. 
 Support the maintenance of the mother ship; you’ll help keep the stock room organized and the store tidy. 
 Train and coach new Sales Associates as needed to help them quickly get acclimated to the team 
 Any other activities as assigned by your Store Leader 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 Previous experience working in a retail environment. If you love music and pop culture, you’re in the right place! 
 Superpowers in providing customer service and selling 
 A High School Diploma or GED equivalent 
 Avenger like collaboration and communication skills, as well as Captain America-like leadership 
 The usual retail stuff: able to stand and walk around during scheduled hours, reaching for merch using a ladder, step stool and pole. You'll also have to be able to move around boxes of awesome merchandise that may weigh up to 50 pounds 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from BoxLunch to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at BoxLunch. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out | BoxLunch Careers 
 
 
 Our Stores 
 
 
 Fun. Fandom-driven. Philanthropic. We opened our first store in 2015 with the mission to give back in a meaningful way and create sustainable good. We donate a meal to a person in need via Feeding America® for every $10 spent in our stores and online. To date we’ve helped provide over 30 million meals and we’re still going. Spending the day surrounded by the coolest pop culture-themed gifts, AND doing something good to our community at the same time? Talk about winning.. 
 
 
 Where the Beni's at? 
 
 
 We know about giving, and we extend that to our employees. Our benefits include Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Did we mention the employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement? Yeah, we do that too. 
 
 
 HQ = HIGH QUALITY (AND HEADQUARTERS) 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
 
 
 Open House 
 
 
 Come see what's inside the box - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Box Lunch Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ 
 Stores 
 
