Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Manager-Gold-Retail 
 Roots 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 114 - Trinity Common, 30 Great Lakes Dr., Brampton, Ontario, Canada Req #864 
Wednesday, March 6, 2019 
 WHY JOIN ROOTS? 
Roots is not only a brand, it’s a culture and lifestyle. We look for dynamic individuals who are not only interested in retail and fashion, but who enjoy challenges and share our vision for a safer, cleaner, healthier planet. 
 In addition to our customers, an intrinsic part of our success has always been the people who work here. Roots is a company in which you can grow and benefit from the great opportunities often available. All members of our team are encouraged to ‘spread their roots’. 
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR? 
 The Store Manager creates and maintains the Roots experience for our customers and employees. Reporting directly to the District Manager, the Store Manager oversees the daily operations of the store and drives the business and develops their people through a balanced leadership style. They are able to lead and create an overall positive customer and employee experience. 
 The Store Manager is an inspirational leader who motivates and educates their team to promote brand loyalty, and deliver high performance for effective functioning and profitability of the store. This also includes proper merchandising and maintaining excellent customer service standards by being a role model and demonstrating the utmost professionalism and integrity while creating a climate of trust and respect within the team. 
 To be successful, you’ll need to possess: 
3 + years related experience in a retail apparel environment, luxury retail experience is a plus; 
Be a leader that drives results, develops talent, and focuses on the customer; 
Strong business acumen, coupled with the ability to build strong and lasting relationships; 
Demonstrated sales achievements in a high volume store; 
Strong organization, and problem solving skills; 
Passion for upholding an exceptional customer experience; 
Experience with visual planning and merchandising; 
Collaborate with others, yet be self-motivated; 
Outstanding written, verbal, and presentation skills; 
Available for varied weekly shifts, including weekends, closing and holidays. 
 THE IMPACT YOU'LL HAVE 
 This is an opportunity to shape our company’s future by: 
Demonstrate a customer obsessed selling culture and build brand loyalty through excellent product knowledge; 
Provide ongoing selling skills coaching and development based on each staff member's individual strengths and weaknesses in order to achieve their personal sales goals; 
Proactively recruits and develops top talent for existing or potential positions ensuring the store structure meets the business needs; 
Conducts new associate onboarding and trainings; 
Coaches associates on customer service fundamentals and provides positive feedback; 
Establishes appropriate action plans to improve each individual's performance and productivity; 
Communicate to DM customer feedback and quality issues in order to improve customer service and sales; 
Resolves customer service matters, including escalated conflicts and make fair and honest decisions accordingly; 
Oversees and delegates tasks to team to best maximize efficiency of store operations; 
Ensure visual merchandising directives are implemented efficiently as per direction and visual standards are maintained at all times 
Perform and supervise store opening and closing procedures including counting register funds, completing bank deposits, opening and closing registers and securing facility 
Maintain payroll budget and weekly hours to ensure appropriate sales floor coverage by reviewing store schedule and adjusting as necessary to meet the needs of the business 
Supervise operational responsibilities to ensure the timely and accurate processing of all markdowns, transfers, damages, shipping and receiving in order to maintain the integrity of the inventory 
Ensure adherence to all company policies, procedures and guidelines; 
 SOUND LIKE YOU? APPLY NOW! 
 We’d like to thank everyone who applies, but we can only contact applicants who are most qualified. 
 Roots Corporation offers a culture that fosters inclusion and respect. We are committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the AODA. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process, applicants are asked to make their needs/requirements known. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Salary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
