  
 Open Menu 
 
 Solutions
 
 Analytics 
 Back-office Support 
 Business Continuity 
 Customer Care 
 Sales and Growth 
 Security 
 Technology 
 
 
 Industries
 
 Energy 
 Financial 
 Healthcare 
 Telecom and Media 
 Retail 
 Travel 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blogs 
 Articles 
 Collateral 
 E-Book 
 Infographic 
 Success Stories 
 Video 
 
 
 Company
 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Responsibility 
 
 
 Contact 
 Work at Home __ 
 
 Join the Woohoo Crew 
 Collaborate with an upbeat group of highly skilled professionals, in an enjoyable and challenging environment that encourages creativity, work ownership and fulfillment in personal contribution. We believe mutual respect and emotional intelligence play an essential role in developing a caring culture. Join our unique and thriving culture. 
  __Apply to work from home 
 More 
 Creating a Caring Culture 
 Company president and chief executive Kim Houlne is a student of different management styles, having experienced good and bad. 
 As an employee at several companies and later a consultant, she’s run the gamut. From competitive workplaces to detached management to leaders who do right by people—her preferred style. 
 From the start, Kim sought to establish “a high degree of emotional intelligence” in creating a caring culture at Working Solutions. 
 Showing Mutual Respect 
 Working Solutions has many employees, along with thousands of independent agents—including stay-at-home parents, seniors, military spouses and change-of-career professionals. Our diversity reflects the clients and customers we serve. 
 After 20 years in business, founder Kim Houlne believes: “If you show genuine interest for your team and community, immediately you find the level of respect for clients, their customers and other team members increases.” 
 CORPORATE JOBS 
 __ 
 " Even after 19 years in the industry, I still find our environment recharges my batteries and keeps it fresh and challenging.” 
 April, Vice President, Program Success  Employee since 2009 
 __ 
 “Working Solutions is an excellent place to work in. People here are warm, nice and caring, treated just like a big family. Looking forward to seeing this big family grow and get better. Let 's go, WSOL!” 
 Wei  Employee since 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 24 years of success, Working Solutions is a recognized leader in on-demand, onshore contact center outsourcing. 
 From across the U.S. and Canada, our workforce of sales, service and tech-support experts elevate customer care and improve business results. 
 
 Privacy 
 Careers 
 Responsibility 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working Solutions LLC 
 Contact 
