Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Secondary School English and Canadian & World Studies Teacher 
 Blyth Academy 
 __Whitby, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Blyth Academy is seeking dynamic educators to teach the Ontario Secondary School curriculum English and Canadian and World Studies at Blyth Academy Whitby. While the majority of our teachers have OCT certification, we welcome qualified educators from all sectors and professional backgrounds to apply. 
 About Blyth Academy: 
Blyth Academy is the largest private school by enrollment in Ontario, with campuses across the province. Blyth Academy offers students, grades 5-12, a comprehensive full-time program, as well as part-time, private, semi-private, night & weekend, summer school, and online courses. 
 Our primary focus is to enhance academic achievement to prepare all students for university and beyond. Here at Blyth Academy, we tailor the curriculum to the individual student, not the other way around. By taking into account each student’s learning style and extra-curricular responsibilities, we are able to customize a plan unique to the individual. 
 Blyth Academy follows the curriculum expectations set out by the Ontario Ministry of Education. From this academic base, we integrate student interests, experiential hands on learning activities within and beyond our walls, and an empathetic approach to teaching and learning. We have developed a strategy for incorporating literacy and numeracy across the curriculum in an effort to support the provincial mandate to improve student achievement in these essential skills. We incorporate research and evidence-based inquiry and decision making approaches in the classroom that will support students’ success in both of these critical areas. 
 About the Role: 
 Small classrooms with an average of 8 students:  enhanced student engagement & interactions; less administrative work (i.e. report cards, marking) 
 Academic calendar:  4 terms from September - June; 3 periods per day 
Educate students focused on academic success and with strong parental support 
Autonomy for your individual teaching structure and style 
Supportive colleagues and leadership 
Flexibility to teach within the various programs (part-time; private; night school; summer school; online) 
Boutique campuses each with a unique building, atmosphere & learning environment 
 Requirements 
 About you: 
Subject matter expertise and teaching experience 
Empathetic and dedicated to students’ learning, growth and development 
Commitment to engage, challenge and inspire young learners 
Able to effectively manage and foster a positive learning environment 
Openness to differentiated learning approaches 
Excellent verbal and written communication 
Flexibility, accountability and integrity 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit their application online. 
 Blyth Academy is an equal opportunity employer. Accommodations are available on request by candidates in all aspects of the hiring process. 
 All teachers/educators of Blyth Academy must be able to provide a satisfactory Vulnerable Sector Check. 
 For further information or assistance please contact:  careers@blytheducation.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
