Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-Time Behaviour Support Worker - Richmond 
 Hollyburn Family Services 
 __Richmond, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn, we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We want you with us! 
 You are a positive energetic role model who has a passion and skill for providing support, care and can act as a mentor in supporting the personal growth for our clients with special needs and autism spectrum disorders. You want to make a difference in the lives of people we support and play an integral role in supporting their successful achievements. 
 We are looking for a Full-Time Behaviour Support Worker at our Special Needs therapuetic program in Richmond. This is a home serving a youth with special needs and autism. This line is Saturday-Wednesday, 3pm-11pm shifts. 
 You must have: 
Post-secondary education in ECE, ABA, Psychology or related field and/or equivalent experience working with adults with autism or developmental disabilities 
Demonstrated experience working with adults with aggressive behaviours and mental health issues 
Clear and concise written and verbal communication 
A current Class 5 BC Drivers License and acceptable driving record. Click here to download your abstract from ICBC. 
Current First Aid and CPR certificate 
Current Non-Violent Crisis Intervention certification 
 You’ll score more points if you have: 
Experience in creating social stories, visuals aids, sensory integration, and report writing 
Experience coordinating recreational activities in the community 
Awareness of the Autism Spectrum 
Knowledge of supportive strategies, needs, and risk assessment 
Knowledge of therapeutic approaches 
Good understanding of crisis management 
 A (small) sample of what you’ll be doing (Full job description available here): 
 Maintaining a safe and healthy environment in the home 
Building positive working relationships with youth, family, and professionals involved in the care team 
Facilitating recreational and/or educational activities 
Attending school meetings and case conferences when required 
Encouraging and modeling acceptable social standards and setting and maintaining appropriate limits 
Collaborating with the clinical team and providing input into assessments and youth care plans 
Household maintenance duties and supporting clients with personal care as needed 
Engaging in frequent interaction with clients, using appropriate means of communication 
 Because we know our team is our heart and our most important asset: 
 We offer extensive training opportunities to all employees. We support professional development and advancement within our every growing organization. Our salaries are competitive and our benefits package for full-time employees includes 100% employer premium paid BC Medical, extended health, dental, vision care, life insurance, wellness days and sick leave. Employees pay their own Long Term Disability premiums. After a six-month probationary period, our employees become eligible for our Registered Retirement Savings Plan where Hollyburn matches contributions up to 3% of gross salary. 
 If you’re still reading this and are as excited to join us as we are excited that you read this whole posting, then do not delay! Send your resume telling us why you are the perfect person to join our team. Complete the application process below, telling us why you are the ideal candidate for this position by Friday, December 11 @ 4 pm. NB that once you click submit, you cannot come back to your application to add additional files. Please read the posting and gather all documents you will be submitting before you start the application below. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
