For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the   instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  
 Skip to main content 
 
 __Become a member 
 __Sign in 
 __Contact us 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Sectors 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 
 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 White papers 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Become a member  
 
 
 
 Home 
 Special reports 
 30 July 2015 
 Job losses from coal dwarf gains from wind 
 
 Job losses from coal dwarf gains from wind 
 __Save to read list Published by  Jonathan Rowland , Editor 
 World Coal , Thursday, 30 July 2015 14:30 
 
 Advertisement 
 Matthew Sabas. 
 As the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) threatens to shut down vast amounts of coal power plants, the federal government continues to shower renewable energy producers with billions of dollars in subsidies and tax incentives. Despite  claims  from the wind industry itself that is it now cost competitive, Senator Grassley (R–IA) recently sent a  letter  to Senator Hatch (R-UT), Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, urging him to extend the  Production Tax Credit  (PTC) – a multi-billion dollar subsidy for wind power – largely on the basis of alleged job creation. 
 We have discussed the  grid reliability  problems and  high costs  associated with shutting down reliable power plants and attempting to replace them with intermittent wind power, but we have not recently addressed arguments about jobs amid this dynamic. Senator Grassley wrote that the wind energy industry supports 6000 jobs in Iowa and 73 000 jobs nationally and claims that the PTC ‘s expiration would “pull the rug out from under domestic renewable energy producers”. This is simply inaccurate and perpetuates the myth that subsidising wind turbines, while shutting down existing power plants, will be a net-job creator. 
 The EPA’s regulation of CO2 emissions from power plants highlights the job-killing transition proposed by the administration. This carbon agenda, which the administration’s public relations team calls the “Clean Power Plan”, threatens to tear down the existing electricity generation infrastructure in the name of CO2 emissions. This carbon agenda will magnify the market-distorting subsidies from the PTC – contributing to an estimated peak of  one million job losses  – will drain hundreds of billions of dollars from American families through increased energy bills and will threaten the electric grid by rapidly switching from reliable to intermittent sources of electricity. Further, electricity from new wind energy sources is nearly  three times more expensive  than electricity from existing coal-fired plants. 
 Job losses from the Clean Power Plan 
 The Energy Information Administration (EIA)  estimates  that power plant regulations, set to be finalised this summer, will accelerate coal closures and cause wind installations to skyrocket compared to the base case. Wind capacity is projected to increase by 236% by 2040, while coal-fired capacity will be reduced by 31% over the same period. 
 Job losses caused by the EPA’s carbon agenda will be substantial. An  estimate  from the Heritage Foundation found a peak loss of 1 million jobs and an average annual loss of 300 000 jobs by 2030. The National Black Chamber of Commerce  estimates  that 1.4 million black and hispanic Americans are projected to lose their jobs due to the plan by 2035. Even if the wind energy industry tripled in size over the next two decades, these job losses will overwhelm any modest gains in the subsidised wind industry. 
 The EPA’s carbon agenda, combined with impacts from other EPA regulations, including the Mercury Air Toxic Standards and the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, are some of the most expensive regulations in the agency’s four-decade history. These environmental policies together threaten to retire  103 GW  of reliable coal power – enough to meet the entire peak electricity demand of  Brazil . The projected cost to ratepayers range from  US$366 billion  to  US$566 billion  by 2030. That’s money that could be put towards productive rather than destructive uses, which would help American families and create private-sector jobs. 
 Cost of the Production Tax Credit means net job losses 
 Wind power has grown over the last decade, fuellld by tax credits and other incentives. The PTC, the main federal subsidy for wind power, has been around since 1992. It currently provides wind facility owners with a subsidy of US$23/MWh for the first 10 yr of operation, so even if the subsidy expired at the end of the year, the industry is still scheduled to receive billions in benefits. Specifically, the PTC is projected to cost  over US$18 billion  over the next decade. 
 Other incentives have also boosted the wind industry at the expense of taxpayers. As one example, a temporary cash grant was offered in lieu of a tax credit for turbines constructed between 2009 and 2011. The  section 1603 grant programme  paid out over US13 billion for wind energy projects in five years, with wind projects claiming over 55% of the programme’s total expenditures but making up only about 1% of all projects. 
 Source: Joint Committee on Taxation, Department of Treasury 
 The economic drag of these programmes causes net harm to the economy and jobs. Despite arguments from wind lobbyists about the 73 000 jobs ‘created’ by pro-wind policies,  empirical evidence  suggests that those 73 000 jobs likely come at the expense of more than 160 000 jobs throughout the rest of the American economy. As we have  highlighted  before: 
 "The question isn’t whether the PTC ‘creates jobs’ – it’s whether it creates more jobs than it takes away from the rest of the economy. In Spain, for example, where the government pushed ‘green energy subsidies’ aggressively, 2.2 jobs were lost for every ‘green job’ that the subsidies supported.” 
 Focusing on visible jobs created by subsidies, while ignoring the other effects of the subsidies – namely, the economic hardship that falls on the rest of America as it’s forced to foot the bill – is simply bad policy. American taxpayers cannot afford for advocates of the PTC to get their way yet again. 
 Conclusion 
 The PTC and section 1603 grant cost over US$22 billion since 2009 and the PTC is projected to cost over US$18 billion throughout the next decade. These subsidies continue to penalise coal-fired plants, which are already being shut down in droves due to the EPA’s climate rule and several anti-coal rules that came before it. With job losses due to anti-coal regulations and costly wind subsidies projected to reach well over one million, wind advocates should drop the jobs rhetoric and focus on creating a product that no longer stakes its existence on a federal subsidy 
 Edited by Jonathan Rowland . About the author: Matthew Sabas is a Policy Associate at the  Institute for Energy Research . 
 Read the article online at: https://www.worldcoal.com/special-reports/30072015/job-losses-from-coal-closures-dwarf-gains-from-wind-industry-2654/ 
 You might also like 
 
 [WEBINAR] Essential rules of adopting AI in Mining and Metals 
 Join us for a webinar with OSIsoft to learn a simple definition of AI and the benefits of adopting it into your operations, the anatomy of a successful AI project and real-world examples and success stories.  Register for free today » 
   
  Buffalo Coal appoints Independent Non-Executive Director  
 Friday 22 January 2021 11:20 
 Buffalo Coal Corp. has confirmed the appointment of Rory Taylor as Independent Non-Executive Board member and Audit Committee Chairman. 
 
 __Embed 
 
 Embed article link:  (copy the HTML code below): 
 Job losses from coal dwarf gains from wind 
 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 ×Close 
 This content is available to members only. Please  sign in  or  become a member  for free. 
 
 Member benefits 
 
 __Access to locked online articles 
 __Save articles to your read list 
 __Downloadable white papers 
 __Full website membership 
 
 Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, no credit card required. 
 
 Already a member?  Sign in  here 
 News 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 Quick links 
 
 Home 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 White Papers 
 Directory 
 Become a member 
 Sign in 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 Our team 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Website cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dry Bulk 
 
 
 Energy Global 
 
 
 Global Mining Review 
 
 
 Hydrocarbon Engineering 
 
 
 LNG Industry 
 
 
 Oilfield Technology 
 
 
 Tanks and Terminals 
 
 
 World Cement 
 
 
 World Coal 
 
 
 World Fertilizer 
 
 
 World Pipelines 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Palladian Publications Ltd. All rights reserved | Tel: +44 (0)1252 718 999 | Email:  enquiries@worldcoal.com 
