  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Financial Management 
 
 Financial Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Financial agent ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/financial-management) 
 25 days ago 
 General Back office Accounting 
 Published: 25 days ago  Bids: 3 
 I need A Programmer In Oracle Database , The program for Back office System including POS ( point of Sales) with QR reading on Guest profiles , Build chart of account and cost center and vouchers type related to small and med business sectors 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. A. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Customer Operations Manager 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 192 Bids: 14 
 We are searching and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your career professionally. In this role, you are to assist the company with the recovery of outstanding payments and to satisfy customer needs through transparent communication. Your duties will include communicating with debtors via telephone and emails, negotiating payment settlements with debtors, listen to customer grievances, and peacefully resolve any concerns they may have. 
Additionally, notify customers about the service features that are exciting and relevant to their individual needs. 
 Responsibilities: 
 !. Take incoming calls from clients and listen to concerns, complaints, and questions carefully. 
 !.Identifying accounts with overdue payments and keeping records of the amount owed and the length of the delinquency. 
 !. Locating debtors and contacting them via phone or email to address their overdue payments and determine the reason for the outstanding debt. 
 !. Communicating with the sales and accounting department to maintain accurate and updated information on client accounts and payments. 
 !. Contacting customers to inform on delinquency, encourage on-time payments, and set up payment plans that can facilitate good credit. 
 !. Reviewing records for accuracy and handling disputes to make sure that account information is entered and maintained appropriately. 
 !. Contact clients about unpaid or overdue accounts, and attempt to collect or make the appropriate payment arrangements; update account information if a payment is made. 
 Job Requirements: 
 !. Strong communication and problem-solving skills 
 !. Ability to multitask and regularly respond to emails 
 !. 
High school diploma or equivalent 
 !. Conflict resolution and de-escalation skills 
 !. Comfortable sitting and speaking for long periods of time 
 !. 
Must be 16 years of age or older. 
 !. Must be proficient with basic PC skills. 
 !. Must have an internet connection. 
 !. Basic English written language. 
 !. Basic English spoken language. 
 !. Computer with internet access and respond to emails in a timely manner. 
 !. A quiet working area away from distractions and follow the company's instructions. 
 !. Must be able to work independently and get the job done. 
 !. Desire to learn skills to successfully work from home 
 Additional Information: 
 This is a Full-time/Part-time/Freelance/Remote position eligible for benefits, which include, but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, four weeks of vacation, sick leave, most federal holidays. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  W. G. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Topic: Can institutional investors blog about or post videos about ... 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 7 Bids: 2 
 Topic: Can institutional investors blog about or post videos about stocks that they are invested in. To check from regulations put out by the regulator SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. M. Kenya 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 months ago 
 Financial Management 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I will attach a text book in Financial Management, and six questions are required to be answered by such book. Some questions are also attached. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. Jordan 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 I need a person on long term basis to do finance projects 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 6 
 It is companys stock valuation based on beta valuation method and also statistically finding rate of interest....Similary evaluation of comparative performance of companies 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. S. Last reply: 4 months ago  Pakistan 
 USD 50 - 100 
 8 months ago 
 Indicator orderflow ninjatrader 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 0 
 I am looking for orderflow indicator for ninjatrader7. If you are a programmer you can help  me.Hi.  I am looking for orderflow indicator for ninjatrader7. 
If you are a programmer you can help me. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Italy 
 Open 
 Last year 
 Bookeeping 
 Published: Last year  Deadline: 16 Bids: 1 
 Bookeeping is to records all the transaction in part of all business includes payments, sales, reciept and purchases of any organization or corporation 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. J. B. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
