
 WorkPlace Diversity Network 
 The Source For Diversity Talent ™ 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Media Kit 
 __News Categories
 
 __Diversity Blog 
 __Education Blog 
 __LGBT Blog 
 __Hispanic/Latino Blog 
 __Disability Blog 
 __Veterans Blog 
 
 
 Diversity Job Boards 
 
 WorkplaceDiversity 
 Hispanic Diversity 
 Veterans Connect 
 Disability Connect 
 OutandEqual.com 
 All Diversity 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Contact Us 
 
 MENU CLOSE back 
 Do the Job Nobody Else Wants and You'll Never be Overlooked at Work 
 You are here: 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Do the Job Nobody Else Wants and You'll Never be Overlooked at Work 
 
 When you are asked to help, say yes.When you see what needs to be done, do it. You will be prized by everyone you work with. 
 Over the past five years, I’ve delivered talks to tens of thousands of professionals across the country. After each talk, whether at a corporation or a conference, I’m always asked the same question by the audience -- How do I stand out in my job and get noticed? 
 It’s a great question, and it’s coming from a good place. It means the person is hungry for career success, and they don’t want to be average, coast in their job or deliver work that’s just “good enough.” 
 My answer to the question, regardless of what stage someone is at in their career, is always the same -- Do the job that no one else wants to do. At first, the response is typically something like, “But if no one wants to do that job, why should  I  do it?” 
 Allow me explain. 
 Over the course of a career, especially early on, opportunities for you to stand out will pop up on a regular basis. But it’s easy to overlook these moments and be totally unaware of their potential because they seem so underwhelming at the time. Do any of these ring a bell? 
 
 A tough assignment became available, but instead of volunteering to work on it, you looked down at your notebook and said nothing because you were intimidated by how much work it would involve. 
 Your boss asked for volunteers to come in early to help set up for a meeting, but you wanted the extra 30 minutes of sleep instead. 
 Someone in another department -- a department you have your eye on for the future -- asked if you were interested in staying late to help their team finish an important project. It sounded good, but you had dinner plans and decided to pass. 
 A manager you respect (not yours, incidentally) desperately needed a work-related errand to be run during crunch-time for the company, but you told yourself that your job description didn’t say anything about running errands. 
 Your boss asks for people willing to train other employees on a piece of software that you happen to know well. You know someone else will raise their hand -- and finally, they do -- so you figure no harm done 
 
 Sure, none of the above examples sound particularly sexy. And it’s true that they may not be part of your description. So why say yes to any of them? The simple reason -- because nine out of 10 people won’t. 
 When requests like these are made, most employees will immediately lose eye contact with the person making the ask and demure. Your opportunity is to do the exact opposite. 
 Next time you encounter a request that no one else wants to take on, you can make eye contact with the person who made it and simply say, “I got it.” When an email comes in with a request, be the first to say yes. Even better, be proactive, knock on doors, and ask people if there’s anything you can help with. 
 The reason it’s critical to do the jobs no one else wants to do sometimes is because you: 
 
 Are seen as indispensable and committed to your work 
 Engender goodwill, and make people eager to help you in turn 
 Become the “go-to person” over time, especially when it really matters 
 
 These are powerful reasons that will go a long way as you increase your influence and build your brand over the course of your career. 
 Sure, everybody wants to land the fun project or play an important role. The way to get there is by being willing to get your hands dirty and do the less glamorous work sometimes. This is your opening. 
 Every day, you have an excellent opportunity to stand out from the crowd by saying “yes.” Start today. 
 By: Antonio Neves 
 Source:  entrepreneur.com 
 March 17, 2017 By Coordinator News 
 Why calculating your career earnings is key to creating savings Take a vacation without ruining your work life: 4 tips to enjoy stress-free time off 
 Related posts 
 
 How Much Money Does It Take to Be Happy? 
June 27, 2020 
 
 4 Reasons Why Open Concept Floor Plans Are Awesome 
June 24, 2020 
 
 10 Simple Signs You're in a Happy Work Environment 
June 23, 2020 
 Diversity Blog Feed: Latest 
 
 
 How Much Money Does It Take to Be Happy? 
June 27, 2020 
 
 
 4 Reasons Why Open Concept Floor Plans Are Awesome 
June 24, 2020 
 
 
 10 Simple Signs You're in a Happy Work Environment 
June 23, 2020 
 
 
 © Copyright 2014 WorkPlace Diversity Network | All Rights Reserved 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclaimers 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Privacy PolicyDisclaimersTerms of UseFooter 
