Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Free Career Coaching for unemployed in Ireland - hurry before all free places are gone! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 Another press release I read on  http://www.irishpressreleases.ie/  relevant for those who are in need to get career coaching to get back into the employment scene. The nice part:) it's free! 
 Unemployed should act quickly to avail of Free Career Coaching 
 Co. Cork, Ireland — 02 Nov. 2010 
 Career Decisions Ireland, an award-winning Irish-owned career coaching company, has today reminded jobseekers who wish to avail of free career coaching under a Government-backed scheme that they should enroll immediately as places are being snapped up with over 40% of the total places already taken. The company is providing 1,000 unemployed people throughout Ireland with a free professional Career Coaching Programme in several locations in a bid to help them explore their career options and improve their future job prospects. 
 Delivered under the Career2Fit™ initiative which is 100% funded by The Department of Education and Skills through its Labour Market Activation Fund, the Career Coaching will assist jobseekers who don’t know what to do but wish to improve their job prospects. 
 Billy Kelleher T.D., Minister for Trade & Commerce, who was present at the launch of Career Decision’s Career2Fit™ programme, said: ‘The Government is committed to making this initiative work in favour of the unemployed. This is a unique opportunity for jobseekers to explore their true potential and identify suitable career and training options. We encourage unemployed people nationwide to take advantage of this opportunity with Career Decisions Ireland and we are confident they will gain tremendous benefit from the Career Assessments and Coaching provided”. 
 Miriam Magner-Flynn, Managing Director Career Decisions which operates nationwide, stated: ‘We would strongly recommend this 100% funded programme to people who are unemployed and who are unclear as to the type of work that best suits them or are unsure about how to re-enter the jobs market or those people who wish to re-train. Enrolment has already begun and participants can find out more about this programme on www.careerdecisions.ie or by calling 061 400664 or find  Career2Fit on Facebook . This 3 day Career Assessment & Coaching Programme is particularly suited to (but not exclusive to) people previously employed in construction, retail and manufacturing. The programme will be delivered in multiple locations covering 15 counties throughout Ireland i.e. Cork, Limerick, Kerry, Waterford, Tipperary, Westmeath/Midlands, Donegal, Sligo, Kildare, Galway, Dublin, Kilkenny, Mayo, Cavan and Wicklow. 
 She further stated that participants will go through an award winning Career Assessment Programme and each person will be individually met by a Career Decisions Career Coach who will highlight career opportunities and training paths in growth sectors ensuring that jobseekers are fully aware of the best options for the future. ‘Participants will be shown how their skills can be transferred to different jobs/industries which will help them to reinvent themselves for the future and improve their job prospects. Career2Fit™ will provide people with career clarity and improved job prospects’ Ms Magner-Flynn said. 
 Ms. Magner-Flynn indicated that bookings to date are very strong with over 40% of the total places already taken on the Career2Fit™ Programme. ‘Each of the 15 counties has a limited number of places so for instance Cork has only 200 places and with over 26,000 people on the Live Register we expect that the places on the Career2Fit™ programme will be quickly snapped up. People interested in the programme need to act quickly and book their place to avoid disappointment’ she said. 
 Career Decisions will also deliver another Government-funded programme under The Labour Market Activation Fund – Level 7 Diploma in Career Coaching (CPD) awarded by Dublin Institute of Technology. Only 15 places remain out of the 100 funded places so interested candidates should visit www.careerdecisions.ie for more information. 
 For further information or to arrange an interview with Miriam Magner-Flynn please call: 
 Judy Hopkins 
 Hopkins Communications 
 021 4272200; 086 3120752 
 judy@hopkinscommunications.ie 
 NOTES FOR EDITORS 
 Career 2 Fit™ is targeted at unemployed people who: 
 • Are in receipt of Jobseeker Benefit or Jobseeker Allowance for 3 months or more 
 • Have a Leaving Certificate level of education or Lower 
 • Are unsure how to re-enter the jobs market 
 • Unclear as to the types of work that best suits them 
 • Wish to re-train 
 About Career Decisions 
 Career Decisions is an award-winning Career Coaching Company, established in 1994 with offices in Limerick and Dublin and providing a nationwide service. It has an unrivalled reputation for delivering premium quality career support programmes. Over the past 16 years, its nationwide team of accredited career coaches, counsellors and psychologists have delivered a suite of bespoke career support programmes that have helped over 18,000 people, at all career levels across all industry sectors in both private and public sector organisations e.g. Diageo, ESB, Baileys, Ballygowan, National Irish Bank, Standard Life, Fexco, Molex, Thomson Reuters Corporation etc. 
 Career Decisions was the only Irish company to be awarded a National Career Award at the Institute of Career Guidance (ICG) 2009 Awards in the UK. The ICG annual awards recognise achievement in the area of Career Assessment and Guidance. 
 About Miriam Magner-Flynn 
 Miriam Magner-Flynn is the founder and CEO of Career Decisions www.careerdecisions.ie . Over the past 16 years she has grown the company into one of Ireland’s leading Career Transition, Career Coaching and Career Management Firms providing a nationwide service with offices in Dublin and Limerick. 
 Ms. Magner-Flynn is the Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Innovation’s appointee to the Board of Forfás. www.forfas.ie – the chief advisory body to the government on Enterprise/labour market and Science. 
 Miriam is a Fellow Career Professional and Career Strategy expert who has led the design, delivery and project management of some of Ireland’s largest change, career transition, career coaching and career management programmes. Miriam’s extensive expertise has also been harnessed to design and deliver career support programmes for the newly unemployed and people wishing to re-skill/up-skill and secure new employment. To date over 18,000 people from both private and public sector organisations have benefited from Career Decisions’ programmes. 
 Miriam has the distinction of being the only person in Ireland awarded the prestigious Career Management Fellow Accreditation by the Institute of Career Certification International (ICCI), a title reserved for those considered to be leaders in the career profession. She is also a member of the Institute of Career Guidance (ICG), the Association of Career Professionals International (ACPI). 
 Miriam has addressed numerous conferences in Ireland, UK and the US. She also holds an Honours B.Sc. (Ed) from University of Limerick and a post graduate Diploma in International Sales from DIT. She has pioneered the development of the award winning www.CareerDecisionMaker.com™ career assessment system, leading a team of international experts in its design.CareerDecisionMaker.com™ is a unique, web-based, suite of psychometric career assessments which scientifically identifies suitable career options for individuals. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
