  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
 Working from Home: How to Make it Happen 
 
 Working from Home: How to Make it Happen 
 
 Earning Money Online 
 Freelancing 
 Telecommuting 
 
 Working from home is an enticing option for many people, and it’s not just for freelancers anymore. Many companies now offer the option of telecommuting, whether on a full- or part-time basis, and if you do happen to be a freelancer, there’s never been an easier time to find clients and opportunities thanks to the internet. 
 Why You Should Consider Working from Home 
 If you’re  in between jobs , or just looking for a  career change , it can be a good idea to work from home and establish an income stream while you conduct your  job search . You can do so part-time or full-time, and with an internet connection can work from nearly anywhere in the world. After you’ve found a few clients, you might even decide  freelancing  from home full-time is the right path for you. Writing, data entry, graphic design, general clerical assistance, and web design are only some of the ways to earn money from home. Many people also hold down a traditional full-time job and work from home online a few hours a week to pick up some extra spending money. 
 Are you a parent who’d prefer to stay at home, but can’t afford the luxury of going without a paycheck? Then trying out working from home might be for you. It can be difficult to work at home with a young child, but if you are able to work during nap time, at night, or when an older child is at school, the flexible schedules and option to work from anywhere can be a huge benefit for parents. 
 Have you recently retired, but still want something to fill your time or have an income stream? Working from home part-time could be the option for you. You can look into companies similar to what you’ve retired from that may have part-time telecommuting options, or start from scratch entirely with a new venture. Maybe you’ve always wanted to try your hand at freelance writing - now’s your chance! 
 If you work for an established company, but are tired of living in a city or have a spouse who’s been offered a job in a different area of the country, you don’t have to pick up and leave your current job. If your company has telecommuting options, check into those. If they don’t, see what other companies in your field do - you might be able to stay in the same field, but work from home and have your home anywhere. 
 Is Working from Home the Right Fit for You? 
 While working from home is certainly an attractive option, it can have its pitfalls. To be successful while you work from home you have to be able to stay motivated, have access to the right equipment, and, if you’re a freelancer, know how to build a client base. 
 If you can keep your own calendar, know the basics of budgeting, and enjoy checking items off of your to-do lists, then you’ll probably excel at working from home. 
 Be honest with yourself - not everyone can pry themselves away from Facebook to do another hour of data entry or to write up a blog post. Think carefully before you take a leap into working from home, especially if you are leaving a secure, full-time job, to do so. 
 If you’re jumping into freelancing, you also need to be comfortable with selling yourself. People who have trouble speaking well of themselves in a  cover letter  aren’t going to thrive at finding clients online. 
 How Can You Get Started? 
 Unless you’re moving into a telecommuting position for an already established position, you’re probably going to have to start slow, and work part-time. For some people, a small part-time income is the goal, but for others it’s to build a full-time business. 
 For either option, you’re going to have to  find clients . There are plenty of online websites that can link you up with a worldwide network of people looking to hire freelancers. 
 Of course, you can’t find clients unless you have the equipment to do the work they hire you for. Make sure you have a separate space in your home to work from that is set up with a computer, a printer, and other basic office supplies. You’ll also need to make sure your internet is up to par. 
 If you’re ready to get started, let WorkBloom guide the way. We’re here to help you increase your productivity and earnings as you work from home with tips, tricks, links, and insights. Working from home isn’t only for the lucky few anymore, so if you’ve taken the leap or are thinking about doing so, we’re here to help. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Earning Money Online 
 
 How to Earn Money Online  
 Earn Money Doing Data Entry Online  
 
 Freelancing 
 
 Earn a Living Freelance Writing From Home  
 Thinking Outside the Box: How to Get Clients  
 How to Make an Effective Freelance Sales Pitch  
 Tips for Earning Money as a Freelance Copywriter  
 
 Telecommuting 
 
 5 Great Telecommuting Jobs for Retirees  
 How to Work From Home Efficiently  
 Telework Jobs: Explore Some of the Companies That Let You Telecommute  
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
