Tales From the Fourth Dementia 
 Award-winning author Larry Day takes readers on a visit to the fictitious towns of La Mancha and Letongaloosa. In Day Dreaming: Tales from the Fourth Dementia, Day introduces the towns’ fascinating characters in a collection of short stories 
 
 Home 
 
 Tag Archives: careers 
 Oct 03 2020 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 Dean Ima Farseer and the Press © 
       Ima Farseer fulfilled one of her life goals when she became dean of the Department of Et. Al., Et. Al., at Letongaloosa Community Junior College. Ima had from, the time she was a child, wanted to be a faculty member at an institution of higher learning.

      Her other long-held desire was to be a journalist.  As a child, Ima had awakened early one morning to the sound of a newsboy out in the street shouting “extra,” “extra.”  From then on Ima thought that going about gathering information and writing it up in a newspaper would be exciting. 

      Aspiring to be a journalist and becoming one, Ima found, would require her to overcome a long-time fear of talking to reporters. 

      In her capacity as a college dean, Ima had no difficulty meeting and talking with students, parents, faculty members and other educational professionals.  That came with the job and she was comfortable with it.  But when some event brought reporters to the campus and the president ordered her to “take care of the situation,” Ima wasn’t at all comfortable 

      Journalists seemed SO self-confident.  In a group, they tended to be loud and pushy. Reporters asked far-fetched questions like “Dr. Farseer is it true that the president of Letongaloosa Community Junior College has been nominated for a
 
 Ima Farseer and the Press, page 2 
 Nobel Prize for literature?” 
 Ima had to answer such mush without demeaning her boss. 
       On the other side, some resourceful journalists who had obtained information from sources inside the institution created serious problems for LCJC.  Those questions had to be answered truthfully (lying to the press always caused problems) but very diplomatically.  

      Responses to questions about the budget, issues of federal funding, and some things about diversity required very careful wording. 

      Being pragmatic by nature, Ima decided to take her questions about the press to the source itself—in this case the editor and publisher of the local newspaper, the Letongaloosa Challenger-Bulletin-Clarion-Journal-Post.

      Ima had known the editor/publisher, Michael Stoneworthy, for years. They had served together as members of local boards of directors.  Theirs was a case of mutual, if sometimes uncomfortable, need.  LCJC needed newspaper coverage and the newspaper needed to cover the town’s major institution of higher education appropriately.

      Ima walked into Stoneworthy’s office at a time she knew he’d be the least busy.

      “Mike, I need your help.  I want to do what you do,” said Ima.

      “Why would you want to fight the rising cost of newsprint and be yelled at by everybody in town?”

      “No.  I don’t want to run a newspaper.  I want to be a reporter.”

      “Wouldn’t we all?” he mused. “Those people have all the fun and have none of the headaches.”

      “So how do I do it?  I’m afraid to ask strangers hard questions, and that’s what reporters do all day long.  I look at them—when I’m not talking about issues at LCJC, and I just dry up.  They seem so formidable and self-confident with their notebooks and tape recorders.”
 
 Ima Feerseer, page 3 
       Michael Stoneworthy paused, turned in his swivel chair and looked out the window of his office.

      “A hundred years ago, when I was a cub reporter, I asked my publisher, Carlton James, the same question.  He was a wise old duck, and he looked at me and said:

      “Mike, what you need to do is dethrone these bozos without their knowing you’re doing it.  You need to look at these formidable dudes and pretend that they’re sitting there in their underwear.  You try to see through to their boxer shorts, and the black sock-holders strapped around their shins. They’re wearing their favorite frayed undershirt that they can’t bring themselves to discard.

      “When you see them that way in your mind’s eye you say to yourself, 
 
 “I’m not afraid of these bozos.” 
 “Then you just speak up and ask your questions.” 
 “Did it work?” 
 “It worked for old James, and it worked for me.” 
 “Mike, you’re a lifesaver.” 
 “Ima?” 
 “Yes.” 
 “How would you like to go to dinner?” 
 “I’d love that Mike.” 
                                                      -30-


                                                    
 
 Tagged   #Humpr ,  careers ,  College ,  Education ,  journalism ,  leadership ,  Learning ,  Literature ,  news 
 May 15 2019 
 1 Comment 
 Humor 
 Weather-Related Clichés © 
 “I’m under the weather,”-A tornado just flattened my house. 
“Calm before the storm,-the time before your wife discovers the broken vase. 
“Every cloud has a silver lining,”—but it’s still a cloud, dummy! 
“It never rains but it pours,” –you just hope there isn’t golf-ball sized hail. 
“It’s raining cats and dogs,”-Please, Heaven let it be Chihuahuas, and not St. Bernards. 
“A storm is brewing,”—and the @#$%^&* TV weather guy said I wouldn’t need an umbrella. 
“To steal someone’s thunder,”—why not just borrow it? 
“Save for a rainy day,”—and hope you don’t get golf-ball sized hail. 
“To be on cloud nine,”-when they’re waiting for you on cloud seven. 
“Rain on someone’s parade,”—before they stomp on yours 
“Come rain or come shine”—your mother made you wear your galoshes. 
 -Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book, Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   careers ,  childhood ,  Humoe ,  television ,  weather ,  Writing 
 Feb 02 2018 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 Eloise and the “Kindness” Phenomenon© 
 Longtime readers of this column will remember Eloise Simplekins in “Eloise Calls the Robo Callers,” and in “Packin Light Heat”. For those who haven’t met Eloise, following is an introduction to her from previous columns: 
 “Eloise Simpelkins grew up in Letongaloosa and worked as a cleaning lady. Later Eloise made a pile of money. She founded a company that serviced a fastidious segment of the nation’s wealthy homemakers. Eloises’s company sent pre-cleaning ladies to certain homes. The homemakers didn’t want the regular cleaning ladies to see all the mess and paid Eloise handsomely for her discrete pre-cleaning services.” 
Eloise has learned from recent scientific studies that being kind to others has highly beneficial effects on the do-gooder’s own health and wellbeing. Naturally she wants to spread the good news nationwide. So Eloise contacts her friend Hadley “Cyberman” Wilkins. Hadley the brilliant electronic engineer who helped develop cell phone technology. 
“Hadley,” said Eloise. “How goes it?” 
“Busily, my philanthropic friend, how goes it with you?” 
“I’m well. Listen. I want to disseminate some good information to a nationwide audience.” 
“That’s a laudable goal. What’s the message?” 
“I saw a survey that says people who are kind to others become healthier and live longer themselves.” 
“Good information. That would people an incentive to be nice to each other.” 
“I need a way to disseminate the information nationwide quickly and anonymously. 
“How much information?” 
“It’s just six short phrases. Thirty-five words or so.” 
“That much info would fit on one screen of everybody’s cell phone.” 
“How many cell phones is that?” 
“Millions, just in the U.S.” 
“Can you hack millions of cell phones simultaneously and not get caught?” 
` “With the right algorithm .” 
“Who has one?” 
“I’d need to create one.” 
“Can you?” 
“For such a good cause I’ll sure try. Give me the list.” 
Eloise sent Hadley the list of benefits for being kind to people. 
A. Kindness is heart-healthy. 
B. Kindness relieves stress 
C. Being kind cuts down on illness 
D. Being kind helps make your hormones healthy 
E. Being kind can lengthen your life. 
Weeks went by while Hadley wrestled with one of the hardest problems he’d ever worked on. 
Finally Eloise received a one-word message: “Eureka!” 
Then a day or two later came another message: “When do you want to do it?” 
“How about Valentine’s Day?” 
“Excellent idea.” 
Around 9 a.m. on Valentine’s Day Hadley got a two-word order: “Do it.” 
He pressed a button on a huge electronic console. Simultaneously millions of U.S. users got a “ding” on their cell phones. When they checked their screens, the kindness list beamed up at them. 
That touch of a button caused a worldwide sensation. Communication networks crashed temporarily from the volume of messages, then righted themselves and got busy transmitting the reactions. 
Investigations began everywhere. The official agencies of the U.S. government, and similar agencies worldwide, searched in vain for the source of what became known in a myriad of language as the “kindness” transmission. 
Legislators opined, news organizations reported, editorial writers and columnists pontificated. “Kindness” discussions flourished in bar rooms from Helsinki to Perth. 
Bridge club members quit bidding, and poker chips stopped hitting velvet tables while people talked about the Kindness list. Domino games in the Caribbean and Cricket matches in the Indian subcontinent were interrupted. 
In the U.S. as Valentine’s Day approached, employment at greeting card factories doubled and tripled. The card makers ran three shifts a day. The U.S. Postal Service and private mail and package delivery companies took on hundreds of extra workers. The kindness phenomenon helped economy. 
Predictably, opinions about the Kindness List varied wildly, but for a little while, the world became a kinder, gentler place. 
Eloise and Hadley were shocked and amazed by the furor they had caused. At first they were frightened. But then they realized that the electronic firewall they had created was working. They remaining safe and anonymous. 
They got together to chat on a super secure telephone connection. 
“Wow!” said Eloise, “That was really something.” 
“Whew!” said Hadley, “You bet it was.” 
“So, said Eloise, what shall we do next year?” 
-30-Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book, Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   business ,  careers ,  humor ,  Kindness ,  leadership ,  Technology ,  Writing 
 Dec 02 2017 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 The Letongaloosa Register-Journal-Challenger-Sun Chronicle, Christmas Edition © 
 Looking at the pages of the Tuesday edition of  The Letongaloosa Register-Journal-Challenger-Sun Chronicle,  managing editor, Isabella Frost knew it was going to be a long night. Ever since she was a young, bright-eyed copy editor, ignoring the clock on the wall had been a tradition. There was a lot to do and she had a “to-do” list a mile long to prove it. 
 After nearly 40 years in the newsroom, that was one thing that never changed. Isabella was used to working late. To be honest, she enjoyed the time it took and the excitement of putting out a newspaper, especially during the holiday season. She liked seeing all of the brilliant colors of pictures and the heart-warming stories of the town coming together splashed all over the pages. After all these years, they always filled her heart with joy. 
 Isabella closed her eyes, took a deep breath and remembered she needed to make room for the full-page ad that would accompany the feature for Dexter Dolby’s new movie,  Attack of the 50-Foot Reindeer.  She also needed to include milk to her list of things to pick up on her way home before she continued gazing at the words and pictures intermingling across tomorrow’s layout. She was content with her life and the work she had done. Then something peculiar caught her attention—she couldn’t look away. 
 Every story seemed to be in a “Top 10 List” format. As she clicked through each section, there were lists after lists scattered all throughout the pages. In the age of social media, Isabella knows that lists are a quick and effective way to tell a story. She, herself, has used them and keeps countless lists stored in her phone: “to-do” lists, lists for potential articles she wants to write, even her grocery list on her refrigerator is synced to her phone so even if she forgets to write milk to her shopping list, it’s not a big deal. Isabella can just send the list that is on her refrigerator to her phone and call it a day. 
 There is “Top 10”lists for everything nowadays. Every newspaper, magazine and media outlet around the globe seems to gravitate towards using them, not as just an element to a story, but as the primary way to relay information to the masses. 
 And Isabella saw that  The Letongaloosa Register-Journal-Challenger-Sun Chronicle  is definitely keeping up with current trends. The headlines staring back at her were:  Top 10 Best Christmas Gifts for Chefs, The 10 Best Christmas Yodeling Albums of 2017, Merry Duggins’ List of the 10 Best Christmas Movies  to name just a few. 
 Thankfully, the piece on Dexter’s new movie premiere would add an element of tradition to the paper. He was a longtime friend of Isabella’s and a beloved movie legend of Letongaloosa. His premiere film, Attack of the 50-Foot Turkey, lead him to head to job at a film production company on the Pacific Coast. He was home for the holidays to showcase his sophomore film,  Attack of the 50-Foot Reindeer . __ It was only fitting that Dexter come back to where his first began and it was only right that Isabella conduct his homecoming interview. 
 Excited, seeing Dexter and writing about his newest movie was an article that Isabella had looked forward to writing. Dexter was a student at Letongaloosa Community College where Isabella taught a writing course. She supervised his internship here at the paper and had been following his career ever since. She made sure Dexter’s story would be front and center highlight of the Lifestyle section. 
 After giving the Tuesday edition a final glance, she checked some final things off of her “to-do” list and headed off to the grocery store. It had been a long day. She was happy to go home, close her eyes and relax. 
 As Isabella woke the next morning, she reached for her phone to check her schedule for the day. It was going to be another long day. Making her way to into the newsroom, she grabbed a paper and flipped to the Lifestyle section and saw Dexter Dolby’s big smile, sparkling eyes and his “Top 10 Favorite Scifi Movies” staring back at her. She was filled with joy!! 
 -30- 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book,  Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia  is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   animals ,  careers ,  Christmas ,  College ,  Education ,  Film ,  holidays ,  humor ,  jobs ,  journalism ,  Life ,  movies ,  newspapers ,  Reindeer ,  Santa ,  sci-fi ,  science fiction ,  social media ,  Technology ,  writer 
 Oct 01 2017 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 The Haunted Disc Jockey © 
 As Halloween approaches, Barkley Michaels muses about episodes in his long career as a disc jockey at Letongaloosa’s own radio station: WZBZ Mega-Radio. One episode stands out. Barkley calls it “The Control Room Ghost Story.” 
Halloween night was a tough shift for a disc jockey. There were always lots of crank calls. 
Ring. 
“K-R-U-D Radio. What’s your request? 
“Does Letongaloosa Boulevard run past your station?” 
“Yes it does.” 
“Then you’d better run out and catch it. Ha,ha,ha,ha.” Click. 
Barkley wasn’t even supposed to be on duty. His friend Garrison Storm, the station meteorologist had asked Barkley to fill in for a sick employee. 
On top of all that it was Halloween and there was the ghost legend. 
According to lore handed down over the decades, Mega-Radio was haunted by the ghost of the former station owner Reginald Wicker. Mr. Wicker had died of apoplexy in the control booth as he bawled out a new announcer. The announcer had mispronounced the name of the person who bought more commercial time on the radio than any other sponsor. His name was Kuless Klemelborg. The young announcer had pronounced the first name “Kluless” instead of “Kuless.” 
Wicker went ballistic, and in the middle of his tirade, Wicker dropped dead right there in the control booth. 
After Wicker’s death there were strange manifestations. Control room lights would grow brighter then dimmer, then go out. Announcers’ throats suddenly tightened up and they sounded like Minnie Mouse for a few seconds. Then their voices would go back to normal. It was pretty easy-going haunting. It was not threatening or scary. 
But then there was the curse. Wicker’s ghost was condemned to haunt the station until some future announcer pronounced the name Kuless Klemelborg correctly. The incident happened years ago. Kuless Klemelborg has long since joined Reginald Wicker in the great broadcast network in the sky. 
The odds of removing the curse became slim to none. 
So there was Barkley on the air at KRUD-radio on Halloween night. 
“Ring.” 
“K-R-U-D Radio, what’s your request?” 
“Can you play a Golden Oldie for me? 
“Sure thing, if we have it. What do you want me to play and who is the song going out to?” 
“Please play “I Want to Hold Your Hand,” for my Great Grandpa, Chellsie Clinghampton,” said the caller. 
But just as the caller began to give the name of the person to whom his request was going, a loud crackling noise came into Barkley’s headphones. 
“Sorry, I didn’t get that name. Stay on the line while we go to a commercial.” Barkley told the caller. 
At that very instant a ghostly voice came into Barkley’s earphones. 
It whispered: “The song is for Kuless Kemelborg.” 
 “Did you say Caroline Clemantis?” asked Barkley  “Kuless Kemelborg,” said the ghostly voice emphatically. 
“Okay, I’ve got it now. This song’s for Chelsey Clarington, right?” said Barkley. 
“No. No! The name is Kuless Kemelborg.” 
“That’s Chester Clemmelthorne?” 
At this point the station was coming back from the commercial. Barkley pressed a button to cut the caller off, but the call light didn’t go out. The caller was still on the line. 
“Play ‘I Want to Hold Your Hand,’ for Kuless Kemelborg,” said the caller. Play it NOW.” 
Barkley improvised. “Okay listeners. We have a special request for “It’s Now or Never,” for Claireese Caltenborn.” 
There was a loud crackling noise, then static. The dials on the control board in front of Barkley started to jump around. 
Barkley panicked. 
“Here we go folks “this number’s for Cleatus Carrlingberg, Carlene Clampton, Krystal Klomberg, Charlie Chinghammer,” Barkley’s voice lost its suave announcer quality. He sounded tinny and desperate. “Kleatis Klogsider, Karlos Kimmell, Klarice Kleenbopter, Kelly Kemmelwitz, Klaghorn Kipplemeyer, Konstance Kimberly. 
Barkley paused, terrified. A quiet, ghostly voice came into Barkley’s headphones: 
It said, “The name is “Kuless Kemelborg.” 
“This one’s for Kuless Kemelborg,” screamed Barkley. 
A loud pop sounded in the booth, a puff of smoke rose from the control board, and, with a shriek of joy, the ghost of Reginald Wicker, K-R-U-D Radio’s resident ghost, disappeared forever. Happy Halloween. 
 -30- 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book,  Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia  is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   Autumn ,  careers ,  comedy ,  Disney ,  Education ,  Fall ,  ghosts ,  halloween ,  humor ,  journalism ,  media ,  music ,  October ,  paranormal ,  radio ,  weather 
 May 01 2017 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 Eloise Calls the Robo Callers© 
 “Ring.” When Eloise Simplekins picked up her phone, a robot voice said: “Hello. This is Jan. Congratulations! You qualify for …. Please press ‘one’ now to speak to a customer representative. Press ‘nine’ now if you wish to be removed from the qualification list.” 
 “Fiddlesticks!” said Eloise, and clicked her phone off. It was the sixth robo call this week. She had tried hanging up, she had tried pressing “nine,” but a salesperson always came on the line anyway. She had pressed “one” and told the person who answered to take her off their list. The person didn’t answer Eloise’s request. All Eloise heard was a click and a dial tone. 
 Eloise Simpelkins is plain—beginning with her name and continuing with her squat chunky figure, her thick unruly hair, her flat face, her squinty eyes, and her pug nose. But she is very smart. 
 Years ago Eloise became a pre-cleaning lady for the women of La Mancha, that rich part of town where the streets are winding and the house numbers are hand painted on Spanish tile. It embarrassed the women of La Mancha to have their cleaning ladies see poopy toilets in their husbands’ bathrooms, so Eloise became their pre-cleaning lady. But she became much more. These women ached to reveal their foibles to someone. Eloise was there every week and seemed discreet. She became their confidant, and the women rewarded her handsomely. She invested wisely and became a wealthy woman. 
 Robot phone calls irked Eloise, and after she became rich they irked her even more. When she couldn’t convince the “you qualify for…” robot voice organizations to quit calling her, Eloise turned to Hadley Wilkins for help. 
 Readers will remember Hadley “Cyberman” Wilkins. He’s the electronic engineer who helped develop cell phone technology. 
 “Hadley,” she said. “I need your help.” 
 “Say on, oh Wise One.” 
 “I get six to eight robot calls a week,” she said. “If I hang up, they just call back. I press the button and talk to a live operator but they still won’t take ‘no’ for an answer. Hadley, I want you seek out the private phone numbers of the executives who run these robo-call outfits. I’m going to give them a taste of their own medicine.” 
 “On it,” said Hadley. 
 Randall Egregious, the vice-president for operations at Techaly Communications, Inc., was relaxing in his den when the unlisted number on his cell phone rang. The screen said “Mara Belle.” Mara Belle Function was a Techaly executive. Egregious clicked on. 
 “Are you being pestered by robot telephone calls?” a robot voice asked. “If you get robot calls seven days a week, please press one. If you get robot calls…” Egregious clicked the phone off, but the robo- voice continued talking: “If you get five or fewer robot calls a week, please press two, if you get fewer than three robot calls a week, please press star. To repeat this message, please spell out “help,” on your keypad. ” Egregious hurled the phone across the room. It slammed into the brick fire place and fell to the floor. The robot voice continued to speak: “If you are angry and frustrated and want to destroy your cell phone, please press the “tone” button.” Egregious picked up the cell phone, ran outside, and threw it as far as he could. 
 He came back inside and turned on the television. Instead of his favorite channel, the screen showed a television test pattern. From the television speaker the robot voice intoned the same message. 
 Egregious ran to his car and sped to his office. He called the company’s technology director at his home. 
 “George, this is Randall Egregious. I’m at the office. How do I shut down the robot-call apparatus?” 
 “You can’t. Don’t you remember? You ordered us to create closed-circuit hardware and software that would, in your own words, ‘make robot calls forever.’” 
 Egregious clicked off and ran down the hall to the fire safety cabinet. He yanked it open, grabbed a fire ax, ran back and smashed all the robot-call machines. 
 Then he scribbled, “I quit, Randall,” on a scrap of paper and taped it to the CEO’s office door. 
 -30- 
 Dr. Larry Day is a retired KU J-School professor turned humor writer. His book of humor columns,  Day Dreaming: Tales from the Fourth Dementia,  is available on Amazon. You can also visit his website at  www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   books ,  business ,  Business Etiquette ,  careers ,  Education ,  higher education ,  humor ,  journalism ,  leadership ,  Sales ,  superheroes ,  Technology ,  website ,  women ,  Working ,  Writing 
 Mar 01 2017 
 2 Comments 
 Humor 
 Friends We Meet Along the Way © 
 I’ve written a humor column every month for the last 16 years. That breaks down to 192 columns—134,400 words. The columns go by many titles and most of the ideas for them come at times when I am not sitting at my desk, vis. while I’m walking the dog, having lunch with my Emmaline. My, ideas-it’s a stretch to call it inspiration—pop up wherever I may be. One of the most enjoyable aspects of my job is telling about some of my adventures (real and imagined), and in letting you, the readers, meet some of the people who inhabit those adventures. 
 In many stories, from exploring the Cuban jungle with my colleague, Kate, to meeting with my long-distance pal from outer space, the robot KB-11.2 (Kaybe), I have taken Life on some curious journeys. And I’ve share them with you. It’s never been boring, and as I write this month’s column, and as I think about all my friends, my pals, the little Dutchmen come to mind. 
 I haven’t really been out to the Smokies to see them lately. As a result, we’re thinking about making a trip there especially since St. Patrick’s Day is coming up. I first introduced the little guys in July 2014 in a column titled  Man in the Mirror.  It was about my first encounter with a curious-looking gentleman, a kabouter. Most people would think a kabouter as a leprechaun. Kabouters wear long beards and antique Dutch-looking clothing including tri-cornered hats. 
 I was standing in front of the mirror in a vacation cabin back in the Smoky Mountains where Emmaline and I frequently stay. The Dutchman was staring at me from a mirror that hung in the bathroom. I was startled. After I calmed down and got my bearings, the Dutchman and his friends took me tubing down the stream that flows alongside the cabin. We drank root beer from large steins, and had a rip-roaring afternoon. I’ve written a couple of columns about our adventures with the Dutchman and his fellow Kabouters. But I haven’t given you readers much detail about them. 
 Here’s some background: The Dutchman in the mirror is named Jurriaan. It’s Jurriaan Lievin, as a matter of fact. Jurriaan and his friends live in a mushroom village located in the woods just down the one-lane road from our family’s Smoky Mountain cabin. These guys, according to Dutch folklore, are shy of humans. Stories say that they play tricks on people who try to catch them. For whatever reason these little Dutchmen men were more curious than shy when it came to me, Emmaline, and our family well before wrote about them. They’ve been a part of our family celebrations ever since. 
 Folklore also mentions that some Kabouter love the off-stage limelight. They have been the focus of countless fairytales, but the stories always mention the tiny men slipping away after performing their good deeds. We all know the Legend of the Wooden Shoes. And on television we’ve all seen the gnome in that travel commercial. That’s Jurrriaan’s cousin, Nicholaas. He, wasn’t shy like the other men in the forest, so Nicholaas decided to head for Los Angeles and try his hand at acting. He’s become quite successful. 
 Emmaline and I are planning to go to the cabin soon. We need adventure, and our friends the Dutchmen are all about adventure. They always have been. In that vein, I’ve decided it’s time my best friends meet each other. 
 I contacted Kaybe and Kate and told them to meet us at the cabin this spring. Kate is excited to get out of the jungle for a while and to meet everyone. I asked Kaybe drop by and pick her up in his spaceship. It’s not out of his way. 
 Emmaline is excited, too. She’s planning a party and has already bought root beer steins for everyone. And there’ll be plenty of inner tubes too for the river float. Oh, that reminds me, I need to get some lubricating oil for Kaybe. The humidity at the cabin sometimes plays hob with his metal joints. 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book,  Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia  is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   careers ,  College ,  Cuba ,  Dutch ,  Education ,  fashion ,  Folklore ,  Friendship ,  history ,  humor ,  Inspiration ,  laughter ,  Life ,  scifi ,  short stories ,  Spring ,  St. Patrick ,  Televisions ,  travel ,  Writers Life ,  Writing 
 Jan 30 2017 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 Loose Change 
 As a freshman in college, Dodd worked as a waiter at a pizza parlor in town. He was prompt and friendly, and people were liberal with their tips. Dodd saved his tips in a glass jar and opened a savings account at a local bank. When the tip bottle was full, Dodd took it to the bank to make a deposit. He asked the teller to use the bank’s money counting machine to count the coins. 
 The teller said, “Count them yourself.” 
 The Outcome: Dodd immediately closed his savings account and opened one at another local bank. The new bank’s teller cheerfully used the bank’s machine to count Dodd’s loose change. After Dodd graduated, he got a good job and continued banking with the folks that had counted his coins. In the following decades Dodd took out half a dozen loans and two mortgages at that bank. 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book,  Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia  is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   banking ,  careers ,  College ,  humor columnist ,  jobs ,  life lessons ,  money ,  Writers Life 
 Nov 03 2016 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 The 50-Foot Turkey Goes To Hollywood © 
 Dexter Dolby had to confess. When he started writing the screenplay for Attack 
of the 50-Foot Turkey he never thought he would end up here. How he got from 
his own red carpet premiere at the Letongaloosa Fall Film Festival to being stuck 
in bumper-to-bumper traffic along the Pacific Coast Highway was a blur. One 
day he’s a writer and movie critic for the  Letongaloosa Register-Journal- 
 Challenger-Sun Chronicle . The next, it seemed to him, he was here sitting behind 
the wheel of his old blue Wrangler, a week before Thanksgiving, staring out at 
the turquoise waters and waiting to begin life as a Hollywood screenwriter. 
How a film gets made had always been incredibly important to Dexter. As a kid 
he’d sit for hours absorbing every detail of every plot line, camera angle and 
costume in movies like  The Giant Claw, Dementia 13, and The Terror . He wanted 
to be a film writer, and he knew if he was going to be taken seriously he had to 
pay attention to every detail of the production. 
It was that attention to detail that caught the eye of Paul Peterson, the CEO of 
Talking Pictures Productions (TPP). The way the camera captured the detail and 
movement of a giant 50-foot turkey as it toppled the tiny country town made 
the hair stand up on the back of Paul Peterson’s neck. He prided himself in 
being able to spot creativity and talent wherever he saw it—even in a 
backwater town like Letongaloosa. Peterson wanted Dexter working for his 
company. 
For Dexter, thinking back to the events of that fateful night after Halloween was 
better than a prize-winning movie. Incredibly, Dexter had said goodbye to the 
small circulation newspaper and to small-town life. The turkeys at the wildlife 
conservatory had changed is life and provided him with the future he had 
longed for. With a firm offer of a job, Dexter bid goodbye to friends and family, 
packed up his Revere 8Mm, and headed for Hollywood. 
The weeks following the movie premiere had passed like a whirlwind. After “Mr. 
Hollywood,” Paul Peterson showed up that night outside of the Cineplex, the 
people of Letongaloosa had treated Dexter like a celebrity. The managers of 
the burger stand told him he’d never pay for a burger and fries and shakes 
again. The manager of the movie theatre assured him he’d have free movie 
tickets. The president of the Wild Life Sanctuary presented him a certificate that 
made him a lifetime member. He could visit the turkeys that turned him into an 
up-and-coming filmmaker any time he wanted. 
All of the attention at first mystified, then , humbled Dexter. He was delighted 
that people liked his work. He was ecstatic about the attention Paul Peterson 
paid him in the following weeks. They became friends. 
The two discussed everything from to do with the creation of films and 
screenwriting, to the nitty gritty of post- production editing. One day Paul talked 
to about turning Attack of the 50-Foot Turkey into a one-day classic for the big 
screen. All of those conversations resulted in an offer for Dexter to go to 
Hollywood and make movies for TPP Productions. 
I was a dream come true! Dexter loved his job as writer and movie critic in 
Letongaloosa, but he was thrilled with his new life, even when he had to sit in this 
traffic jams on his way to write and make movies. Slowly, the sea of cars began 
to inch forward. Dexter felt a warm breeze on his face. He was on his way to 
HOLLYWOOD. He was going to make movies. The cars started to move and 
Dexter felt the Wrangler roll. It moved closer and closer to his future as a 
Hollywood filmmaker. 
In front of the offices on the TPP Studio lot, noted the palm trees. He sat and 
marveled for a moment at the studio’s white stucco façade. Then he stepped 
out of his sturdy old vehicle, grabbed his Revere 8Mm, and walked confidently 
toward the studio. He was no longer that kid from a small town in the Midwest. 
He was Dexter Dolby, Hollywood screenwriter and filmmaker. 
-30- 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book, Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   animals ,  careers ,  fiction ,  Film ,  Horror ,  humor ,  jobs ,  leadership ,  movies ,  news ,  science fiction ,  scifi ,  short stories ,  Thanksgiving ,  travel ,  Writing 
 Oct 11 2016 
 Leave a comment 
 Humor 
 All Clear 
 On another flight from Bogota to Santiago the pilot got word that the airport at Santiago was fogged in. We were too far into the flight to turn back so the pilot had to put the plane down in the middle of the desert that stretches between northern Chile and southern Peru. The city where we landed is called Antofagasta. It was founded by a copper mining company. The locale is about as desolate as anything this side of the moon. We spent a couple of hours sitting on the plane looking out at the desert, then the pilot got the "all clear" and we proceeded to Santiago. 
 Dr. Larry day is a retired J-School professor turned humor writer. His book, Day Dreaming: Tales From the Fourth Dementia is available for purchase via his website:  http://www.daydreaming.co 
 Tagged   business ,  careers ,  travel ,  Writers Life 
 <- Older posts 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  Tales From the Fourth Dementia  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
