  
 Adventures in Editing 
 By Kristine Thornley 
 Sidebar 
 Contact Info 
 www.kristinethornley.com 
kristine@kristinethornley.com 
 Take a Look Around 
 
 About Kristine 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month September 2018  October 2017  September 2017  December 2014  August 2014  July 2014   Follow Adventures in Editing on WordPress.com 
 
 
 3,098 hits 
 
 Health Risks of Editing (Part 1): The Dangers of a Sedentary Job 
 Standard 
 I never considered editing a dangerous job. In fact, editing fulfilled all my safe job criteria: it involved a lot of sitting and could be done in my pajamas. The only danger was an occasional coffee spill. New research finds sedentary desk jobs, such as writing or editing, can increase our risk for cancer—and even exercising every day does not reduce this risk. 
 Sitting is the new smoking 
 Excessive sitting has already been found to increase our risk of obesity as well as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension and even depression. According to a  recent meta-analysis  of 43 observational studies that included over 4 million individuals and 68,936 cancer cases, increased sitting time each day also increases our chance of colon, endometrial and lung cancers. In addition, each two-hour per day increase in sedentary time was related to a statistically significant 8% and 10% increase in  colon cancer  and  endometrial cancer  risk, respectively (a 6% increased risk of  lung cancer  was borderline significant). 
 Several mechanisms were suggested including increased weight gain and obesity, vitamin D deficiency, and inflammatory responses triggered within the body. 
 All sitting is not created equal 
 Sitting watching TV was found to more detrimental than occupational sitting. Another  prospective study  reported that each two-hour per day increase in TV time was associated with a 23% increased risk of obesity, but only a 5% increased obesity risk for sitting at work time. The authors suggest that this is because we are more likely to snack on unhealthy food while watching TV. 
 Exercise isn 't enough 
 Perhaps even more concerning was that adjusting for exercise did not affect the positive association between sedentary behavior and cancer in this most recent study. This means that the increased cancer risk is not just due to inactivity and that exercising after sitting all day isn’t enough to counteract this risk. It is like thinking that going for a jog will make up for smoking a pack of cigarettes a day. 
 But wait—you don’t need to change careers! Read part two to find ways to lessen your risk. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Date  August 3, 2014 
 Tags  cancer risk ,  colon cancer ,  editing ,  endometrial cancer risk ,  health risk ,  lung cancer ,  sitting ,  Writing 
 Comments  1 Comment 
 
 Post navigation 
  Crowdsourcing Copyediting 
 Health Risks of Editing (Part 2): Reducing Your Risk  
 One thought on "Health Risks of Editing (Part 1): The Dangers of a Sedentary Job" 
 
 Pingback:  Health Risks of Editing (Part 2): Reducing Your Risk | Adventures in Editing 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
  LinkedIn  
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
