Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Steve Jobs biography 
 April 5, 2015 * 8:19 pm 
 Becoming Steve Jobs 
 
 Becoming Steve Jobs: The Evolution of a Reckless Upstart into a Visionary Leader by Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli (Crown Business, $30.00, 464 pages) 
 " You cannot connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward." Steve Jobs 
 Schlender and Tetzeli Connect the Dots 
 "This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend." These words from Maxwell Scott seemed to have come to life in Walter Isaacson's earlier-released biography of Steve Jobs. Isaacson's version of Jobs' story relied on commonly stated "facts" about Jobs, which have become the stuff of legend. And these facts strongly emphasized the less desirable aspects of Jobs' personality and aggressive leadership style. 
 This new bio by Brent Schendler and Rick Tetzeli presents a kinder, gentler account of the man who co-founded and led Apple Computer; it seeks to get past "The cliche that Steve Jobs was half genius, half a-hole." And it largely succeeds by emphasizing that any shortcomings on Jobs' part were due to his dedication to Apple Computer: "He put the needs of the company ahead of any (personal or) work relationship." That dedication produced the most successful technology company in the world. (It may also have led Jobs to delay cancer surgery that might have spared his life. When he later had the surgery, he was given only a "50-50" chance of living for five years; he survived for seven post-surgery years.) 
 This excellent account allows one to get to know Jobs as a living, breathing human being - an imperfect, fully goal-oriented man full of "deep restlessness."  Becoming Steve Jobs  is such an effective telling of Jobs' life story that at the conclusion of the book the reader will grieve his death - the world's loss, all over again. 
 Highly recommended . 
 Joseph Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher.  Becoming Steve Jobs  was released on March 24, 2015. 
 "In this deeply researched book, you'll find the most truthful portrait of the real Steve Jobs." Marc Andreessen 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  A book review site ,  Apple Computer ,  audiobook ,  Becoming Steve Jobs ,  best biographies ,  best books 2015 ,  best new books ,  biography ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  book reviews ,  Brent Schlender ,  business books ,  Crown Business ,  hardbound book release ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  leadership ,  life and death of Steve Jobs ,  Marc Andreessen ,  March book releases ,  Maxwell Scott ,  new books ,  Nook Book ,  recommended books ,  Rick Tetzeli ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Jobs biography ,  technology ,  Unabridged audio book ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wordpress book review site 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
