Toggle navigation [ 
 workinginmalta.com 
 ](/) 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Working In Malta 
 
 Setting up 
 Finding a job 
 Salaries in Malta 
 Work conditions 
 
 
 
 Living In Malta 
 
 Expats in Malta 
 Cost of living 
 Property 
 Transport 
 Relocating with kids 
 Education 
 Entertainment 
 
 
 
 Finding a job 
 Why do people want to live in Malta? 
 Malta’s laidback lifestyle and perma-summer vibe make the country an attractive option for relocation and the booming economy here means that finding a job is easier than ever. The country might be small but its GDP grew an average of 2.9% from 2001 to 2016, despite a global downturn during that period. Malta outperformed the growth in the EU bloc in 2016 and is still going strong in 2017. Additional incentives such as the tax structure, low cost labour, strategic location and having English as an official language have attracted investment from large, international companies as well as fostering the development of local businesses. As a result, there are a plenty of jobs around, especially for people with specialist skills. Malta continues to offer a good escape from the economic challenges of some other EU states as it has very low unemployment (5% in 2016). 
 Employment Rate 
 Malta has low unemployment (around 5% in 2016) and businesses are often in need of skilled staff, such as accounts clerks, web designers and IT specialists. If you have these skills, you are unlikely to be unemployed for long. Learn more about the  sectors in demand . The local government has also released the  Key Employee Initiative  which allow certain non-EU national to get a work permit within 5 working days of submission of application. 
 How to get started with finding a job in Malta 
 It makes sense to pay an informal visit to Malta. You can get a feel for where the action is in terms of work and whether you would enjoy living here. 
 Your preliminary visit would be a good time to talk to  Konnekt , Malta’s largest recruitment agency. With over a decade of experience, Konnekt is uniquely placed to help you match your skills to an employer. 
 You can also check out the jobs pages of the local newspapers such as The Times of Malta, The Malta Independent or Malta Today, or give prospective employers a call and ask to set up a fact-finding meeting. There are also lots of online job boards such as  jobsinmalta.com . Conferences are another good way to familiarise yourself with Malta and make contacts. 
 Job hunting can sometimes take a few months, so consider looking for a job before you move or make sure that you have enough savings to keep you afloat. Keep in mind that non-EU residents would require a Single Work Permit in order to legally work in Malta. This is usually applied for via the employer. Read more about this in the  Work Permit section . 
 EU nationals can register as unemployed with the government organisation ‘Jobsplus’ on arrival in Malta. You will receive information about new opportunities and you may also be entitled to  benefits . 
 Subtopics 
 
 Local vs foreign job markets 
 Work locations 
 Sectors in demand 
 
 FAQs 
 Do I need to learn Maltese to get a job? 
 For most skilled positions in the private sector, you don’t need to speak Maltese. It is a bonus if you can learn it when you get here though - this might take your Maltese colleagues by surprise but if you persevere you’ll gain a lot of cultural brownie points. For white collar jobs, the business language is generally English. 
 How many hours will I work? 
 40 hours is the norm. Usual office hours are 8am - 5pm. 
 Will I find a job easily? 
 If you work in IT (especially gaming), you’re golden. Legal, financial, pharmaceutical, medical and tourism experts are also likely to get their feet under the desk pretty quickly. Even outside of these sectors, the booming Maltese economy means there’s work available - it might just take a little longer to match your skills to a job, and at least initially, you might need to be less picky than normal.  Here's a bit more about sectors in demand in Malta . 
 I’ve got a job but my spouse hasn’t – will they be able to work? 
 If they are from the EU/EEA/Switzerland, they’ll be able to apply for jobs in Malta. For Third Country Nationals, unless the spouse is covered by the work permit of their husband / wife, they will have to get their own work permit which could take time and is not guaranteed. 
 What are salaries like in Malta? 
 Salaries might be lower than elsewhere, but there are some notable exceptions, such as the gaming industry. However, it is possible to live quite cheaply in Malta, so a skilled foreign worker will likely end up with as much, if not more, disposable income as they would in other countries, especially compared to much of Northern Europe. Check out the site salariesinmalta.com for a guide or  read up more here . 
 Other topics 
 
 E-residence permit 
 Work permit 
 Bank accounts 
 Healthcare and finding a doctor 
 Social security, welfare and benefits 
 Insurance 
 Tax 
 Property 
 
 × 
 Suggest a Topic 
 Full Name: 
 Email Address: 
 Message: 
 I agree to the  privacy policy 
 Submit 
 workinginmalta.com 
 Interested in working in Malta? This website is a source for job seekers who are interested in finding a job in Malta or in the process of relocating to Malta. Workinginmalta.com provides information about the 1001 questions that are on your mind, be it in relation to finding the best places to live in Malta or how to set up. We're here to provide you with the right opportunities. 
 Topics 
 
 Salaries in Malta 
 Work permit 
 Cost of living 
 E-residence permit 
 Finding a job 
 Education in Malta 
 
 Useful Links 
 
 Jobs 
 Register 
 Suggest a Topic 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. 
 I agree  Read more 
