Rodger's Notes 
 Technical notes from someone who knows a lot of things, about a lot of things. 
 
 Home 
 About Rodger Lepinsky 
 
 Design a la Steve Jobs 
 Today I saw  an article interviewing John Sculley , former CEO of Apple. He spoke about the early days of Apple, Steve Jobs, and a lot about, Design. I loved many of the things he said. Here are some excerpts: 
 Steve, from the moment I met him, always loved beautiful products, especially hardware. He came to my house, and he was fascinated, because I had special hinges and locks designed for doors. I had studied as an industrial designer, and the thing that connected Steve and me was industrial design. It wasn't computing. 
 Steve had this perspective that always started with the user's experience; and that industrial design was an incredibly important part of that user impression. He recruited me to Apple because he believed the computer was eventually going to become a consumer product. That was an outrageous idea back in the early 1980s. He felt the computer was going to change the world, and it was going to become what he called "the bicycle for the mind." 
 What makes Steve's methodology different from everyone else's is that he always believed the most important decisions you make are not the things you do, but the things you decide not to do. He's a minimalist. I remember going into Steve's house, and he had almost no furniture in it. He just had a picture of Einstein, whom he admired greatly, and he had a Tiffany lamp and a chair and a bed. He just didn't believe in having lots of things around, but he was incredibly careful in what he selected. 
 (I also don’t have a lot of furniture. I call it "the maximum in the minimalism". ) 
 … 
 Isn't Nike a good analogy? 
 Yeah, probably, Nike (NYSE: NKE - News) is closer. The one Steve admired was Sony (NYSE: SNE, News). We used to go visit Akio Morita, and he had really the same kind of high-end standards that Steve did and respect for beautiful products. I remember Akio Morita gave Steve and me each one of the first Sony Walkmans. None of us had ever seen anything like that before, because there had never been a product like that. This is 25 years ago, and Steve was fascinated by it. The first thing he did with his was take it apart, and he looked at every single part. How the fit and finish was done, how it was built. 
 (Coincidentally, I just read another story today that the  Sony will stop selling the Walkman after 30 years . I read Sony CEO Akio Morita's book "Made In Japan" while still in university. It made a big impression on me. ) 
 … 
 The Japanese always started with the market share of components first. So one would dominate, let's say, sensors, and someone else would dominate memory, and someone else hard drives and things of that sort. They would then build up their market strengths with components, and then they would work toward the final product. That was fine with analog electronics, where you are trying to focus on cost reduction — and whoever controlled the key component costs was at an advantage. It didn't work at all for digital electronics, because you're starting at the wrong end of the value chain. You are not starting with the components. You are starting with the user experience. 
 And you can see today the tremendous problem Sony has had for at least the last 15 years as the digital consumer-electronics industry has emerged. They have been totally stovepiped in their organization. Sony should have had the iPod, but they didn't — it was Apple. The iPod is a perfect example of Steve's methodology of starting with the user and looking at the entire end-to-end system. 
 … 
 Steve said, "If I asked someone who had only used a personal calculator what a Macintosh should be like, they couldn't have told me. There was no way to do consumer research on it, so I had to go and create it, and then show it to people, and say now what do you think?" 
 … 
 An anecdotal story: A friend of mine was at meetings at Apple and Microsoft on the same day. And this was in the last year, so this was recently. He went into the Apple meeting (he's a vendor for Apple), and as soon as the designers walked in the room, everyone stopped talking, because the designers are the most respected people in the organization. Everyone knows the designers speak for Steve because they have direct reporting to him. It is only at Apple where design reports directly to the CEO. 
 Later in the day he was at Microsoft. When he went into the Microsoft meeting, everybody was talking and then the meeting starts and no designers ever walk into the room. All the technical people are sitting there trying to add their ideas of what ought to be in the design. That's a recipe for disaster. 
 (Don't you wish the DB/data architects had the same position and respect!? ) 
 Steve's a minimalist and constantly reducing things to their simplest level. It's not simplistic. It's simplified. Steve is a systems designer. He simplifies complexity. 
 If you are someone who doesn't care about it, you end up with simplistic results. It's amazing to me how many companies make that mistake. Take the Microsoft Zune. I remember going to [the Consumer Electronics Show] when Microsoft launched Zune, and it was literally so boring that people didn't even go over to look at it. The Zunes were just dead. It was like someone had just put aging vegetables into a supermarket. Nobody wanted to go near it. I'm sure they were very bright people, but it's just built from a different philosophy. The legendary statement about Microsoft, which is mostly true, is that they get it right the third time. Microsoft's philosophy is to get it out there and fix it later. Steve would never do that. He doesn't get anything out there until it is perfected. 
 Cool ideas! I really resonate with a lot of them. 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on Monday, October 25th, 2010 at 9:00 pm and is filed under  Architecture . You can follow any responses to this entry through the  RSS 2.0  feed. You can leave a response, or  trackback  from your own site. 
 Post navigation 
 « Previous Post   Next Post » 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Rodgersnotes 
 
 RT @ MarkoSaric : @ ThatsMarksTake  @ eastdakota  I'm working on Plausible Analytics. Simple, open source, lightweight (<1 KB), no cookies and do…  2 days ago 
 RT @ lopp : @ ParkerMerritt  Not sure if there are any newer, better maintained tweet archivers but I've been running this for many years https…  1 week ago 
 RT @ lopp : My tweets get automatically archived every 24 hours into a database that runs on my own server; they can be viewed at  https://t.c…   1 week ago 
 Follow @rodgersnotes 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Architecture  (4) 
 Cartesian Products  (1) 
 Data Science  (8) 
 Database Design Mistakes to Avoid  (20) 
 Design  (1) 
 Graph Database  (10) 
 Humour  (7) 
 Java  (2) 
 OBIEE  (1) 
 Oracle Applications  (9) 
 Oracle DBA Subjects  (5) 
 Power Scripts  (6) 
 Quality  (6) 
 R  (1) 
 Reviews  (10) 
 Science  (2) 
 Security  (9) 
 SQL  (2) 
 SQL Server  (2) 
 Tuning  (3) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 Uniface  (2) 
 Unix and Linux  (21) 
 Windows  (2) 
 
 
 
 Flag Counter 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Google and Apple Versus Your Company's Application 
 Very Useful Scripts To Find Object Dependencies 
 MYSQL - Create CSV File With Fieldnames For Headers 
 Creating Connectivity Between R Studio & SQL Server 17 
 Clearing The BIOS Passwords On My Acer Laptop 
 Unbeatable Tic Tac Toe - Rule Based Algorithms 
 Oracle Scripts To Recompile Invalid Objects 
 Trying and Cracking Steganography 
 Installing NVidia Drivers on Redhat 6.4 and Removing Nouveau 
 Detecting Diseases By Analyzing the Pulse Waves of Heartbeats 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 All_Dependencies   Analysis   Architecture   Architecture Mistakes To Avoid   Bad Software   Bad Websites   BIOS   Business Analysis   Business Requirements   Cartesian Products   Coursera   cygwin   Cypher   Database Design Mistakes to Avoid   DataPerfect   Data Science   dba_objects   Design   Discipline   Dr. Dan Ariely   Dual Boot   Email   Enron   Error handling   Firefox   Gephi   Gmail   Grub   grub.conf   Hard drives   HD Tune   Humour   Irrational Behavior   Java   Learning Technology   Linux   MBR   NEO4J   OBIEE   Oracle Applications   Oracle Applications R12   Oracle Database Tuning   Oracle Data Storage   Oracle DBA   Oracle DBA Subjects   Order Of Operations   Parents   pdf   Performance   Photography   Power Scripts   Product Design   Programming   Quality   Redhat   Redhat 6.4   Reference material   Review   Schema Analysis   Scripts   Security   Software Design   Specifications   Spillover effect   SQL   SQL Server   Technical Binders   Tree Structure   Tuning   Unix   Unix and Linux   version   Virtual Box   Windows   Windows 7 
 
 
 Statcounter 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Cary Millsap 
 Charles Hooper 
 Jonathan Lewis 
 Simple DBA On A Complex Production System 
 Tim Hall - Oracle Base 
 Tom Kyte 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 382,176 hits 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 34 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
