Freelance Writing Services: Rosalind Kent 
 Writing, articles, consumer advice, copywriting & proofreading by Rosalind Kent, Owner of Freelance Parents Network 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Consumer Issues 
 Contact Me 
 Copywriting & Proofreading 
 Creative Writing page 
 Current Affairs & Journalism 
 
   
 Tag Archives: freelance job sites 
 
 Posted on  February 28, 2013  |  Leave a comment 
 __ 
 The Pros and Cons of Freelance Job Sites 
 Posted on 7:56pm Thursday 28th Feb 2013 
 By Rosalind Kent, Owner of Freelance Parents Network. 
 If you are thinking of becoming a freelancer you may already be lucky enough to have lots of industry-specific contacts and mountains of work just waiting for your attention. Or, like many freelancers you might find that work does not fall so easily into your lap. 
 If you are new to freelancing and just starting out then you will inevitably have come across a plethora of websites that offer you the chance to bid for freelance roles in your chosen profession. A quick search of the net brings up a wide variety of these sites from eLance and Freelancer based in the USA, to Peopleperhour, one of the few UK-based  freelance job sites . 
 These large ‘job auction’ websites are mostly global platforms, and as such will have a wide and interesting range of jobs from around the world. However, they will also have a wide and interesting range of freelancers registered from around the world. 
 In terms of diversity this is great, but may not be so great for everyone in terms of pay. Freelancers from different economic climates will have very different ideas of what constitutes a decent level of pay, and as these websites are based on a bidding system, lower bids will inevitably attract more attention from hirers. 
 You are not just competing against low bids from around the globe, but also bids from inexperienced individuals who are using these sites to gain that vital experience to add to their CV or portfolio. Again, they might be willing to do work for very low sums of money just to get their foot in the door. 
 If you are a professional with years of experience behind you it may well around to not be worth your while to even sign up to these websites, as you are likely to be undercut from all angles. Many experienced professionals will not join these websites for that very reason. Despite this, these sites remain very popular and freelancers of all kinds sign up in the hope of finding work. It makes sense to be on the look-out for new sources of work at all times – every freelancer knows that there will inevitably be months where jobs are hard to come by! 
 However, not all freelance job sites work in the same way. Freelance Parents Network does not rely on this bidding system and which allow freelancers to apply for jobs based on their level of experience and suitability for the role. Employers post their jobs with us because they know they are going to be putting their role before highly qualified, professional freelance parents who wish to continue working flexibly around their family life. The vast majority of our freelancers are based in the UK, although we have had job requests from abroad, including New York, and because of this our Network is slowly becoming more international. 
 So, if you are looking for extra freelance work then sign up to Freelance Parents Network, for free, to see if there is an opportunity out there for you. 
 _A version of this article by Rosalind Kent was originally published on the website Freelance Advisor  ___ 
 Leave a comment 
 Tagged  elance ,  freelance job sites ,  freelance parents network ,  peopleperhour 
 Freelance Advisor article 
 Posted on  August 23, 2012  |  Leave a comment 
 Read my recent article published on the website  Freelance Advisor : 
 The Pros and Cons of Freelance Job Sites . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Copywriting & Proofreading ,  Current Affairs & Journalism ,  Freelance Writing Services 
 Tagged  freelance advisor ,  freelance job sites ,  freelance jobs ,  freelance parents network 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 7,905 hits 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
  Freelance Parents Network 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Consumer Issues 
 
  Lovemoney.com 
 Prime50plus 
 Virtual Granny 
  Yahoo! UK& Ireland Finance 
 
 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
  Blankpages Magazine 
  Litro Magazine 
 
 
 
 Independent Consumer Adviser 
 
 Prime50plus 
 Virtual Granny 
 
 
 
 Journalism & Current Affairs 
 
  Lovemoney.com 
  Yahoo! UK& Ireland Finance 
 
 
 
 Travel Writing 
 
 Seethengo 
 Yahoo! Travel 
 
 
 
 Rosalind Kent 
 
   rosalind e kent 
 
 
 
 Rosalind Kent 
 
 
 Consumer Issues   Copywriting & Proofreading   Creative Writing   Current Affairs & Journalism   Freelance Writing Services   Rosalind Kent   Travel Writing 
 
 
 Rosalind Kent 
 
 
 advice   articles   Avon   bacteria   Bank of England   banks   bargains   benefits   British Airways   cashback   Child benefit cuts   commission   competitions   consumer   Consumer Advice   Consumer Expert   consumer reports   copywriting   creative writing   currency   deals   Dirty Fivers   discount   discounts.   eBay   expensive   expensive hotel rooms   extended warranties   fees   freebies   freelance   freelance jobs   freelance job sites   freelance parents network   Frugal Food   Frugal Friday   Gifts   help   History   information for writers   interest rates   Jobcentre Plus   Kent & Sussex Courier   Lovemoney   lovemoney.com   Merlin Pass   Mslexia   Office of Fair Trading   Orkney   paypal   petrol   Prime50plus   protection   references   restaurant deals   review   rip-offs   Rosalind Kent   safety   savings   scam   scripts   seethengo   shopping   short story   submission   supermarket   supermarket deals   tips   Travel   Travel writing   work from home   writing   Yahoo! Finance   Yahoo! Travel 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
