
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 BlueCargo (S18) 
 BlueCargo builds software for trucking companies to optimize their dispatch of container from the port terminal to first warehouses. 
 Senior Python Engineers 
 $100k - $140k • 
 Location 
 Los Angeles 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About BlueCargo 
 BlueCargo provides real-time information for trucking companies that move cargo from marine ports to first warehouses. We are building a platform that will be a one-stop shop for truckers to dispatch, schedule their workload and move containers efficiently 
 Our startup was founded by two female entrepreneurs, graduated from Y Combinator (2018 batch), and has raised a 4 million seed round. We are at the beginning of an exciting growth phase where we have already developed product-market fit, a working platform, and hundreds of daily active users. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to grow the team and deliver a product to bring us to the next level. 
 If working to bring technology to the logistics industry sounds exciting, then we’d like to connect with you! We are looking for a highly experienced professional who has created several full stack web applications and has experience with AWS. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Python, Data Analytics, PostgreSQL, Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 BLUECARGO 
 
 BlueCargo provides real-time information for trucking companies that move cargo from marine ports to first warehouses. We are building a platform that will be a one-stop shop for truckers to dispatch, schedule their workload and move containers efficiently. 
 The startup was founded by two female entrepreneurs, graduated from Y Combinator (2018 batch), and has raised a 4 million seed round. We are at the beginning of an exciting growth phase where we have already developed  product-market fit, a working platform, and hundreds of daily active users . We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to  grow the team and deliver a product  to participate in bringing the company to the next level. 
 If working to bring technology to the logistics industry sounds exciting, then we’d like to connect with you! We are looking for an  experienced python engineer with a startup mindset . 
 Our Current Tech 
 
 Technical stack  :  Python  /  Django  (Backend),  React/JS  (Frontend),  AWS  services (Lambda, RDS, S3),  PostgreSQL  (Database),  Node-Red ,  CircleCI  and other continuous integration tools 
 Technical team  : 4 (objective: x2 in one year) 
 Location  : Los Angeles 
 
 OPPORTUNITY OVERVIEW 
 
 Mission/Responsibilities 
 You will be building the platform  technology and infrastructure that drives BlueCargo’s product delivery . It means: 
 
 Collaborate with different players internally: product managers, designers, data scientists and other software engineers 
 Translate product requirements and technical designs into well-engineered, low-defect, robust code 
 Research new technologies and methodologies that can improve the architecture, its constituent software components, user experience, and development process 
 Perform extensive unit testing, system testing and regression testing 
 
 Qualifications 
 In addition to the following technical skills, we are looking for  PROBLEM SOLVERS  with an entrepreneurial mindset. 
 
 Interested and/or experience in logistics and/or supply chain 
 3+ years of python engineering experience, developing and deploying software in a short cycle using Agile methodologies 
 Experienced in data sourcing technologies (external APIs, web-scraping, EDI files, etc.) and building data management platforms 
 Interested in building systems based on complex data extraction and creating a user friendly experience out of it 
 Autonomous in your work, proactive while working with cross-functional team to build creative solutions 
 Advantaged if interested in data science and machine learning 
 Advantaged if full-stack capabilities 
 
 Classification 
 
 Salary  : 100k - 140k (depending on seniority level) 
 Perks  : Medical benefits + unlimited PTO 
 Fun perks  : flexible and international environment 
 Support/Community  : Enjoy being a member of a Y Combinator company! 
 Contact  :  [email protected] ,  [email protected] 
 
 Technology 
 Our current tech: 
 Stack: Python/Django (Backend), React/JS (Frontend), AWS services (Lambda, RDS, S3), PostgreSQL (Database), Node-Red, CircleCI and other continuous integration tools Team: 3 engineers 
 Other jobs at BlueCargo 
 Lead Full-Stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles 
 Full Stack 
 $140k - $170k 
 6+ years 
 Senior Python Engineers 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles 
 Backend 
 $100k - $140k 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
