
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Overseas Recruiters  / Yummy Jobs Work Placements Abroad 
 Yummy Jobs Work Placements Abroad 
 Whilst working abroad is undoubtedly the best thing you'll ever do, organising your trip can be tough: you have to deal with unfamiliar companies, different interview techniques, deadlines months in advance of when you intend to begin and often visas, accommodation, air travel and miles and miles of red tape. 
 That's where the assistance of experts comes in. They already have the jobs and contacts you need to find work abroad, and what's better is that they can help you get through the paperwork ensuring that the process to working abroad is a comfortable and even an exciting experience. One great company that does all of this is Yummy Jobs. 
 Yummy Jobs is a UK & USA based company that organises placements within top class companies, giving you the opportunity to both further your career and learn invaluable life skills to help you in the future. Set up by Jason Smith in 2000, Yummy Jobs now places over a thousand people into hospitality jobs & education per year, recruiting from the UK, Ireland, the Netherlands, Switzerland, United States and Canada! 
 Yummy Jobs Work Placements Abroad 
 As the name suggests, the company focuses on fun, enjoyable jobs for those wanting to kick-start a career in hospitality. Successful candidates are matched to suitable entry level roles within various US and Australian tourism organisations, ranging from life guarding and retail to waitressing, bartending and front desk - and you'll often experience work in several different sectors. A unique cultural experience! 
 And when we said Yummy Jobs candidates go to top-class companies, we weren't kidding! Most enroll on the Disney International Programs in Walt Disney World in Florida, and get to work side-by-side with the number one entertainment company and providing the very best customer service to thousands of guests each and every day! 
 In addition to the magical opportunities with Disney, it is also possible to be placed on six & twelve month internships & traineeships with 4/5 star resorts all over the United States. Their flagship program is the 'Yummy Jobs Hospitality USA Program - Intern and Training,' where participants spend up to 12 months working and gaining training and cultural at locations across the USA. Every area of hospitality is catered for, as they try to offer all the roles involved in running a hotel, from concierge to chefs to food service in family and fine dining restaurants. 
 The Disney Programs last for three months in the summer to six and twelve months, but Yummy Jobs also offers additional summer positions for university students wanting holiday work, and opportunities in Australia as well as opportunities to gain a Hospitality degree in Switzerland. 
 " Some people say it changed their lives completely and sometimes it gives people the travel bug, so after their experience through us, they travel in other countries too" 
 To ensure your application is successful with opportunities abroad you need to understand how to provide great guest service and have enough energy and enthusiasm to get through a eight to ten hour shift and still remember that the guest comes first! "We love to see candidates demonstrate excitement and passion for the industry" is Jason's view, and whilst previous experience is not essential, students on Hospitality and Leisure courses in particular will benefit from what Yummy Jobs can offer. 
 All of the Yummy Jobs work opportunities are paid, and wages can be anywhere from minimum wage (varies by state) to $10.45 (US) per hour for opportunities in the US and up to $17 (AUS) per hour for opportunities in Australia. Along with the standard hourly pay, it's possible to pick up some overtime during peak season. This enables Yummy Jobs workers to have money for travelling after their placement finishes, allowing them to make the most of their time abroad! Accommodation is usually provided at a minimal cost to keep expenses low, so your savings largely depend on how much time you spend at the mall! 
 "Don't expect to come home from any working abroad experience with a deposit on a house," laughs Jason, "but with essential life skills, and unique cultural experience and lifelong memories!" And to assist with having the opportunity to travel, Yummy Travel, part of the Yummy Jobs family, offers competitive flights and insurance to international students along with other great travel benefits for participants to maximize their program. 
 Recruitment agencies can also be a great way to ease the burden of bureaucracy, and Yummy Jobs offers complete support every step of the way. Jason encourages his participants to contact the team with any paperwork problems they run into, and Yummy Jobs is always only a phone call or email away and will often touch base just to say HI or with some fun information about the participant's new country. After all, he's been there himself: 
 "I remember how challenging it was to save up, find a job and get my American visa organised in time, let alone start a new job in a foreign country! That's why we make sure that every candidate we place is supported throughout the whole pre-departure process and given step-by-step instructions to cover everything from the day they accept the job to the day they start." 
 It doesn't stop there: if you run into difficulties once you've left your home country, Yummy Jobs has great working partners in country that can help deal with your questions and concerns in-country. 
 With someone there to advise you of timelines and help with tips and techniques, you'll fly through the application process and be well on your way to a flourishing career, so check out  www.yummyjobs.com  for the latest vacancies! 
 Happy Travels! 
 Let Yummy Jobs take you on an adventure … 
 InGlobe Jobs in Greece  => 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
