
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 GLOW | AGENCY is looking for a Creative Director in Manhattan, NY, USA. 
 About 
 GLOW is a strategic, creative agency that takes pride in calling the biggest brands, networks, and platforms a partner. We work across the world of entertainment and technology, crafting amazing experiences for our clients, their audiences, and fans. We have a passion for building communities and delivering breakthrough creativity. 
 Role 
As a Creative Director at GLOW you’ll own the vision and conceptual direction of, and set the bar for our work. You should be a strong communicator and bold leader – unafraid to challenge assumptions, and to push our teams and partners into uncharted territory. You’ll drive the work, and develop creative hands-on from proposal to production. 
 You should possess a strong understanding of digital platforms and design for cutting-edge experiences across web, products, and social. You’re a strong communicator, capable of a level of articulation and storytelling suitable for driving concepts home. 
 Responsibilities 
° Conceive, articulate, and drive creative concepts from pitch through production 
° Lead and contribute to a range of projects from fast-paced daily deliverables to large tent-pole campaigns and strategies 
° Inspire, mentor, and direct a team of designers, producers, and writers 
° Craft presentations and campaigns that shatter expectations 
° Define and evolve standards for ideation and creative processes 
° Own and communicate a creative POV that sets a high bar 
 Credentials 
° 8+ years of creative experience, some within an agency or in-house, producing breakthrough creative 
° Passion for working with client leaders and presenting creative in an engaging way 
° Ability to collaborate with multiple teams internally and externally to drive great creative 
° Strong verbal and written communicator 
° Experience working with writers, strategists, technologists, and producers 
° Experience managing and mentoring creatives 
° Intimate knowledge of creative standards across modern platforms and technologies 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7653-glow-agency-creative-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 5, 2020 
 Managed By 
 GLOW AGENCY 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
