Skip to content 
  WorkingAssets  
 [   WorkingAssets ](https://workingassetscareerguide.com/) 
 A Career Forum for Peers 
 Menu 
 
 Book Excerpt 
 Testimonials 
 Career Resources 
 Podcast Interview 
 Search for: 
 
 Exploring "Career" Options 
 Author Chris Bruni Posted on  February 16, 2020March 29, 2020 Categories Careers Tags doing what you love in recovery ,  expanding the definition of a career 
 Post navigation 
 Previous: Previous post: How to Be Well-thy 
 Next: Next post: Late Bloomers 
 My goal is for the Working Assets blog to honor and embrace the multitude of "career" options available to individuals living in recovery. 
 Variety is said to be the spice of life. Different jobs are the spices that flavor our recovery. 
 You can be happy working at a job that pays very little compared to other careers. Altruists in humanitarian professions don't earn the big bucks. Yet the self-validation you get from helping others can't be beat. 
 It's a myth to use external markers of success-a college degree; a high-paying job-to define a person's status in society. 
 For years in my blog I've celebrated Rite Aid cashiers. Every day they're ringing up orders and doing it with a smile. Some of them have held this job  for years .  And years . 
 Extending the definition of a career is imperative. How a person lives their life is as much an art form and vocation as a traditional job. 
 Earning income-and making tons of money-isn't how we should judge people living in recovery or anyone else for that matter. 
 I would caution readers that wanting to have a high salary solely because you want to earn a lot of money isn't the way to go. 
 My failed first career working in corporate insurance offices proves this point. 
 The older I get I don't understand the lack of compassion given to people who collect so-called entitlements like SSI and SSDI. 
 This is why we need to expand the definition of a career to comprise 
jobs that don't pay money or pay very little money. 
 Managing your life living in recovery can be hard and often challenging. This can be a primary job for some of us. 
 It's not the hateful and hurtful rhetoric in the media that upsets me the most. It's the lack of compassion. It's the dilemma that as of 2020 outsiders and a lot of professionals still think that for the vast majority recovery isn't possible. 
 Sharing our recovery stories is the remedy. Showing that peers have jobs-whether paid or volunteer work or in the form of hobbies-can empower individuals who are told they or their loved one won't recover. 
 And again, thinking you must get a job as a CEO to prove your worth is a mistake. 
 Let's cheer each other on to do in recovery the things we love to do. Whether doing these things earns us millions is beside the point. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author:  Chris Bruni 
 Christina Bruni is the author of the critically acclaimed memoir Left of the Dial. She contributed a chapter "Recovery is Within Reach" to Benessere Psicologico: Contemporary Thought on Italian American Mental Health. As well as an author and activist, Bruni is an artist and athlete.   View all posts by Chris Bruni  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Home 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 
 Search for: 
 Themes 
 
 Art and Soul 
 Book Reviews 
 Bruni in the City 
 Career Corner column 
 Careers 
 Confidence 
 Dress Code 
 Film Reviews 
 Finances 
 Fitness 
 Goal-Setting 
 Interview Questions 
 Interviews 
 Job Benefits 
 Job Search Websites 
 Left of the Dial 
 Peer Stories 
 Persistence 
 Psychiatrist Questions 
 Publishing 
 Sane Artists Collective 
 Uncategorized 
 woodshedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 90 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,042 hits 
 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
 %d bloggers like this: 
