MainstreamSEN 
 Inclusive practices should be embedded 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 July 16, 2016   Jules Daulby 
 Advice on botch jobs for DFE 
 I’m not a wise old owl but I am old and have some experiences. I’ve done lots of jobs and I’ve been a parent, I’ve moved around the UK and lived abroad a number of times. That does not make me an expert, I realise that. Over the years however, there are a few things I’ve learned, so I think I can offer some tips to the DFE which might help them refocus. 
 Tip 1 – Patience is a virtue 
This is difficult for people who are naturally impulsive; they want to do everything and they want to do it straight away. They think of something during breakfast and announce it by lunch. 
While occasionally making a quick decision is vital, particularly in a school, on a structural level taking time to think things through, ask for opinions, tweak things before finally launching an idea is good practice. The less you plan the more likely something which you hadn’t thought of but which seems glaringly obvious once it’s been pointed out to you will be pointed out to you, by the person you didn’t ask because you couldn’t wait. 
 Fill in the DFE impatience initiative here………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 Tip 2 – Check details published online should be published 
In a large institution, it should not be possible to publish anything online without it being agreed by various levels of authority. Red tape is annoying but it’s there for a reason. 
 Fill in DFE error here……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….. 
 Tip 3 – When lots of people are against an idea don’t become even more determined to implement it 
OK, sometimes unpopular decisions have to be made. It may be due to money, due to a safeguarding issue, even a disciplinary one. But, when you force an idea on lots of people when it has obvious flaws and is even unpopular with your allies it might be best to back track a little or change. Stubbornly insisting an idea should go through backed up by dodgy reasoning does not make you look stronger, it makes you look like an idiot. 
 Fill in DFE unpopular and flawed idea here:…………………………………………………………………………………….. 
 Tip 4 – Research is finite 
Research can show varying results: it might show this, or it could mean this however other research says this. Weighing up all research is good. Using research to suit your own argument is bad. We all do it to a certain extent but when you have to make massive decisions, it is probably good to speak to people who disagree with you too and find a workable solution. 
 Fill in DFE research which has been cherry picked to suit ideology here……………………… 
 Tip 5 – Take your staff with you. 
You can be a strategic genius but if you don’t bring your staff with you, you will fail. They have to carry out your brilliance; they have to make your innovative creations come to fruition. If you annoy them, don’t respect them and make constant changes they will eventually tell you to shove it and leave. 
 Fill in DFE changes here:……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….. 
 And their poor treatment of staff here:…………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 This post was originally posted fir @LabourTeachers 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 
 DFE 
 
 
 Phonics 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 DFE 
 
 
 Published by Jules Daulby 
 Teacher of English Co-founder and strategic leader of @WomenEd & @WomenEd_Tech Specialist in literacy and inclusion Campaigner against exclusionary practice in schools #losethebooths #normoreexclusions @onexclusions #devlangdis Writer/blogger/podcaster   View all posts by Jules Daulby  
 Post navigation 
 Previous No Excuses 
 Next 3.5 Educational arguments which irritate me. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
