Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Department Manager 
 Rona 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Department Manager acts as a Company representative to the team under their responsibility. They motivate, lead, guide, and train employees under their supervision. They play an active role in the achievement of store and Company objectives, in process improvement, and in problem solving. They also make sure that all customers benefit from exceptional customer service and can shop in a pleasant and safe environment. 
 Your responsibilities as a leader 
 
 Supervise work according to set priorities and the Company’s requirements 
 Resolve any issue that may arise while ensuring customer satisfaction 
 Carry out merchandising duties according to the Store Manager’s directions 
 Implement and supervise the replenishment process 
 Manage promotional activities according to sales 
 Meet suppliers during store visits 
 Determine work schedule while complying with the established labour budget and ensuring that customer needs are met 
 Assist in recruiting staff for the department under their responsibility 
 Coach, encourage, and motivate employees 
 Assist employees regarding work performance on an ongoing basis and apply corrective measures if required 
 Participate in the performance assessment process and employee training, and follow up as necessary 
 Follow the store’s policies and procedures on loss prevention and health and safety in the workplace 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You find sales and customer service motivating? You are passionate about team management and development, and you can exercise good judgment when setting priorities? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Previous experience will be considered an asset. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
