Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Cloud Computing World Economy Contribution: 14 Million Jobs and $1.1 Trillion In Revenue 
 __ Mar 5 Nov 15  __ Omri Shabath 
 I probably wouldn’t surprise any tech-savvy person if I would say that cloud computing advancing hand in hand with the development of technology as all major tech companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Google and Amazon are already well established and invested in this area. 
 But the progress of cloud computing doesn’t only holds significant technological meanings, but also incredible global-economical ones. A recent study (PDF) by the market intelligence company, IDC which was funded and published by Microsoft, has revealed how deep the cloud computing industry will affect the global economy. 
 According the study’s findings, in 2012 cloud computing will create 6.7 million jobs all over the world. In 2013 it will jump by more than 31 percent to 8.8 million jobs. In 2014 it will generate another yearly rise of above 28 percent to 11.3 million jobs. In 2015 it will climb by additional 22 percent to 13.8 million jobs worldwide! 
 For more than half (54%-55%) of these new created jobs, small and mid-sized businesses (less than 500 employees) will be responsible for. China and India will account for nearly half of the total cloud computing jobs by 2015, mostly thanks to their giant (cheap) 1.2 billion people workforce combined, while the rest of the jobs will distribute among the other world regions. 
 Those are even more amazing employment numbers when considering that the cloud computing industry only began to bloom two years ago or so. Cloud computing will also have great indirect contribution to companies- As a result of lower infrastructure costs driven from cloud computing services companies could allocate these funds into innovation projects. 
 Due to this better budget allocation, increased innovation investments and declining business costs, IDC predicting that it could add up to $1.1 trillion (yes, TRILLION) in business revenue for a year by 2015! Here’s how Microsoft’s Worldwide Enterprise VP, Susan Hauser, referred to study’s findings: 
 “The cloud is going to have a huge impact on job creation. It’s a transformative technology that will drive down costs, spur innovation, and open up new jobs and skillsets across the globe.” 
 As one example for how the cloud-based services are contributing to companies growth, Microsoft are mentioning in their story Aaron Nettles, the co-founder and CEO of Vorsite which offers cloud-based services, strategies and solutions to mid-sized and enterprise customers across the U.S. 
 Nettles is saying that the cloud doesn’t only has a great impact on the employees of the company, but also with its partners and vendors who wishes to engage with it extensively. Nettles plans to double Vorsite’s workforce this year in order to deal with this growth. 
 “It seems like a threshold has been crossed where customers are no longer asking, Is the cloud right? but When can we get it deployed?” 
 It seems that Microsoft already acknowledged the importance of quality cloud computing services to businesses at the beginning of their journey, where about a month ago it announced on a  $60K cloud computing grants program  for selected startups. 
 Here’s a nice image they released with the study (you can see it in full here): 
 Posted in  Career Tagged  Cloud Computing 
 Work From Home 
 
 A Simple Guide to Becoming a Freelancer 
 
 There's never been a better time for freelance work than right now.   […] 
 
 How Does Working From Home Affect Your Health? 
 
 Can working from home benefit your health? It's a possibility. Many   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 The Extensive Benefits of Thorough Business Documentation 
 
 Did you know that businesses lose about 21% of worker productivity because   […] 
 
 4 Essential Marketing Tips for Growing Your General Contracting Business 
 
 According to the latest data from the Associated General Contractors of   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 
 Get Paid (Every Time): The Ultimate Guide to Freelance Contracts 
 
 The freelance industry is big. There are people that perform freelance   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 7 Tips for Finding the Best Cable Provider in Your Area 
 Distance Learning Tip Guide to Keep Your Child Attentive 
 What Is Agile? A Basic Guide 
 Galaxy Buds vs AirPods: Which is Better? 
 How to Convert an ASPX File to PDF in 5 Easy Steps 
 7 Essential Services Every Remote Office Worker Needs 
 How to Calculate Sig Figs Like a Pro 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
