Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Freelance - Jo Malone - Victoria, BC 
 The Estée Lauder Companies 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 As one of our talented sales advisors you will provide welcoming, authentic and personalized service to our customers in order to achieve all customer service and sales targets. With your passion for people; our company; products and services, you will ensure that each customer has a unique and inspirational in-store experience which educates, inspires and delights them. 
 You will also use your exceptional people skills to build collaborative working relationships with the rest of your dynamic team to ensure that the store meets the Company’s high standards of visual merchandising. If you are an ambitious self-starter looking for a progressive career within the Retail Beauty Industry then this could be the perfect role for you and the first step of your career with a leader in prestige beauty. 
 As a leader in prestige beauty with a culture that values diversity of thought and people, we offer excellent training and development and a competitive remuneration and benefits package. 
 Qualifications 
 Previous retail industry/guest services experience is desirable (preferably within beauty) 
All applicants must be able to demonstrate the ability to provide inspirational, authentic and personalized customer service 
Ability to work retail hours including days, nights, weekends and special events in a fast-paced work environment 
Previous experience with retail point-of-sale software is desirable 
Applicants must be able to provide proof of right to live and work in the country if invited to attend for interview 
 Job:  Retail - Store 
 Primary Location:  Americas-CA-BC-Victoria 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Schedule:  Contingent 
 Shift:  1st (Day) Shift 
 Job Number:  2013375 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities are available on request. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
