Otrazhenie 
 Reflection 
 March 23, 2013  by   Otrazhenie 
 Emotional Intelligence (EQ) for happy life and successful career 
 From IZquotes 
 
 From Communicating with Confidence 
 We probably all know people, who are really good listeners. No matter what kind of situation we're in, they always seem to know what to say – and how to say it – so that we're not offended or upset. They're caring and considerate, and even if we don't find a solution to our problem, we usually leave feeling better. 
 We probably also know people who are masters in managing their emotions. They don't get angry in stressful situations. Instead, they have the ability to look at a problem and calmly find a solution. 
 People like this have a high degree of emotional intelligence. They know themselves very well, and they're also able to sense the emotional needs of others. 
 Emotional intelligence (EQ) is recognised by many psychologists as more important than IQ for the success or failure in life and career. 
 Components of the Daniel Goleman emotional intelligence model 
 What is Emotional Intelligence? 
 Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize your emotions, understand what they're telling you, and realize how your emotions affect people around you. Emotional intelligence also involves your perception of others: when you understand how they feel, this allows you to manage relationships more effectively. 
 There are 5 key characteristics of Emotional Intelligence: 
 
 Self-Awareness – ability to understand your own emotions. 
 Self-Regulation – ability to control emotions and impulses. 
 Motivation – ability to defer immediate results for long-term success. 
 Empathy – ability to identify with and understand the wants, needs, and viewpoints of those around you. 
 Social Skills – ability to communicate effectively with others, build and maintain relationships. 
 
 From'10 Tips for Dad's - By Men For Men' 
 How can you help your child to develop emotional intelligence? 
 Relationship with you provides the first step to developing emotional intelligence for your child: 
 1. Hold your infant when he/she wants you and respond quickly to his/her cries. 
 2. Calm your own anxiety. It has been confirmed that parents' touch, voices, and movements can either soothe a child or stimulate anxiety. 
 3. Accept and acknowledge your child's emotions. Teach children that they can't choose their feelings, but they can -- and must -- choose what to do with those feelings. 
 4. Demonstrate empathy. Your empathy teaches your child that his/her emotional life is not dangerous, is not shameful, and in fact is universal and manageable. Your child realises that he/she is not alone and learns to understand and accept his/her feelings. 
 5. Don’t shame your child when he/she gets hurt (e.g. don’t tell your son ‘big boys don’t cry’) and avoid repressing emotions. Repressed feelings don't fade away, as feelings that have been freely expressed do. Repressed feelings are trapped and looking for a way out. Because they are not under conscious control, they can develop into nightmares and nervous tics. 
 6. Active Listening helps to diffuse intense feelings. Accepting his/her feelings and reflecting them does not mean you agree with them or endorse them. You're only showing him/her that you understand. 
 7. Help your child to come up with an appropriate way to solve a problem or deal with an upsetting issue or situation. 
 8. Handling anger constructively is one of the most important skills you can give your child. When he/she’s angry, look under the anger for the hurt or fear that his/her anger is defending against. Use words, not force. Don’t let anger escalate. Breathe so you can keep listening. 
 11. Model emotional intelligence. What your child sees you do is what he/she will do. Do you start snapping at people when you're under stress? Have minor tantrums when things go wrong? Can you stay calm during emotionally charged discussions? Do you empathize when feelings are expressed? So will your child. 
 12. Don’t let your own feelings to get out of hand. If you end up screaming, your children just feel picked on. They learn nothing useful and much that is harmful about how to handle their own feelings when they watch you indulge yours at their expense. 
 13. Don't undermine your child's emotional self-knowledge. Respect his/her feelings about others. If he/she feels uncomfortable letting Uncle Herman hug him/her, teach him/her to shake hands. Affirm your child’s ability to trust his/her own feelings. Children need to make their own decisions about relationships from an early age. 
 Sounds scary? Emotional intelligence is not my strongest point and although I put a lot of effort into improving my communication skills and emotion control, I still have plenty of room for improvement. However I try to avoid being a perfectionist. I believe that if I get 90% of these points right, it is better than nothing. And when I get something wrong or lose control of my own emotions, I do apologise to my children for hurting their feelings and use that as an opportunity to discuss how we can help each other in controlling our emotions and expressing ourselves in a more appropriate way. I think it is good for children to see that adults are also not perfect, that adults have emotions too and controlling emotions can be challenging for them as well. None of us is perfect and improving yourself is a life-long journey. 
 From Who is your daddy ? 
 Online Resources on Emotional Intelligence: 
 
 What is Emotional Intelligence (EQ)? 
 EQ VS. IQ: Which is More Important in Success or Failure of a Student 
 Emotional Intelligence: Developing Strong "People Skills" 
 5 Steps To Nurture Emotional Intelligence in Your Child 
 Emotional Intelligence 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Thoughts  and tagged  Career ,  Children ,  Communication ,  Emotions ,  Empathy ,  Intelligence ,  Life ,  Parenting ,  Relationships . 
Bookmark the  permalink . 
 16 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 16 thoughts on "Emotional Intelligence (EQ) for happy life and successful career" 
 
 Emotional Intelligence (EQ) for happy life and successful career | Educational Leadership and Technology | Scoop.it  says: 
 
 March 23, 2013 at 12:08 pm 
 […] From IZquotes * * * From Communicating with Confidence We probably all know people, who are really good listeners. No matter what kind of situation we're in, they always seem to know what to say - …  […] 
 Reply 
 
 obstructedbynone says: 
 
 March 23, 2013 at 8:02 pm 
 Saved a lot of time for me learning about EQ from a book. Thanks! 
 Reply 
 * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 March 24, 2013 at 8:39 am 
 Glad that you found this post useful. I tried to get all the key information on EQ into one post without academic jargon. 
 Reply 
 
 wellcallmecrazy  says: 
 
 March 24, 2013 at 6:06 am 
 Great stuff! 
 Reply 
 * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 March 24, 2013 at 8:37 am 
 Glad that you liked it. 🙂 
 Reply 
 
 ruthelsesser  says: 
 
 March 25, 2013 at 5:25 am 
 Reblogged this on  Elsesser's Education Blog  and commented: 
We are really missing the boat as educators if we only focus on academic skills and neglect social skills. 
 Reply 
 
 zendrawingforyou says: 
 
 March 27, 2013 at 12:33 am 
 Thank you for liking my first post of a zen drawing. I absolutely loved your post on fatherhood. Fathers, especially new ones, need all the help they can get. Cheers:) 
 Reply 
 * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 March 27, 2013 at 9:26 am 
 Totally agree with you on that 🙂 
 Reply 
 
 angelbriatto75 says: 
 
 April 9, 2013 at 5:58 am 
 We just learned about this in class. It was a debate on emotional intelligence being evaluated in the intelligence quotient on standard IQ tests. Good info here - I like the chart too. 🙂 
 Reply 
 * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 9, 2013 at 5:58 am 
 Glad that you liked this post. Thanks for visiting my blog 🙂 
 Reply 
 
 Waywardspirit  says: 
 
 April 12, 2013 at 1:59 pm 
 Worken up to the elusive 90%. 
Needed this big picture today. You do good. Do you offer umbrellas to hold out in the rain while I'm to mad to to look or smile too? 
 Reply 
 * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 13, 2013 at 3:10 am 
 Hope this rough patch in your life won't last too long. 😦 Have you ever tried dancing in the rain? It might help you to get your smile back better than umbrella 😉 . Hope you'll get your smile back soon - can't even imagine you without one 🙂 
 Reply 
   * [Waywardspirit](http://waywardspirit.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 13, 2013 at 3:39 pm 
 Yes! 
That and jumping on the trampoline in the rain with my daughter. : ) 
Still have to grow the compassion daily habit, and relationship skills though. 
It's the next level of smile. : ) 
   * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 13, 2013 at 9:02 pm 
 Jumping on the trampoline in the rain - love that. Sounds like a lot of fun 🙂 With regard to relationship skills, it is one of those things where there is always some room for improvement and 'growth'. 🙂 
   * [Waywardspirit](http://waywardspirit.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 14, 2013 at 11:47 pm 
 Yes, then you point it out 
That uncomfortable resonance 
Of where what you show 
Fits what is missing 
So, must be grown 
Your direction is greatly appreciated George! 
 adjusts focus 
   * [Otrazhenie](https://otrazhenie.wordpress.com) says:
 
 April 15, 2013 at 3:27 am 
 🙂 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Poems and Songs 
 Prose 
 Thoughts 
 Forbidden Books and Censorship 
 Memes and Viruses of the Mind 
 Hell on Earth 
 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Happy New Year! 🥂🎇😁 
 Merry Christmas! 
 We are all born for love… 
 Are you here to listen? 
 Fairy Dad Father 
 One loyal friend… 
 Invincible love and smile… 
 You cannot depend on your eyes… 
 Just living is not enough… 
 Dad's love and intuition 
 Stories of Compassion: Aristides de Sousa Mendes 
 Hard times… 
 All HUMAN lives matter! 
 DO's and DON'Ts of losing a job 
 Never lose hope… 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Awards 
 Forbidden Books 
 Memes 
 Poems 
 Sketchnotes 
 Stories 
 Thoughts 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5,789 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Acceptance   Attitude   Award   Beauty   Care   Change   Child   Children   Choice   Communication   Compassion   Conflict   Creativity   Dad   Dance   Dreams   Emotions   Empathy   Family   Father   Fear   Feelings   Freedom   Friend   Friends   Friendship   Fun   Giggle   Good   Happiness   Help   Humanity   Humour   Inspiration   Inspirational   Joy   Kindness   Laugh   Laughter   Learning   Life   Love   Marriage   Memes   Men   Mind   Mother   Motivation   Motivational   Pain   Parenting   Past   Peace   People   Perception   Positive   Positivity   Quote   Reality   Relationship   Relationships   Respect   Russia   Seeing   Self-acceptance   Self-Esteem   Smile   Soul   Stereotypes   Support   Thought   Understanding   Violence   War   Women 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Awards 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
