Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoc-Opportunities 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Division of Preventive Medicine 
Competition No. - A100642430 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 This position is a part of the Housing for Health (H4H) project led by Dr. Karen Lee. This multi-sectoral project aims to improve the built environment of two new pilot housing developments and the surrounding neighborhoods in Edmonton and Whitecourt, Alberta, to better support active living, healthy eating and social connections for aging populations. The initiative is anticipated to benefit approximately 4,000 people living in and around the housing developments including affordable housing residents living next to the Edmonton development, and other populations in Alberta through information dissemination and community engagement activities. 
 We are looking for a Post-Doctoral Fellow (PDF) to undertake several built environment assessments for the project including neighbourhood built environment audits, Geographical Information Systems (GIS) assessments, and internal and external building audits. In addition, the PDF will be responsible for creating geographic variables using Global Positioning System (GPS), Geographical Information Systems (GIS), and accelerometer data using software such as ArcGIS and HABITUS. Tasks will include but are not limited to: research design, data collection, data analysis, and data dissemination via conference presentations, reports, and peer-reviewed publications. 
 Other responsibilities include:  coordination with other project staff and PDFs, communication with project coinvestigators, assisting in the supervision of graduate students, preparing ethics applications and reports, and grant writing as needed. 
 The PDF will be required to have completed their PhD within the last 5-years. They should specialize in architecture, urban planning, public health, or a related-field, and have experience doing built environment assessments using observational audits and GIS methods. Experience working with GPS and accelerometer data, and knowledge and/or experience in the public health field are considered assets. 
 The PDF should have strong written and verbal communication skills and should enjoy working as part of a multi-disciplinary team. 
 The PDF’s primary appointment will be at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, AB; however the PDF is anticipated to travel to Alberta cities outside of Edmonton to undertake data collection and meetings as needed. 
 The PDF’s salary is $50,000/year plus benefits. We have funding to support one full-time PDF annually, potentially renewable for up to 4 years, depending on funding and performance. 
 The PDF is expected to apply for major funding opportunities they are eligible for (e.g., CIHR, Alberta Innovates). 
 To Apply: 
Forward your cover letter, CV, a relevant manuscript you have written as lead author, and the names and contact information of three references to: 
 Dr. Karen Lee, MD, MHSc 
 Director,Housing for Health, 
 Division of Preventive Medicine Department of Medicine, 
 Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry 
 kkl1@ualberta.ca 
 Hayford Avedzi, PhD Postdoctoral Fellow, 
 Housing for Health, Division of Preventive Medicine Department of Medicine, 
 Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry 
 avedzi@ualberta.ca 
 How to Apply 
Email 
kkl1@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
