Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. Manager, Finance 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The automation lead will be responsible for overseeing process automation from process design to deployment. The automation lead will manage direct and indirect reports within the team. 
 The automation lead will be responsible for mapping out the existing process, review it for improvement or modifications and create the process design document. They will then work with the developer to automate the process and work with the requesting business unit to test the final product. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Review and assess business processes for automation compatibility 
Create the business case for automation, including estimated benefits and costs 
Document in detail a business process prior to it being automated 
Work with bot developers to automate a business process 
Work with the business unit requesting the automation to ensure their requirements are being met 
Oversee user acceptance testing 
Provide support for existing automation and facilitate enhancements 
 What You 'll Need: 
Strong analytical and organizational skills; committed to meeting deadlines and targets 
Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization 
Ability to work well independently as well as in a team environment 
Time management skills, with the ability to prioritize and multi task daily activities in a fast paced environment 
Be flexible and able to adapt to change in a positive manner. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
