Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 EDUC O 27R - Educational Officer, Online Programs AMENDED 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Educational Officer, Online Programs 
Education Officer 27 
 Amendment (Nov 20):  Please note that this position is no longer under classification review. 
 There is currently one permanent full time opportunity available. 
An eligibility list may be established. 
 An excellent senior opportunity for a dedicated professional 
 The Online Learning & Educational Resources Branch, within the Services & Technology Division in the Ministry of Education, provides three key and critical services for the K-12 Education system: Open School BC, ShareEdBC and Online Learning. 
 Online learning is a method of teaching students outside of traditional schools using online and other electronic delivery methods to increase student access, choice and flexibility in scheduling to improve student success. The Online Learning program area is responsible for developing and implementing policy, collaborating with the education sector and ensuring equity of access to high quality online learning for students in B.C. 
 Following the Funding Model Implementation Online Learning Working Group’s 2019 recommendations, and given the recent increase in adoption of online learning due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this position is an opportunity to contribute to an emerging provincial mandate and a renewed vision for online learning in B.C. 
 JOB OVERVIEW 
Provides advice and recommendations to senior management on the implementation of emerging strategic education programs, policy and legislative initiatives. The position is also responsible to lead or facilitate implementation and program delivery with internal and external stakeholders, to define project goals and objectives, scope, deliverables, marketing and communication plans and performance measures. 
 Researches, develops and writes publications, presentations, documents including Cabinet Submissions, Treasury Board Submissions, Requests for Legislation, Orders in Council, Minister’s Orders, briefing notes, discussion papers, reports and other documents. 
 Leads and participates in consultations with stakeholders to identify issues related to the development and implementation of education programs, defines program policies and priorities, identifies stakeholder preferences and resolve issues. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Linda.Dun@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Education AND a minimum of two (2) years *related experience; OR 
An equivalent combination of education and *related experience may be considered. Please note: If your Post-Secondary credentials were obtained from outside of Canada, you may be required to provide documentation of your completed formal credential transfer evaluation (e.g. WES). 
And a minimum three (3) years of experience maintaining effective relationships with stakeholders. 
 
 Related experience includes the following: 
 
 Experience in the development of policy, guidelines or legislation; 
Experience in concisely and persuasively writing a range of documents/content. 
Experience in planning and coordinating complex large-scale projects/assignments and independently managing projects. 
Experience selecting, managing and leading professional teams comprised of stakeholders. 
Experience handling multiple priorities and working on numerous and diverse projects concurrently. 
Experience working in a team that oversees a complex administration program with multiple priorities and timelines. 
 Preferences may be given to applicants with: 
Experience in translating policy into business requirements. 
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Education and a minimum of two (2) years *related experience. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
