Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Maintenance Aide/Landscaper 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Nepean, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 Reports to the Maintenance Manager and performs landscaping duties related to cutting grass, edge trimming, leaf blowing, picking weeds, spraying weeds, lay mulch, clean garbage in flower beds . Performs a variety of duties related to the Landscaping and maintenance duties when weather does not permit outside work. Assists in maintaining a safe and secure environment for residents, visitors and other staff members. All duties are performed in the best interest of the residents and their families, and in accordance with Chartwell’s vision, mission and values statements. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Responds to resident or family member concerns and ensures appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the Maintenance Manager. 
Conducts all duties in accordance with Chartwell policies and procedures, as well as, government regulations, laws and policies. 
Understands and follows all health and safety policies and procedures. Works safely to reduce the risk of injury to self, other staff members and residents. Promptly reports all actual or potentially hazardous situations. 
Ensures that on-site work areas are clean and safe and ensures walkways are kept free of equipment, extension cords, or landscaping tools. 
Responsible for reporting defective equipment (e.g. Lawn Mower, leaf Blower, edge trimmer) 
Performs other related maintenance duties as required. 
 The ideal candidate will possess: 
Landscaping related experience 
Grade 12 Diploma with some related landscaping training is required. 
Must be physically and mentally alert. 
Must be able to work with a minimum of supervision. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
