  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Interview   
  Interview Process   
 Job Interview Tips Begin with Knowing the Process 
 
 Job Interview Tips Begin with Knowing the Process 
 by Mark McCormick 
 Over the years, the job interview has evolved from a simple discussion between the owner and a potential employee into a bureaucratic maze of HR personnel and inefficiency. Nevertheless, the interview process has settled into a basic structure. This basic structure tends to have the following steps: 
 1. Interview Request 
 a. This can take the form of an email or phone call sent by the company to you to essentially schedule a time to conduct the Initial Screen Interview. 
 b. Sometimes this request can become the initial screen interview depending on the structure of the company. 
 2. An Initial Screen Interview 
 a. This is almost always a phone interview in which an administrative assistant or person from HR contacts you. 
 b. The main goal of the interview is to ask you questions about your resume to determine if you have the basic qualifications for the position. 
 c. The questions tend to be broad in nature and you should expect to get very few follow-up questions. 
 d. It is unlikely you would receive any behavioral interview questions or case interview questions at this stage. 
 3. Formal Interview (anywhere from 2 to 4 interviews) 
 a. The first of the formal interviews tends to be a phone interview in which you are usually meeting with a manager or supervisor in the division of the prospective job. 
 
 i. The format of this interview will include a specific discussion of your resume and will likely include a number of behavioral questions. 
 
 b. The second formal interview and any other later interviews will tend to all be on-site interviews. The only exception would be if you are interviewing for a position in another state. In this case, you are unlikely to have an on-site interview until your final interview. 
 
 i. These interviews will be similar to the first formal interview except you will be interviewing with other members of the group and taking technical efficiency tests. 
 ii. You can expect to get all types of interview questions at this stage, including resume-focused, job description, behavioral, and case interview questions. 
 iii. These interviews are really designed to determine if you have the right experience and whether you are a good personality fit for the team's culture. 
 
 4. Technical Efficiency Tests 
 a. The type and use of these tests depends on the job position. The tests are designed to objectively measure skills needed in the position. For example, a business analyst could reasonably expect to see an Excel assessment test to determine if he/she has the appropriate proficiency level in Microsoft Excel. 
 b. Technical Efficiency Tests can actually occur at any stage and some companies will even have you take a personality test very early in the process. This type of test tries to determine if you have the appropriate personality and interests they feel are the ideal match for the position. 
 5. Final Interview 
 a. This final interview is an on-site interview in which you are meeting with the hiring manager. During this interview, you will get to meet all the members of the team and possibly have lunch with them. 
 b. This interview can be one final grilling interview or it can be a transition meeting into your position depending on the format of the company and the overall competition for your position. 
 c. At this final interview, the questions have all moved to determine whether you would be a good fit with the team and to resolve any final concerns they may have regarding your qualifications for the position. 
 6. Acceptance or Rejection 
 a. Generally, if you get accepted you will find out at the final interview. However, sometimes you may receive a phone call a few days later from HR stating you have been accepted for the position. This delay can sometimes occur because of the company's format of using HR throughout the process or it could be because another candidate turned down the position and you were the second option. 
 b. Rejection letters can be sent at any point in the process. However, some companies will fail to send out a rejection letter due to oversight or lack of resources. 
 c. It is a good idea to ask the hiring manager in the final interview when you can expect to hear from them regarding your decision. If two weeks go by and you still have not received a response, you can see if you are still being considered by sending them a "if there is anything else you need" email. This email will usually get you a response through either a phone call or email. 
 This outline is designed to provide you with a good working knowledge of the current interview process. By learning this process intimately, you will be better able to prepare for each part of it. Now, go ahead and take some time to review each part of this process. We think you will discover, in doing so, a number of ways you can improve your interview preparation right away. 
 
 Mark McCormick is a former HR staffing member and veteran of many interviews as both an interviewer and a job seeker. 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Job Interviews: More Success Secrets You Really Need to Know  
 Employment Interviewing: The Winning Strategy  
 Five Tips to Improve Your Job Interview  
 10 Body Language Errors to Avoid at Your Next Job Interview  
 Communication Strategies for Women in the Job Interview  
 When to Schedule a Job Interview  
 10 Tips to Set Up a Great Mock Interview  
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model  
 
 FAQ 
 
 What Questions to Ask During a Job Interview? 
 What to Wear for a Job Interview? 
 How to Answer Interview Questions? 
 How to Ask for Feedback When You Did Not Land the Job? 
 What Your Non-Verbal Communication Says About You and How to Fix It? 
 How to Make a Good Impression (Visually)? 
 How to Prepare for a Phone Interview? 
 What Is an Informal Interview and How to Approach It? 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
