Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Snowboard Instructor - Seasonal - Full-Time/Part-Time 
 Blue Mountains/Collingwood 
 __Blue Mountains, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Instructor is responsible for ensuring a high level of customer satisfaction by providing quality lessons delivered in a professional and well-organized manner. Instructors are responsible for ensuing that lesson content is current and up to date. The snow school provides daily on hill training sessions in addition to CASI/CSIA updates throughout the season. Instructors are expected to support the resort mission by ensuring that we are “creating the best memories again and again” by providing the best possible experience for our guests. 
 WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME? 
 Hourly rate dependent on experience and certification 
Your choice of Full Time or Part Time Hours 
Comprehensive training program, offering daily sessions and paid training for full-time 
Uniform provided at no cost 
Course re-imbursements for successful completions 
 Resort perks: 
Free Ski/Snowboard Pass; 
Discounted lift tickets you can share with your friends; 
Free rentals; 
Staff priced meals & Starbucks treats; 
Retail savings at Columbia, North Face, Red Devil, Hillside, Lifted and more; 
Staff room rates at all our hotels; 
Reduced rate experiences at all other Alterra Mountain Company resorts. 
 WHAT WILL I BE DOING? 
 Assist the Supervisor in greeting guests as they arrive at the lesson location. When required be available to assist the supervisor by organizing groups. 
Ensure a high level of customer satisfaction by providing quality lessons delivered in a professional and well-organized manner. 
Ensure that your day-to-day activities, in and out of lesson situations, fall within the guidelines of the Ski & Snowboard School’s Health and Safety policies and be a champion of the “Guest Experience". 
Participate in paid and optional training opportunities. 
 WHAT DO WE NEED FROM YOU? 
 Must hold a minimum level 1 C.A.S.I. or Level 1 C.S.I.A 
Previous instructing experience an asset 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
Excellent customer services skills 
Must be able to work outdoors in a physical role and lift up to 50 lbs 
Must be able to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends and holidays (Christmas, Family Day weekend and March Break) 
Successful applicants who are 18 years of age or older will be required to provide a Vulnerable Sector Check 
 BLUE MOUNTAIN RESORT COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Blue Mountain, Ontario’s largest mountain resort is nestled on the shores of Georgian Bay, located 90 minutes north of Toronto. Blue Mountain has become the four-season destination of the North, visited by more than 1.5 million guests a year. Winter at the resort boasts 43 ski and snowboard trails enhanced by a world-class snowmaking system. Summer months offer the largest downhill mountain biking facility in Ontario, Monterra Golf course, Ridge Runner Mountain Coaster, Cascade Putting Course, Timber Challenge Ropes Course, Wind Rider Triple Zips and a private beach property among other seasonal attractions. Year-round the resort attracts visitors to more than 1,000 luxury accommodation units and 45 unique concept restaurants, bars and retail stores in our pedestrian Village. 53,000 square feet of state- of-the-art conference space caters year-round to corporate meeting groups. Blue Mountain is owned by Alterra Mountain Company and offers the Ikon Pass, the new standard in season passes. Visit www.bluemountain.ca for more information. 
 ALTERRA COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Alterra Mountain Company is a family of 15 iconic year-round destinations, including the world’s largest heli-ski operation, offering the Ikon Pass, the new standard in season passes. The company owns and operates a range of recreation, hospitality, real estate development, food and beverage, retail and service businesses. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with destinations across the continent, Alterra Mountain Company is rooted in the spirit of the mountains and united by a passion for outdoor adventure. Alterra Mountain Company’s family of diverse playgrounds spans six U.S. states and three Canadian provinces: Steamboat and Winter Park Resort in Colorado; Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows, Mammoth Mountain, June Mountain and Big Bear Mountain Resort in California; Stratton and Sugarbush Resort in Vermont; Snowshoe in West Virginia; Tremblant in Quebec, Blue Mountain in Ontario; Crystal Mountain in Washington; Deer Valley Resort and Solitude Mountain Resort in Utah; and CMH Heli-Skiing & Summer Adventures in British Columbia. Also included in the portfolio is Alpine Aerotech, a worldwide helicopter support and maintenance service center in British Columbia, Canada. Alterra Mountain Company honors each destination’s unique character and authenticity and celebrates the legendary adventures and enduring memories they bring to everyone. 
 For more information, please visit www.alterramtnco.com. 
 Blue Mountain Resort is committed to supporting a culture of diversity and inclusiveness across the organization. We believe in equal opportunity and it is our priority to ensure a barrier-free recruitment and selection process. If you are contacted for a position, please notify Human Resources of any accommodation needs you may have during the selection process. Information received regarding the accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially. 
 IND1 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
