Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Coworking Space: Sharing How We Work Part II 
 Genevieve DeGuzman    9th November    Office Life   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Coworking%20Space%3A%20Sharing%20How%20We%20Work%20Part%20II%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fcoworking-space%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Editor 's note: This is a continuation of the 2-part series. You can read Part I  here . 
 How to Find a Coworking Space 
 Try coworking portals and directories for the widest selection possible. Accessible on the web or through a mobile phone app, these directories help you to search not only available standalone coworking spaces, but also dynamic small companies offering shared workspaces and open desks. This gives you more options for finding a spot to work, especially if your city or town doesn’t offer a coworking space. Think of it as matchmaking. 
 Our favorite directories for finding shared space include: 
 Loosecubes : Loosecubes connects members with an empty desk, studio or sofa with other members who need a productive and inspiring place to work. Whether you are looking for coworking companions by the day or longer term neighbors by the month, Loosecubes makes it easy to find the right people to share your space with. A cool feature we like: You can connect your account to Facebook to get recommendations for great workspace based on your social connections. 
 In an interview with us for  Working in the UnOffice: A Guide to Coworking , community manager Anna Thomas said that services like theirs help spread the values of coworking throughout the system, letting businesses turn “their empty desks into business-building assets — generating revenue by renting their extra space and energizing their workplaces by bringing in new talent and expertise.” The process is aptly called, “Loosecubing”. By opening up their spaces to other different startups and a host of freelancers, companies that share “build connections that can lead to job opportunities, partnerships, referrals, and friendships.” 
 Anna describes how they set themselves apart from other competing search portals: “We place the emphasis on the people in the spaces. For us, the most powerful thing about coworking isn’t the beautiful office, great coffee, or fast Wi-Fi— it’s the person sitting next to you that could become your colleague, business partner, friend, or even someone special. Our goal is to connect people through workspaces, as opposed to hooking someone up with office amenities when they need them.” Loosecubes has since grown to become a global workspace-sharing community with nearly 2,000 spaces around the world. 
 Deskwanted : Features desks and office spaces around the globe, particularly covering Europe. Type in your preferred city and select the lease length and it gives you a list of available spaces in that area, with the address and cost. Deskwanted is connected with  Deskmag   ,  an online publication that covers issues related to innovative workplaces and new ways of working. It focuses on a coworking space and the new breed of independent workers and small companies that work there. Check out their “Tools and Tips” section for great coworking advice. 
 Desktime : A space directory covering Austin, Chicago, and New York. “We're trying to change the way people use their workspace, giving people the ability to work from their apartment one afternoon and a bad ass office in the heart of the city the next,” their website says. Offers a directory app that lets users find shared workspaces on their iPhone or Android phone. 
 Share Your Office : This comprehensive worldwide directory is run by pariSoma Innovation Loft and aims to “connect together professionals with a common interest in sharing their offices”. It’s free to search and to post an ad. Also offered as a mobile app that lets users find shared workspaces on their smartphones. 
 WorkSnug : An augmented reality app for your smartphone that lets you view surroundings of various coworking spaces, coffee shops, and provides details on noise levels, Wi-Fi availability, and access to meeting rooms. 
 Open Office Space : Find everything from a shared desk to your standard executive suite and cubicle. Narrow down your search by specifying your budget and the “property type” you’re looking for— from “office” to “industrial” spaces. This site emphasizes form and function over community. 
 Coworking Wiki : Not only does the Coworking Wiki give a background on everything coworking, it also has a directory of various coworking spaces by country. 
 And what if there aren’t any coworking spaces near you? 
 You can start your own! Or, at the very least, organize a  Jelly . A Jelly is an informal gathering in someone’s home, a coffee shop or borrowed office, where people work together independently. It’s like a coworking set-up without the permanent address. 
 
 Coworking’s promise for today’s creator, thinker, worker, and employee is an ambitious one. It claims to help us harness innovation, as well as to unite the laptop-toting telecommuters and independent businesses and organizations out there into a cohesive but fluid community. Such diverse communities under one roof can create thriving places to work. 
 What has your experience with a coworking space been like? 
 Photo by mdanys . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 coworking space ,  coworking space directory 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 coworking (3) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Genevieve DeGuzman  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Genevieve DeGuzman is the lead writer for Night Owls Press, an editorial services and digital publishing company for small businesses and organizations based in San Francisco, CA. With co-author Andrew Tang, she set out to unravel the hype, collecting stories from across the coworking universe in their new book,  ‘Working in the UnOffice: A Guide to Coworking’ . This info-packed guide helps freelancers find and select the perfect space and learn the ropes to adjusting to collaborative environments. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     What Your Freelance Fantasy Says About You & Your Job  
  _ _     What's Your Favorite Work-Themed Movie?  
  _ _     5 Ways to Talk Politics at Work  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 SharedDesks.net  on the 12th November 
 
 Reply   
 What about adding  http://www.SharedDesks.net  to the list? 🙂 
 
 Heidi blogging at Stationery Scoop  on the 15th November 
 
 Reply   
 The Jelly, Loosecube and other concepts are really interesting; have to admit, I hadn't heard of this before. Glad to have read your post and to be encouraged to think about work space a little differently. ~Heidi 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
