Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 4 Sep  2014 
 Temporary Nurse 
 The City of Vantaa -  VANTAA  , FI 
 Job Description 
 Care housing services by the elderly and specific groups of short-term and long-term institutional care around the clock as well as enhanced housing service's. 1,100 residents. 
 Services will be arranged as well as a separate activity that the purchase of services. The City's own homes for the elderly: Metso's home, Myyrinkoti and Simon for the elderly of the village center offering a homely and personalized care housing. We operate in accordance with the principles of primary nursing. Listen to our customers and we are looking for along with workable solutions. We enable the inhabitants of meaningful everyday life, as well as support them in rehabilitation and functional ability in maintaining. 
 City of Vantaa strategy in accordance with the employment of workers who are the cornerstones of friendly service, continuous learning and economic approach. We are constantly developing active in the care of older people living based on evidence mm. making use of the RAI assessment system and supporting the various theses. We have taken care of the induction, training and personnel have enabled autonomous working time and the city's employee benefits. 
 We provide you with the care of older people and professionals interested in the development of challenging work in a good working community. The City of Vantaa is a smoke-free workplace. Job description: Nurse fixed duration task Simonkyla center for the elderly nursing home 2. The department has 22 treatment places and it is profiled in the treatment of dementia residents. We are looking for a cheerful, active and committed nurses who can work with their own actions affect the development and fluency. We appreciate the creative, courageous and open way of working. You can affect your work a multidisciplinary working team leader, we operate in accordance with the omahoitajamallin. 
 We have a silent reporting. We are well positioned to participate in the trainings. Time-limited mission may continue. The area of ​​contract: General social collective agreement. Eligibility Condition: 559/1994 Act § 5 of the legalization. In addition, we require: - flexibility - good interpersonal and communication skills We read in favor of: - drug therapy skills - experience in the care of the elderly Haethan place 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Health Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Temporary . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 4521 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 23 Jan  2021
2. Type
Part-Time
Job
 Transport Nurse 
Location
 HELSINKI  FI
Date Posted
 28 Aug  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Laborant 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 16 Dec  2013 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Live and Visit Finland - Documents Required 
 Finnish Healthcare System - Tenth Best in Europe 
 Working in Finland - General information 
 Oulu - Europe's Sillicon Valley? 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
