Skip to content 
  Work At Home Power  
 Make Life A Little Less Stressful & Save The Commute! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Remote Jobs 
 Mystery Shopping 
 Side Hustles 
 Start A Blog 
 Contact 
 About 
 Newest Job Leads 
 
 Daily Job Leads 4/13/2020 
 April 13, 2020April 13, 2020 by  workathomepower 
 SlingShot:  Customer Service Representative (full time and part time) $11.00 Per Hour 
 Must be a resident in any of the following states: Arizona, Idaho, Nevada, Oklahoma, Texas and Utah 
 We are hiring for both full-time and part-time positions 
 As part of our Customer Service team, you'll interact with customers from across the United States - all from the comfort of your own home! Slingshot CS agents act as ambassadors for the brand and product we represent - answering questions, providing solutions, multitasking while paying attention to detail all while delivering the WOW factor. 
 Requirements 
 What You’ll Do: 
 
 Provide the best darn customer service this side of the Mississippi, and maybe the other side too… 
 Work in the peace of your own home 
 Fielding inbound customer calls and resolving customer care concerns 
 Maintaining and scheduling routes and notifying customers of upcoming services 
 Aiding in data entry, file keeping, and office organization. 
 Keeping accounting records and check logs 
 Ensuring invoices are accurate and that accounts are charged appropriately 
 Learn from a top-notch Customer Service team, dedicated to helping you grow and reach your personal goals 
 
 What You’ve Got: 
 
 
 * A knack for speaking with people who have diverse backgrounds, and different world views
 
 
 Awesome verbal and written communication skills 
 An upbeat and eager attitude; ready to get your boots dirty at a fast pace environment 
 A habit of meeting or exceeding goals 
 Passion for being better tomorrow, than you were today 
 
 
 
 Adventus:  Customer Success Agent 
 Love where you work-from-home! 
 We are looking for independent contractors with customer service experience (call center experience is a plus!) willing to work from home. This position is for customer service/customer retention. Most of our clients have companies with customers on a subscription basis. These customers will call wanting to cancel or get a refund on their order, and your job will be to help retain the client. 
 Each customer service agent will be paid $10 hr plus 5% commission. This opportunity is perfect for anyone affected by this pandemic and would like to make money while staying at home. Stay at home parents, military spouses, teachers, and restaurant wait staff just to name a few that would be good fits. 
 We’re looking to qualify contractors who are: 
 
 
 18 years or older 
 
 
 Willing to work from home 
 
 
 Must have a private and comfortable working area (Desk with a chair) 
 
 
 Minimum 2 years of customer service experience (call center experience a plus!) 
 
 
 Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and sales 
 
 
 Computer skills including navigating multiple tabs, windows and systems 
 
 
 Basic typing skills 
 
 
 Strong written skills 
 
 
 Comfortable empathizing and remaining patient with difficult callers 
 
 
 Must have a computer 
 
 
 Newer desktop computer (no older than three years) with up-to-date software including at least Windows 7 minimum 
 
 
 Must have an active email account 
 
 
 Must have high-speed Internet hardwired (not Wi-Fi) 10Mbps download and 5Mbps upload 
 
 
 Must have a USB noise canceling headset (can be purchased on Amazon/Walmart) 
 
 
 Must be able to commit to our training class for 2 weeks Monday - Friday 9am-5pm. It will be done over the computer, still no need to leave your house : ) 
 
 
 **Next Training class starts 4/20! Don't miss out! 
 If you comply with the minimum requirements, please forward you resume! 
 Experience: 
 
 relevant: 1 year (Preferred) 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Voatz:  Customer Success Agent 
 Voatz is a high-growth, venture-backed company based in Boston, Massachusetts. We are an eclectic, passionate group of people working to change democracy by changing the way the world votes. Backed by cutting-edge technology, the Voatz mobile voting platform has been used in more than 50 elections, voting events and locations, with more in store for this year. 
 We are looking for a motivated, talented, energetic  Customer Success Agent  to join our Customer Success Team to address customer needs and to work with our ticketing system as we enter a high-volume period with multiple elections. 
 This is an exciting and incredible opportunity to work on the front lines and communicate directly with voters via email, chat or over the phone, and to make voting possible in these times. You’ll be the virtual poll worker of the future, working at the direct nexus of democracy, technology, access, and the future of our elections. 
 What you’ll be doing: 
 
 
 * Correspond with existing customers to help navigate signing up, verifying and voting with Voatz
 
 
 Flexible, remote hourly work with our online ticketing system to support and coach voters via multiple channels (email, phone, online chat) 
 Tracking support ticket activity, troubleshooting with voters, assisting with navigating the application with ease 
 Problem solving and offering suggestions on how to best use the application 
 Updating and improving customer and internal support documentation 
 Availability, willingness and flexibility to work nights and weekends 
 
 
 
 What we are looking for: 
 
 
 * 1-3 years customer service experience preferred, but not required (i.e. customer support, tech support, hospitality, service industry, etc.)
 
 
 Experience, familiarity and agility with apps, data, analysis and/or technology 
 Exceptional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills 
 Demonstrate empathy, resourcefulness, sound judgment, patience and drive 
 Ability to manage multiple workflows simultaneously. 
 Comfortable with web-based software tools such as ZenDesk and Slack 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while keeping your sense of humor 
 Interest in, and passion for leveraging tech to enable a secure, engaged democracy 
 
 
 
 Details: 
 
 Hourly remote work on phones and support ticketing system 
 Hiring immediately 
 Candidate must have access to a laptop and excellent Wifi 
 
 AT & T:  Customer Technical Support Representative Work from Home 
 As a Customer Technical Support Representative you’ll offer customized solutions, identify sales opportunities and provide service for millions of customers – one at a time. You’ll be a part of an award-winning team that passionately cares about customers, and your expert recommendations will help them get the most out of the technology they love. 
 What does it take to deliver best-in-class service and technology? 
 
 Excellent communication skills, professionalism and a desire to close the deal on sales. 
 You’ll handle customer service calls ranging from billing and payments to plan changes and upgrades. 
 While you offer solutions and resolve issues, you’ll work to transition each call to a sales opportunity; working to meet daily and monthly sales goals. 
 Your consultative approach to customers’ needs will deliver personalized recommendations of AT&T products and services. 
 
 What’s in it for you? 
 We’ll offer paid-training that you’ll complete from home as well as resources to encourage your career growth.  Do you have prior customer service/sales experience or a college degree?  If so, you may be eligible for higher pay. 
 
 This position has been designated an optional Work from Home opportunity due to COVID-19 and will transition into an AT&T location in the future. As a reminder, you will pick up equipment from a designated AT&T location and be required to have internet service already in your home. 
 
 ChowNow  :   Temporary Customer Support Representative 
 Full-time, Temporary, Contract - Remote (temporarily available, COVID-19) 
 In this role you will assist our restaurant partners by providing basic phone support and account settings adjustments. 
 Specifically you will answer inbound calls regarding the addition or removal of menu items and adjusted hours or temporary closures. You will also be responsible for order refund requests that are sent from our tablet. 
 This is a 2 month contract with the possibility to go full-time based on performance in the role. Due to the safety and health of our staff during COVID-19 shelter in place, this role is work from home. We will provide you with all of the hardware you need to be successful, including internet reimbursement. 
 About the Team: 
 ChowNow is unique among tech startups in the restaurant space. We power branded online ordering systems for independent restaurants across North America – via websites, Facebook, Google, and through branded iOS and Android apps – and we do it all for a reasonable monthly fee regardless of order volume. We operate this way because of our belief in being fair, sustainable, and equitable with our restaurant partners. And the same goes for our workplace. 
 Diversity, teamwork, and mutual respect are among our core company values. And we pride ourselves on giving our teams plenty of opportunities to make their mark. To date we’ve created over 14,000 apps for our restaurant partners – something that’s never been done before in our category. And as we expand to new markets, further spreading the word about the ChowNow difference, those opportunities to create, build, and grow will only increase. If this sounds like the kind of workplace, and the kind of mission, that appeals to you, we’d love to talk. 
 You should apply If: 
 
 You have a solid foundation in customer service, with strong communication skills. Past experience in technical customer service (email, phone, chat or live) is definitely a plus, but not required. 
 You are smart, independent, self-motivated, empathetic, passionate about supporting our customers, and a team player even in stressful situations. 
 You’re incredibly organized, detail-oriented, and are capable of handling multiple responsibilities at the same time, specifically a high-volume of inbound phone calls. 
 You have a mindset for using technology and can quickly learn how to use new tools. 
 
 Blue Summit Insurance  - Dallas, TX: Licensed Health Insurance Agent 
 We are constantly looking for unique opportunities in the industry that provide agents the ability to make money while helping the clients they serve. We think we’ve found something that’s different from anything else you have seen or heard about in the market. It’s not for everyone but for those that make the effort and are willing to be trained the rewards are immense. This carrier is crushing it and their current agents are making a ton of money and so can you. Here are a few features we really like: 
 
 Ground floor opportunity. No other carrier has this product and they are contracting a limited number of agents. 
 Carrier provides a selling system, not just an appointment. You will be trained who to contact, what to say, how to overcome objections, help with enrollment, tremendous back office support, etc. This is a turnkey system. 
 All products are guarantee issue with no participation requirements. 
 Affordable plan designs for any budget. 
 Great level lifetime commission with advances available. 
 Non-captive 
 Leads available 
 Huge untapped and underserved market. They’re initially targeting truckers because of an overwhelming need but this product is available for all small businesses. 
 Experience:
 
 insurance sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 phone sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 
 
 License: 
 * A valid Health License (Required)
 
 Categories  workathomepower  Tags  chat jobs ,  debt free ,  free work at home job leads ,  Remote Jobs ,  work at home job leads ,  work at home jobs ,  work at home power ,  work from home virtual jobs  Post navigation 
 Daily Job Leads 4/10/2020 
 Daily Job Leads 4/14/2020 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Order Your Color Street Valentine Nail Sets Today! 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 Newest Job Leads 12/23/2020 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 
 (C) 2021 Work At Home Power • Built with  GeneratePress 
