Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Lab Technologist - Molecular Genetics 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 As an integral member of the Laboratory team, the MEDICAL LABORATORY TECHNOLOGIST responsibilities include: performing laboratory procedures for all disciplines and functions and ensuring the completion of assigned workload; operating, troubleshooting and maintaining cleanliness of laboratory equipment and work area; preparing written and electronic reports required to document procedures and test results; participating in teaching, educational, safety and quality improvement programs; observing and understanding Hospital and departmental policies and procedures; adhering to Hospital and departmental mission and value statements while maintaining patient confidentiality; performing cross-functional duties, as assigned, or requested; performing other duties related to and consistent with the job classification, as required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Completion of a recognized MLT - Molecular Genetics program 
Current registration with the College of Medical Laboratory Technologists (CMLTO) in Molecular Genetics required 
Current clinical laboratory experience in Molecular Genetics preferred 
Demonstrates ability to develop skill and knowledge in all areas of the laboratory (on-the-job experience) 
Knowledge of the theory and practice of laboratory procedures, instruments, equipment and special techniques (on-the-job experience), in assigned area 
Excellent problem recognition and problem solving-skills 
Effective time management skills; ability to organize work and set priorities 
Effective verbal and written communication skills 
Computer literacy 
Ability to work effectively as a team member 
Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a fast paced environment 
Ability to work accurately under stressful conditions 
Knowledge of applicable Hospital and departmental policies, procedures, guidelines, protocols and practices 
Demonstrated commitment to continuing education 
Ability to coach technical staff 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 POSTED DATE:  August 22, 2019 CLOSING DATE: August 29 , 2019 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
