
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job Search  / Job Interview Advice for Prospective Expats 
 Job Interview Advice for Prospective Expats 
 There are so many great  job opportunities abroad , and a large part of the work comes before you even find the right position. Combing through job sites can be a full-time job in and of itself, along with perfecting your resume and networking to make sure that your name makes it to the top of the pile. 
 If you put in the work and find the right fit, you'll be moved into the interview phase. Interviews for jobs abroad can be different from other job interviews, and it is important to put in a little extra prep work to make sure that you are fully prepared. 
 People who hire from outside of a host country to fill positions are generally looking for two things: someone who can be successful in the job, and someone who will be comfortable in a foreign culture, and is willing to be pushed outside of their comfort zone. To that end, most interview questions will fall into one of three categories: skills assessment, personality fit/drive, ability to work abroad. 
 Keep these three categories in mind while you are preparing for the job interview, and look online for practice interviews and sample questions to help you get started (there are some great resources below). Another element of the interview to keep in mind, which is especially important if you are interviewing over the phone or Skype, is small talk. 
 Why does small talk matter? Let's face it - phone and video interviews can be a bit awkward. Without visual cues from your interviewer, you can expect to have a few moments where there is either silence, or people start talking at the same time. It's ok! Most people who conduct business via the Internet experience this, but as the interviewee, there are ways to make the first moments of the phone interview set the stage for a smooth conversation. 
 First of all, make sure that you know a little bit about the person interviewing you. That way once you get on the phone and say hello, you are also ready to dive into another conversation about the person's history with the organization, hobbies or anything else that might be appropriate. This is especially important during conference calls - with many people calling in, you might have a few minutes at the beginning to fill before everyone has had a chance to call in. 
 Another important element of a job interview for an overseas job is knowing as much as possible about your potential host country. Make sure that you have done research, subscribed to relevant blogs and read newspapers from that country, so that you can engage your interviewer in thoughtful discussion about current events. Imagine interviewing someone who wasn't aware of a recent bank holiday, religious observance or long weekend? Current events can also serve as a resource for small talk topics! 
 If you're looking for more resources to prepare for your  work abroad  job interview, check out these websites to help you with practice questions and tips for success: 
 
 Jobs in the Sun  focuses on fun jobs in the Caribbean and other tropical climates, and has created a handy list of  50 popular interview questions for jobs abroad . Many of the questions on the list deal with relocation and living in a foreign country, while others are typical job interview questions for any type of position. This is a great resource if you are interviewing for an entry-level position abroad. 
 Quint Careers  offers some more practical advice, for everything from the  international job search  to securing the interview. If you have already landed a phone interview and are looking for ways to maximize your effectiveness on a long-distance call, check out their article on  phone interview etiquette . 
 Working Overseas  gives a comprehensive view of all elements of landing the interview, from who your interviewer might be, tactics for answering questions, and examples of “situational” interview questions. 
 If you are considering including a recruitment fair in your job search, check out these tips for teach abroad fair interview etiquette at  Overseas Digest . While many of the questions are teaching-specific, the information can be easily applied to recruitment fairs of any type! 
 
 Finally, the best resource for preparing for job interview is speaking directly with a hiring manager. If you know anyone who has been in charge of a job search, make a point to talk to them about what they were looking for, and candidates who impressed (or didn't impress) them during their interview. Whether that interview was for a job abroad or not, you gain very useful insight about the interview process from someone who has experienced it from the other side. 
 Filed Under:  Job Search  Tagged With:  go abroad ,  job interview ,  Job Search ,  work abroad 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
