The Barefoot Bookworm 
 The Barefoot Bookworm 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About the Bee Bee 
 Contact 
 Hire 
 
 Free Work 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag: Career 
 Posted on  July 29, 2015August 4, 2015  by  The Barefoot Bookworm  *  1 Comment 
 "Holding so much hourly work is selfish". 
 I freelance on Upwork and visit the community forum every once in a while. Today was one of those times. That's how I noticed a post in the forum, made by a fellow freelancer: 
 
 Basically some of the Veteran freelance are kept on  Farming hourly work  although they already have so much in list, this is a nice strategy in securing income but too selfish for those freelance with no work and newbies. Hourly job count should be limit into a small number. 
 
 (Emphasis theirs.) 
 Naturally, this led to a rather "spirited"  debate  in the forum, with a lot of critics talking about free market economics and basically shutting the OP down with the equivalent of "It's called Capitalism, stoopid." (Also: grammar snobbery, which I don't truck with anyway.) 
 What's a social democrat to do? 
 My comment on the situation: 
 First of all, why assume each one of those hourly contracts is active? I've got some 7 hourly contracts and all but two of them basically function as a retainer of sorts. Weekly hours worked are on a sliding scale, going up and down as the clients need. So why do I still have them? Because the clients like what I do, they trust me to do it, and we've both invested in a working relationship that stretches back years now. 
 I'm a bleeding heart liberal but this isn't just the free market working-this is individual autonomy and freedom to choose and to consent, to enter only into the relationships we want. Newsflash: clients who want to work with other people  work with other people ! Why should those who don't be forced to find someone else just because one project ended? Why should the freelancers they prefer to stick with be made to feel guilty for not "cutting them loose"? What, would you also suggest that because it's so hard to find love in this world, all romantic relationships should have a built-in expiry date and it's selfish to be in a long-term relationship (don't even get me started about polyamory) when there are so many single people in the world? 
 Clients are not text on screen and a nice wad of cash in your bank account. As freelancers, we don't deal with "money"/"jobs"/tasks. We deal directly with real, live, human beings.  People are not currency  to be passed around and redistributed in the interest of "fairness". Relationships matter. They might in fact be the most important determinant of job success. You can learn to code, write, draw, manage-whatever hard skills you have, they can be standardized, measured, and improved through a clearly defined learning program. But your job is not to push pixels around. Your job is to help someone. You might be able to become a better PHP programmer after reading a technical book, but you can't just become a better communicator overnight because you read a book about communication. And personality? Forget about it-nobody can pick up a book and just "learn" to have a different personality. That match is precious and I can understand why freelancers and clients would both be reluctant to give it up. 
 But hey, for all this,  I still   don 't get paid for hours I don't log -if a client won't need anything from me till October, does that mean I don't have any bills to pay till October? I don't only exist when somebody messages me either. I have to eat, too. So yes, if I see a project I like that sounds like something I want to commit myself to, I go for it. If the feeling is mutual, I get the job. 
 Quit shaming people for being honest and autonomous in who they work with and how. There are real problems with the freelance economy, but these things aren't those problems. The one contract "arrangement" I find objectionable is when (often veteran) contractors bid and win a project because of course they're overqualified for it, but then they secretly subcontract it to newbies/less 'visible' freelancers. I feel this exploits both the client (who paid to have YOU work on it) and the subcontractor (who doesn't get a smidgeon of credit, and only a fraction of the budget the original client allocated for the job, despite all their hard work). That's about it. 
 Transparent, mutually consensual and respectful long-term working relationships are neither exploitation nor unethical. They are something to aspire to as a personal and professional goal. Redirect that energy to finding people who are looking to work with someone like you. And once you find each other, you might also discover you'd rather not work with random other people either. 
 Posted on  July 17, 2014July 17, 2014  by  The Barefoot Bookworm  *  9 Comments 
 This or That: "Valuable Content Marketing" vs "Blog, Podcast, Google, Sell" 
 My parents are successful doctors who worked their way up on the basis of-here comes that golden word-merit. For 22 years of my life, the only "real" job was in Medicine or its orbit. (Here's looking at you, Dentistry!) Everything else existed in gradations of its similarity to Medicine and Business in particular was a mysterious realm on the fringe of reality, possibly inhabited by dubious characters who moved around money not unlike turning fistfuls of sand into towering mountains. In other words, no good could possibly come out of such sorcery and it would be best to stay as far away from it as my salt o' the earth breeding could carry me. 
 Fast forward to 2014, and here I am. A former dental student, freelancing online as a content manager, SMM, SEO monkey, marketer, webmaster-whatever you throw at me. And writing (or hoping to write) on the side. I am in that shadowy place. And I'm staying. 
 But old habits die hard. Having been raised to believe you must read a LOT of books and pass a LOT of exams before you can even begin to call yourself competent, let alone practice, the Barefoot Bookworm found herself perpetually racked by guilt on account of I HAVEN'T STUDIED THIS SH*T. This coupled with bibliophilia and nerdy genes perfectly explains the buying spree I went on wherein I ended up with a number of books to give myself a crash course in everything I ought to know to do my job. Knowing full well other people either attend 4-6 years of undergrad school + internships or spend years in apprenticeship or both. (Refusing to let that intimidate me-I know my own drive and intelligence well enough.) 
 The good thing is, I can now say which books were rubbish and which weren't. I spent my money so you don't have to. Presenting, my first book smackdown: 
 Specs 
 Title: Subtitle 
 |  Valuable Content Marketing: 
 How to Make Quality Content the Key to Your Business Success  |  Blog, Podcast, Google, Sell: 
 The Complete Guide to Making Online Profit 
---|---|--- 
 Author(s) 
 |  Sonja Jefferson  ; 
 Sharon Tanton  |  Cresta Norris 
 Publisher 
 |  Kogan Page  |  Kogan Page 
 Year/Edition 
 |  2013  (probably reprint) |  2012; Indian 
 Pages/Format 
 |  234  ;  Paperback  |  170; Paperback 
 Price (in PKR; may vary) 
 |  Rs. 995   -20% online discount  |  Rs. 595   -20% online discount 
 Retailer 
 |  Readings Pakistan  |  Readings Pakistan 
 Currently in Stock? 
 |  Yes  |  No 
 Pros 
 Both books target the same audience: mainly businesspeople, particularly DIYers and those with small businesses. A broad adjunct aim is to be a good stepping stone for fledgling digital marketers, with a focus on content marketing. Pages aren't littered with jargon and abbreviations aren't casually thrown around: the aim of the authors is NOT to make themselves sound smart but to pass on what they genuinely believe you should know. So far so good 
 Valuable Content Marketing  is organized well and each chapter is rounded out with quotes, tips, bullets, examples plus the hows-and-whys of content marketing. The language flows along smoothly and never gets too dense, while still managing to convey information most professionals would appreciate. There's a lot of solid advice here despite the fact this was written somewhere in 2012, and a number of best practices. The book is unapologetic in its approach and you can expect a few dearly held assumptions to be ripped apart. The book quotes a number of digital marketing notables, asking their advice and adding value to material you wouldn't find online unless you devoted months to trawling archives, reading newsletters, infographics, case studies and whatever made-for-professionals material you could get your hands on just so your feet could hit the ground running. (Like I did. But the letters "ROI" still give me sleepless nights.) 
 My advice to someone else starting out now? Save yourself the time. Get a good, comprehensive book. (Then keep learning unless you want to be a digital marketer for exactly 2 months.) 
 Blog, Podcast, Google  … is not much different in terms of organization but it is more condensed, with several different things collected according to the stage when you need to focus on them during the process of establishing your online business. This makes it easier to read as an action plan for the uninitiated. The text seems crammed on to the pages at times, but the author makes an effort to keep it as simple as possible. She also includes tables, checklists, the whole shebang and a LOT of in-depth case studies-with a special focus on small (sometimes very small) businesses. For example, there's a heartening one about the woman who sells mulch (and worms) and found success by tapping into her niche audience. Unfortunately, for the great number of companies that don't sell crap (at least they say they don't ;P ) and don't have the advantage of a sharply defined niche plus low competition, this doesn't really help much. 
 Cons 
 Valuable Content Marketing  is written by two authors, one of whom runs a digital marketing enterprise geared towards serving professional firms; the other is a copywriter with cross-platform content/communications production experience and, as the blurb says, "a background in telling stories".  Blog, Podcast, Google  is written by an online marketer who has mainly content production experience with the BBC. The difference shows. 
 Blog, Podcast, Google  provides nothing you wouldn't be able to find online for free. It's also, understandably, guilty of oversimplification. I love websites but it's 2014: you DON'T have to devote entire sections to explaining what they are or that you can use them for business. I already know I can use the Internet for business-that's why I bought the book, right? Additionally, a number of statements the author makes are not quite true in practice: I  wish  visitors always landed on the home page first, but the way the Internet works, they're more likely to hit whatever random page Google deemed good enough or got a couple of hundred shares. This can increase or decrease depending on the nature of your business/online presence but unless you're a household name, you have to make sure all your pages are independently optimized to coax visitors further along your sales funnel. THAT is why you need to drop the idea that the homepage is where your visitors start from, unless you want people clicking away before they even reach it. 
 Verdict 
 Get this:- 
 Click to Visit the Authors' Website 
 Either way, Kogan Page makes money. But you come away with a guide to the big bad world of content marketing that you can use as a base for years to come. 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Sep 
 Readers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimer: 
 Unless stated otherwise, all material on this blog is  original  and copyright belongs to the author, as do all opinions expressed herein. Any resemblance to persons alive or dead is purely coincidental unless stated otherwise. Wherever possible, I've credited sources but if I miss something please tell me. 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,652 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Navigation 
 
 Reading 
 
 Book Reviews 
 Excerpts 
 Reading List 
 Wish List 
 Bookworm Basics 
 
 Bookshops 
 Reading Groups 
 Software 
 Websites and Blogs 
 
 
 
 
 Coursework 
 
 Beaconhouse National University 
 
 School of Media and Mass Communication 
 
 English Writing Skills 
 
 
 
 
 Coursera 
 
 Mt. San Jacinto College 
 
 Crafting an Effective Writer 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 
 A' Levels 
 
 General Paper 
 Psychology 
 
 
 O' Levels 
 
 English Language 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 Poetry 
 Fiction 
 
 Prose 
 
 Short Stories 
 Sketches 
 Plays 
 Chapters 
 
 
 
 
 Non-Fiction 
 
 Journalism 
 
 Articles 
 Interviews 
 
 
 Briefs 
 Creative Non-Fiction 
 Diary 
 Essays 
 
 
 
 
 Scrapbook 
 
 Artwork 
 
 Photography 
 
 
 News 
 Quotations 
 Reblogs 
 
 
 Miscellany 
 
 Assorted Geekery 
 Doodles 
 Food 
 Games 
 Movies 
 Letters and Chats 
 Scraps 
 Quizzes 
 Tips 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 Activism   Art   Blogging   Business   Career   Cultural relativism   Culture   Current Affairs   Ethics   Feminism   History   Human Rights   Humor   Intersectional Politics   LGBTIQA   Lists   Literature   Love   Marketing   Politics   Professional Development   Published   Religion   Romantic Fiction   Science Fiction   Sexuality   Speculative Fiction   Tech   Teen and YA Fiction   Web Development 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
