
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Here's the deal: Shaper is looking for an Ux/UI Designer - Tool to reimagine digital design with physical design in our San Francisco, CA, USA office. This is not a drill... 
 About 
 Founded in 2012 and based in San Francisco, Shaper is developing a revolutionary line of computer-augmented power tools, starting with a handheld CNC router called Origin. We’re looking for a talented UI/UX Designer to help us continue to refine Origin into a highly intuitive and productive tool whilst helping us uncover new opportunities in human involved robotics and digital fabrication. 
 About the Role: 
As a UI/UX designer, you will work cross-functionally with Product Management and Engineering to solve complex and nuanced problems with simple solutions. We want you to help us build Origin into a highly capable handheld tool without conflating the word “capable” with “complex”. You’ll help us concept and build new features for Origin which introduce new functionality to the tool and address customer needs in a wide range of woodworking disciplines. You'll also help us explore design and fabrication beyond Origin and have your say in the future of digitally augmented power tools. 
 Where You’ll Work: 
You’ll join our team in our new workspace in San Francisco's SoMa district. You’ll have access to our 5000 square foot workshop which is fully kitted out with all the woodworking machinery you could ever wish for (including Origin). 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7659-shaper-ux-ui-designer-tool  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, After Effects, CNC, Figma 
 Date Posted 
 November 5, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Korin Harris 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
