Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Freelance Resume Writer- FOR IMMEDIATE HIRE! 
 Talent Inc. 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Are you looking for the flexibility to work when and where you want? Do you love to write and help people? 
 You’re who Talent Inc. is looking for! 
 At Talent Inc, we have hundreds of freelance resume writers working to help thousands of job seekers land their dream jobs. 
 What You’ll Do 
 
 
 Work with who you want, when you want: using our tailor-made platform, you’ll select your clients and work with them to craft their new resumes, cover letters and LinkedIn profiles 
 
 
 Work as much or as little as you’d like: create your own schedule with a minimum of 3 completed orders per month and a max of 5 open orders at any given time 
 
 
 Navigate our platform designed specifically with writers in mind to include all of the tools and support you’ll need to be a success! 
 
 
 Who You Are 
 
 
 A talented writer with an exceptional eye for detail 
 
 
 A seasoned professional with 3+ years’ experience with business terminology 
 
 
 Strong communication skills 
 
 
 Desire to help others achieve their career goals. 
 
 
 Microsoft Office proficient (tables, styles, paragraph spacing, colors, etc.) 
 
 
 Self-starter with superb time management and organization skills 
 
 
 **Benefits & Perks ** 
 
 
 Support from our global community of editors, writers, and customer care professionals 
 
 
 Access to industry-leading writing tools and services 
 
 
 Total control over which customers and orders you work with 
 
 
 Endless flexibility with on-demand access to projects to fit any schedule with the freedom of remote work 
 
 
 Ability to earn up to $3,400 USD a month 
 
 
 Job Types: Contract, Freelance 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus Pay 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
