  
 
 Pelonkey, Inc 
 Online Events & Entertainment Marketplace 
 Navigation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 
 Tag Archives: pelonkey job opportunities 
 Post navigation 
 Pelonkey is seeking a Social Media Intern! 
 Posted on  August 1, 2014  by  Pelonkey 
 Pelonkey  is a secure on line business platform and marketplace for freelance entertainers and event planners. We provide performing artists the tools they need to conduct all of their business on line, from sending and securing contracts, creating invoices, access to merchant accounts and free legal advice, to commissions and promotion opportunities. 
 
 We are searching for a bright and committed individual to handle various aspects of Pelonkey’s social media platforms. This would be a part-time internship of 15-25 hours per week. 
 Requirements  : 
 
 
 Must be studying or have a degree in Marketing/Sales, PR, Social Media, Communications, or a related field. 
 
 
 Quick learner, flexible, passionate, organized, creative, reliable and punctual. Bring ideas to the table. Social butterflies preferred! 
 
 
 Willing and available to attend networking events and represent our company with passion! 
 
 
 Need to have experience working within various social media platforms such as WordPress, Facebook, Twitter, Google +, RSS, SEO, etc. 
 
 
 Must have excellent writing and composition skills. 
 
 
 Responsibilities  : 
 
 
 Help develop social media strategies to attract new interest. 
 
 
 Compose original content to be posted to all Pelonkey social media platforms that is relevant, timely, creative, informative, and catered to the correct audience on each different platform. 
 
 
 Work directly with Pelonkey COO to make sure information is in line with both short term and long term goals for the company. 
 
 
 Attend various networking and social events where brand knowledge is 
 
 
 Research trending articles/topics important to our company, the industry, or what we are trying to accomplish that would be worthwhile for our audience to read. 
 
 
 Attend weekly and monthly meetings with the Pelonkey team to ensure that our social media content reflects our goals. 
 
 
 If interested, please reach out to  ciera@pelonkey.com  with a short paragraph telling us about yourself, why you would like to be considered for this internship, what prior experience with social media you have, hobbies that interest you, and what kind of music you dig. Pelonkey has an awesome team of dedicated, hardworking people who love the company and are committed to its success. This is a great way to dive into the events and entertainment industry and have a fun time building your resume! 
 Posted in  Opportunities ,  Pelonkey Staff  Tagged  business ,  business platform ,  chief operations officer ,  ciera gallub ,  ciera gallub pelonkey ,  ciera pelonkey ,  commissions ,  communications ,  contracts ,  coo ,  coo ciera gallub ,  dc entertainers ,  dc event planners ,  dc freelance entertainers ,  dc freelancers ,  dc interns ,  dc network ,  dc networking ,  dc networking events ,  dc resume building opportunities ,  dc social events ,  dc social media ,  digital marketplace ,  entertainers ,  entertainment industry ,  event planners ,  events and entertainment industry ,  events industry ,  Facebook ,  free legal ,  free legal advice ,  freelance entertainers ,  freelancers ,  goals ,  google + ,  google plus ,  hobbies ,  industry ,  instagram ,  intern network ,  interns ,  invoices ,  legal ,  legal advice ,  long term goals ,  marketing ,  marketplace ,  merchant accounts ,  music ,  network ,  networking events ,  on line social media ,  part time ,  part time intern ,  part time labor ,  pelonkey ,  pelonkey business ,  pelonkey business platform ,  pelonkey chief operations officer ,  pelonkey commissions ,  pelonkey contracts ,  pelonkey coo ,  pelonkey coo ciera gallub ,  pelonkey dc ,  pelonkey entertainers ,  pelonkey event planners ,  pelonkey events ,  pelonkey freelancers ,  pelonkey goals ,  pelonkey inc ,  pelonkey inc dc ,  pelonkey interns ,  pelonkey invoices ,  pelonkey job opportunities ,  pelonkey legal ,  pelonkey legal advice ,  pelonkey merchant accounts ,  pelonkey network ,  pelonkey networking ,  pelonkey networking events ,  pelonkey opportunites ,  pelonkey social events ,  pelonkey social media ,  pelonkey social media platforms ,  pelonkey social media strategies ,  pelonkey staff ,  pelonkey washington dc ,  pr ,  promotions ,  public relations ,  resume ,  resume building ,  resume building opportunities ,  RSS ,  sales ,  SEO ,  short term goals ,  social butterfly ,  social events ,  social media ,  social media platforms ,  social media strategies ,  twitter ,  wordpress   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Beauty and the Beatz is cooler than you 
 techsytalk LIVE 2016 
 Meet BlueCart 
 Event Planner Appreciation 
 
 Follow Pelonkey on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Categories 
 
 business trip 
 conference 
 DC DJs 
 DC tech 
 Events 
 Las Vegas 
 New York 
 Opportunities 
 Pelonkey Advisory Board 
 Pelonkey Bands 
 Pelonkey DJs 
 Pelonkey Entertainers 
 Pelonkey Events 
 Pelonkey Partners 
 Pelonkey Staff 
 Pelonkey Team 
 Pelonkey Tips 
 Pelonkey Travel 
 Pelonkey Venues 
 Press 
 startups 
 tech conference 
 tech startups 
 Travel 
 Uncategorized 
 Vegas 
 Vegas tech 
 Washington DC Events 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
