Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Training Specialist (Product Lifecycle Management) 
 Irving Shipbuilding 
 __Dartmouth, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Irving Shipbuilding Inc., located at 3099 Barrington Street Halifax NS B3K 5M7, is part of the J.D. Irving Group of companies and is in the business of building quality ships and repairing vessels. The company’s primary site is Halifax Shipyard, with three other locations in the Maritime Provinces. Irving Shipbuilding is currently working on a number of significant projects for the Department of National Defence. 
 This position will be responsible for developing training plans, develop training material and deliver training for the Product Lifecycle Management implementation. 
 This position will report to the Technical Training Manager and will be responsible for: 
 Responsibilities: 
Deliver individual and group training covering technical and operational aspects for the Product Lifecycle Management implementation. 
Develop training programs and/or utilize vendor training programs, which meet ISI’s goals and objectives. 
Create training outlines and determine teaching methods, specific to effectiveness of training methods such as individual training, group instructions, lectures, demonstrations, conferences, meetings, and workshops. 
Select or create training aids, including training handbooks, demonstration models, multimedia visual aids, and computer tutorials. 
Evaluates effectiveness of training and development programs and utilizes relevant evaluation data to revise or recommend changes in instructional objectives and methods. 
Create training needs analysis and provide advice on training for system change and upgrades 
Develop and implement strategies and tools in collaboration with Change Management to enable to business to lead and influence change adoption 
 Qualifications & Experience: 
Degree or other tertiary qualifications in a discipline of Business or equivalent experience 
 5+ years of adult teaching and/or facilitating experience 
Positive attitude and a willingness to learn 
Ability to plan and prioritize work 
Strong communication skills with internal and external stakeholders 
Excellent understanding of delivering training practices 
Previous practical experience working with data and reporting 
Strong MS Office skills 
Excellent communication skills - listening, written and oral 
An understanding of Java, Windows based desktops and web technologies 
Strong customer service focus with excellent communication skills 
Ability to demonstrate systems analysis skills, critical thinking and problem solving 
 Experience in the following fields: 
Engineering and/or Project Management on large and complex defense engineering projects 
Coordination with a complex organization 
Product Lifecycle Management or Windchill experience is desirable. 
Strong Technical skills and familiarity with DND/RCN terminology 
All successful applicants must meet requirements for Canadian Controlled Goods Program (CGP), Canadian Government Security clearance, and U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). 
 What We Offer: 
Irving Shipbuilding is proud to offer a competitive salary and benefits package, including but not limited to medical, dental, and vision 
A flexible medical, dental, and vision plan; 
Employee & Family Assistance Programs; 
RRSP matching program; 
 Health & Wellness reimbursements: 
Opportunities to take part in job related training and development; 
Growth and progression opportunities within Irving Shipbuilding and the larger network of the JD Irving group of companies. 
 To Apply for this Career Opportunity: 
Please complete the online application form. An up-to-date resume of past experience and education is required. 
 All applications will be reviewed by one of our recruiters. If the recruiter sees a potential opportunity (current or future) that matches your skills and experience, you will be contacted to discuss your qualifications for a position with Irving Shipbuilding 
 We thank all candidates for their interest, however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
