 World Business Chicago  
 
 
 About 
 
 About Chicago
 
  Key Industries  
  Business Climate  
  Workforce & Education  
  Central Location  
  Economy  
  Cost of Doing Business  
  Innovation & Entrepreneurship  
  Global Ties  
  Quality of Life  
 
 
 About WBC
 
  Who We Are & How We Help  
  Board of Directors  
  Staff  
  2020 Chicago Consular Corps Gala  
  Work Here  
  Fellowship Program  
  Partner With Us  
  Annual Report  
  Contact Us  
 
 
 Our Services
 
  Business Location & Expansion  
  Research & Data  
 
 
 COVID-19
 
  COVID-19 Response  
 
 
 
 
 
 Initiatives 
 
 Core Initiatives
 
  Blackstone Inclusive Entrepreneurship Challenge  
  Chicago Venture Summit  
  ThinkChicago  
  Business Location & Expansion  
  ChicagoMade  
  ChicagoNEXT  
  Chicago Sister Cities International  
  Global Economic Partnerships  
  Chicago Anchors for a Strong Economy (CASE)  
  Neighborhood and Strategic Initiatives  
 
 
 Other Partnerships
 
  Current  
  MATTER  
  Riverwalk  
 
 
 
 
 
 News & Events 
 
 Research & Data
 
  Research & Data  
  Newsletters  
 
 
 Media
 
  Press Releases  
  Media Inquiries  
  Contact Us  
 
 
 Events
 
  Upcoming Events  
  Past Events  
  2020 Chicago Consular Corps Gala  
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 World Business Chicago and Mayor Emanuel Announce Fellowship Program to Advance Chicago’s Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs 
 
 _ _ Oct 1, 2012 
 _ _  Press Releases 
 _ _ Header Photo:   Share:  
 
 News
 
  All News  
  Newsletter Articles  
  Press Releases  
  WBC in the News  
  Editorials  
  By the Numbers  
 
 
 
 Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and World Business Chicago (WBC) today announced that  applications are now being accepted  for a new  Fellowship Program  to support Chicago’s  Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs . Fellows will have the opportunity to shape the region’s economic future, while gaining unmatched hands-on leadership experience implementing the strategies of the Plan. 
 “One of Chicago’s biggest strengths is its talented workforce,” said Mayor Emanuel. “This new Fellowship Program allows us to tap some of the best and the brightest minds – and engage our city’s future leaders. The Fellows will help shape Chicago’s economic development by implementing the Plan’s key economic growth initiatives, which are essential to for the City to compete in the global economy.” 
 Since being announced last February, The Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs has generated acclaim for its detailed analysis of the region’s assets and weaknesses. The Plan serves as a blueprint for the region’s economic development efforts and includes transformative strategies for economic growth and job creation. 
 "This is a great opportunity for corporations and their young rising stars to contribute to the growth and vitality of the city," said Michael Sacks, vice chairman of World Business Chicago, the Plan’s oversight organization. "This program will help develop the next generation of civic minded leaders, connecting talented individuals to one another and to the most important economic development efforts taking place." 
 Already, ten companies have committed Fellows to the program. Those companies include Comcast, Deloitte, DeVry, Ernst & Young, Grainger, Mesirow Financial, Reznick Group, Sagence Group, United Airlines and Zurich North America. 
 The first full group of Fellows, on loan pro bono from sponsor organizations for a three-to-six-month period beginning in January, will gain unique access to public and private sector networks and have the chance to greatly impact Chicago. In turn, the city will benefit from highly-skilled talent, with the proven ability to enact significant plans and initiatives. Former director of the White House Internship Program, Melissa McNeal, was hired to run the Fellows Program. 
 “We are fortunate to have an incredibly engaged business community in Chicago,” said Rita Athas, president of World Business Chicago. “Our private sector’s loyalty to Chicago is imperative to our economic development efforts, and this Fellowship Program will provide one more way for our corporate community to give back and help advance our city.” 
 “The Fellows program is a natural fit for Ernst & Young," said Kelly Grier, Ernst & Young LLP's Chicago Office Managing Partner. "We are committed to helping our professionals advance their careers through stretch experiences; and we are passionate about contributing to growth and job creation in our community. This program is a great opportunity to invest in our talent and be a part of building a better Chicago.” 
 “Deloitte is committed to doing its part to help Chicago maintain its leadership position in our regional economy,” said Deb DeHaas, World Business Chicago board member and vice chairman, Central region managing partner and chief inclusion officer for Deloitte LLP. “We’re proud to donate the business and operational skills of our professionals to this very important initiative.” 
 In August, WBC announced the Plan’s  strategy leadership teams , assembled to ensure that the strategies translate into meaningful action. These teams are charged with the oversight and coordination of each of the  Plan’s 10 strategies . Fellows will support specific teams, along with full-time staff within WBC, as well as leadership from the Civic Consulting Alliance, Metropolis Strategies and other key local organizations. 
 Ideal applicants for the Fellowship Program are manager-level “rising stars” within sponsor organizations, with distinctive overall performance and a graduate degree or three-to-five years of experience in an industry related to one of the  strategies . Fellows must possess excellent project management skills; experience presenting to and leading discussions with senior leadership; strong analytical, problem-solving, influencing, interpersonal, oral communications and writing skills; and a passion for civic engagement. 
 Sponsor organizations can include corporations and businesses, non-profits, public sector entities, or universities. Sponsor organizations must commit to an in-kind donation of full-time pro bono support for three-to-six months. 
 For more information about the Fellowship Program, or a copy of the Plan, visit www.ChicagoGrowthAndJobs.com. 
 Share: 
 
  __  
  __  
  __  
  __  
 
 Economy   Plan for Economic Growth & Jobs   Talent   WBC 
 Chaired by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, World Business Chicago drives regional economic growth. WBC collaborates to create jobs, cultivate talent, and put Chicago at the forefront of the global economy. A unique public-private partnership, WBC engages business and community leaders to advance Chicago’s Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs. 
 Related News 
 
 Dec 5, 2018 
 
 Andrea Zopp of World Business Chicago Joins Governor-elect JB Pritzker's Job Creation and Economic Opportunity Committee 
 
 Oct 18, 2018 
 
 Mayor Emanuel Announces ThinkChicago: Chicago Ideas Week 
 
 Aug 1, 2018 
 
 Mayor Emanuel Announces ThinkChicago: Lollapalooza 2018 
 
 Copyright © 2021 World Business Chicago 
 Contact Us 
 Phone: 
 1.312.553.0500 
 Email: 
 wbc@WorldBusinessChicago.com 
 Mail: 
 177 N. State St., Suite 500 
Chicago, IL 60601 
  Send Us a Message  
 WBC 
 
 
  Subscribe to Our Newsletter  
 
 
  About Us  
 
 
  Work Here  
 
 
  Policies  
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
