Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Switchboard Operator Opportunities - Provincial Health Services Authority 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Switchboard Operator 
 Vancouver General Hospital (VGH)/ St. Paul's Hospital (SPH) 
 Vancouver, $23.34 per hour 
 We are looking for talented and dedicated individuals to support our 24/7 operation; successful applicants will have working availability for evening, night and day shifts. 
 What you’ll do 
 Operates a multi-line computerized switchboard console by: 
Answering all calls, acknowledging the caller, listening attentively, and asking questions to clarify the caller’s inquiry 
Transferring phone calls to appropriate locals, providing information, and responding to the caller’s needs in a prompt and courteous manner; 
Responds to each hospital alarm (emergency and non-emergency) in a timely manner as per established guidelines. (ie: fire, arrest, medical stat call, bomb threat, elevator.) 
Operates Public Address system as per established guidelines. 
Operates paging system to page Doctors, Nurses and other on-call staff as required per established guidelines. 
 What you bring 
 Grade 12 and one (1) year's recent related experience, or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
Typing 45 WPM 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Casual Opportunities 
 Wage:  $23.34 per hour 
 Vancouver General Hospital (VGH)/ St. Paul's Hospital (SPH) 
 Vancouver, BC 
24/7 Operation 
 What we do 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
