Weave a Web 
 Stories, poems, music, thoughts… 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Index 
 Stories 
 Instrumental Music 
 Piano Music 
 Music 
 Poems 
 Reflections-Awards 
 Novel: A Passing Shower 
 Autobio: Bits of a Boyhood 
 How to 
 About 
 
 
 Tag Archives: Cynthia Jobin 
 1774. The Perfect Book Tag 
 28 Replies 
 Imagine my excitement in having just returned from taking the dog for an extended walk (and in the process collected a bucketful of wild mushrooms) to discover that someone has challenged me to complete  The Perfect Book Tag  (even though I'm a free spirit and not taggable). That someone blogs at  Dumbest Blog Ever ; a blog that is self-described as Stu(pidity) on Stareoids. The postings range from the erudite to the enjoyably stupid, from the sublime to the cor blimey. The blog is well worth the visit (I reckon). 
 
 This posting sees a departure from the daily story, and is a bit longer than usual. Of course nothing is perfect, not even myself when I was eleven, but these are some literary works I have enjoyed over the years. 
 Some snippets of these reflections you may have heard before. I’m not averse to repeating myself. I’m not averse to repeating myself. I hope the selection (which borders on the classic and boring) doesn’t show me up to being a tedious snob. I’m not averse to repeating myself. 
 The Pretty Good Genre 
 A Good Man is Hard to Find  by Flannery O’Connor 
 This is the title of O’Connor’s collection of short stories, and contains the best short story ever written – also entitled  A Good Man is Hard to Find . Even though you know from the start what’s going to happen your hair stands on end as it happens. The writing is both funny and horrifying. I’ve always been a fan of Flannery O’Connor and a big fan of the short story genre. 
 
 “She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.” 
 The Perfect Setting 
 Wuthering Heights  by Emily Bronte 
 Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange and the Yorkshire Moors are the perfect setting for this extraordinary novel – which surprisingly a lot of people haven’t read. The plot IS the setting. The setting IS the characters. The setting IS the theme. Everything in this novel is integrated into the one thing. Perfectly constructed. I guess I’ve read it maybe 50 times or so. 
 
 “I said his heaven would be only half alive; and he said mine would be drunk.” 
 The Pretty Good Main Character 
 The Book of Thel  by William Blake 
 Thel is the character in this longish poem by Blake. She is too afraid to come into existence, because that begins the journey towards death. Thel is ephemeral. 
 
 Ah! Thel is like a watry bow, and like a parting cloud, 
 Like a reflection in a glass, like shadows in the water, 
 Like dreams of infants, like a smile upon an infant’s face, 
 Like the doves voice, like transient day, like music in the air. 
 The Pretty Good Best Friend 
 A Certain Age  by Cynthia Jobin 
 Many readers will be familiar with the poetry of the late Cynthia Jobin. She took a keen and positive interest in so many bloggers and posted her brilliant poetry  on her blog . Her final poem  Night Draws Near, Brother Ass  is heart-rending. I was unaware she had died when I received in the mail from her a collection of poems by William Stafford called  Even in Quiet Places . 
 
 Let me down easy 
 the way hints of winter 
 fall exquisitely today 
 scattering icy lacy flowers 
 from a cloud bouquet 
 The Pretty Good Love Interest 
 Clarissa  by Samuel Richardson 
 I’m not heavily into love stories, although I have read a great number of novels by Danielle Steel and enjoyed every bit of them. Shhh! But I chose Richardson’s  Clarissa  because it’s one of the earliest books written in English and I got through the hundreds of pages of love letters never once being able to work out if “they were doing it”. It was all insinuation. Clarissa Harlowe is abducted by Robert Lovelace. That was the gist of it, and I found it pretty riveting really. Besides, I had to read it for exams at university. 
 
 “Love gratified, is love satisfied — and love satisfied, is indifference begun.” 
 The Pretty Good Villain 
 Richard III  by William Shakespeare 
 I know it’s predictable but it’s inevitable.  Richard III  is one of my favourite plays. That horrid movie with Ian McKellen missed the point because the film omitted Queen Margaret’s great cursing scene. Each curse comes true, bit by bit. 
 
 Thou elvish-mark 'd, abortive, rooting hog! 
 Thou that wast seal 'd in thy nativity 
 The slave of nature and the son of hell! 
 Thou slander of thy mother 's heavy womb! 
 Thou loathed issue of thy father 's loins! 
 Thou rag of honour! thou detested— 
 The Pretty Good Family 
 Little Women  by Louisa May Alcott 
 My sisters adored this novel in my childhood. Once I grew up I was old enough to be seen reading it. When I studied in Boston, USA, I would go to Walden Pond in New Hampshire. The Alcotts, Hawthorne, and Thoreau lived within walking distance from one another. It must’ve been something in the water. “I'd rather take coffee than compliments just now.” 
 The Pretty Good Animal 
 The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck  by Beatrix Potter 
 I loved this story as a kid – and still do. I think it was because Jemima wanted to hatch out baby ducklings and I kept ducks as a kid and was forever hatching out babies. I didn’t mind the fox in the story because in New Zealand we don’t have foxes. There is something quite magical about a bird’s egg! 
 
 "Quack?“ said Jemima Puddle-Duck, with her head and her bonnet 
on one side. 
 The Pretty Good Plot Twist 
 The Leader  by Eugene Ionesco 
 This short ten minute play by Ionesco is one of my favourites. Mind you, all of Ionesco plays are my favourites! The leader off stage is watched by fans on stage. They go ape-shit over him/her. They go goo-gar. “He’s patting a pet hedgehog! He spits a tremendous distance.” (Incidentally, the actor who said those lines in a production I once directed became the Prime Minister of New Zealand in reality!) When the leader does appear at the end he/she is headless. “Who needs a head when you’ve got charisma?” Ionesco used to write to me but his letters stopped once he died. Strange. 
 
 “Shut up! Shut up! You’re ruining everything” 
 The Pretty Good Trope 
 Owls Do Cry  by Janet Frame 
 Janet Frame was a New Zealand novelist and this was her first novel. It tells the story of a women with mental problems, who gets shut away in a mental hospital and watches the mountains through the keyhole in her cell. (The story is a lot better than that). Throughout the novel, Frame creates associations with images, so at the end of the novel she only has to mention all these jolly images and you burst into tears! (At least I did). 
 
 “She grew more and more silent about what really mattered. She curled inside herself like one of those … little shellfish you see on the beach, and you touch them, and they go inside and don’t come out.” 
 The Pretty Good Cover 
 A Guide to Folk Tales in the English Language  by D.L. Ashliman 
 I bought this book for about $250 around 25 years ago. It has a summary of 2,335 folk tales. Back then I earned a living writing for children to perform on stage so such a book came in handy! I don’t care too much about covers, although for a novel I don’t appreciate an artist showing me what a character should look like. That’s the writer’s task. It’s why I’ve never seen any of  The Lord of the Rings  movies – they ruin the imagination. I like this cover. It’s plain, and in another life I learnt the skills of a book binder and could create plain covers like this! 
 
 The Pretty Good Ending 
 The Playboy of the Western World  by John Millington Synge 
 I think this is my favourite all-time play (at least for today). At the end Pegeen Mike whispers: “Oh my grief, I've lost him surely. I've lost the only Playboy of the Western World." 
 
 "… it's great luck and company I've won me in the end of time - two fine women fighting for the likes of me - till I'm thinking this night wasn't I a foolish fellow not to kill my father in the years gone by." 
 Thanks for reading! 
 This entry was posted in  A Story a Day ,  Creative ,  Reflections-Awards ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  Alcott ,  Beatrix Potter ,  Blake ,  books ,  Bronte ,  Cynthia Jobin ,  Flannery O'Connor ,  Ionesco ,  Janet Frame ,  literature ,  novels ,  plays ,  poem ,  poetry ,  Samuel Richardson ,  Shakespeare ,  short stories ,  Synge ,  theatre  on  March 29, 2020  by  Bruce Goodman . 
 © Bruce Goodman 2013-2021 
 
 Index 
 Stories 
 Instrumental Music 
 Piano Music 
 Music 
 Poems 
 Reflections-Awards 
 Novel: A Passing Shower 
 Autobio: Bits of a Boyhood 
 How to 
 About 
 
 10 most recent postings 
 
 2034. On safari 
 2033. Trudy knew 
 2032. Raven Mad 
 2031. The open window 
 2030. Mustang Molly 
 2029. A day on the river 
 2028. The endangered Zapata Rail 
 2027. It was the Rainbow gave thee birth 
 2026. A place to retire 
 2025. Are you gender neutral or gender neutral? 
 
 Follow Weave a Web on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
