Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Linen Attendant 
 Harrison Hot Springs Resort 
 __Harrison Hot Springs, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Harrison Hot Springs Resort  is currently recruiting for the position of  Linen Attendant . 
 About our company: 
 Harrison Hot Springs and the Eastern Fraser Valley is a beautiful place to live, work and play. We would love to have you join our amazing team and share the high quality of life that we have come to enjoy. 
 At Harrison Hot Springs Resort, our guests discover a location unlike any other destination in the world. We know the care and customer service we offer our guests leads to special experiences for them. We endeavour to exceed guest expectations and deliver outstanding products and hospitality services. Even though we welcome thousands of guests each year, we will focus on individuals and what we can do to make them feel like they are at home. 
 Overlooking Harrison Lake, the Harrison Hot Springs Resort offers the following amenities: five mineral hot springs pools, the Healing Springs Spa, three restaurants and a coffee bar, extensive banquet and catering options, Resort Golf Course and Resort Marina. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 Distribution and pick up of all linen requirements for the resort. Pick up and drop off items for the Public Pool. Pick up and deliver mail to the local post office. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  : 
 
 Remove dirty linen from assigned floors 
 Restock clean linen to all assigned areas 
 Deliver towels as needed to the resort Public Pool Daily 
 Remove garbage, recycling and dirty towels from Public Pool 
 Pick up and deliver linen from the Spa 
 Deliver linen from the Food and Beverage outlets 
 Deliver supplies to assigned floors 
 Sort dirty linen to the appropriate tubs 
 Communicate to the Housekeeping/Laundry Department what linen supply might be in demand 
 Pushing and pulling tubs of linen from the Laundry Department to the respective floors and vice versa 
 Pick up/deliver resort mail from Administration Office/Post Office Daily 
 Handling cash 
 
 SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS  : 
 
 Completion of Grade 12 
 1 year preference working in a busy resort environment 
 Valid Class 5 Driver License 
 Physically able to push and pull rolling tubs of linen possibly up to 150 lbs 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Ability to prioritize 
 Customer service experience 
 Flexible to a changing schedule 
 Being multi-lingual is an asset 
 
 This position is $15.31 - $20.41 / hr. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Salary: $15.31 to $20.41 /hour 
 Experience: 
 
 busy resort environment: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
