  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Admin Support  
 
 Admin Support Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 Last month 
 Bilingual (German - English) Customer Support Needed 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 1 
 About us: 
 Strikingly is a modern, mobile-optimized website builder that’s extremely easy to use. Our mission is to give everyone the power to unleash their individuality. 
 Our headquarters is currently based in Shanghai, China but we have deep Silicon Valley roots. We’re backed by Y Combinator (W13), SV Angel, Funders Club, Innovation Works, Infinity Ventures, Index Ventures, Kevin Hale, and many others. 
 Project overview: 
 We're looking for a Bilingual German - English customer support agent or Happiness Officers that will provide professional and friendly service through our email and live-chat channels. This person should have a passion for helping others and be able to stay calm under pressure. 
 You'll also translate our product into German. You'll be given the tools to do so easily, and you translate regularly, and moderate others' translations. 
 This project requires: 
- Customer support experience in a fast-paced environment 
- Great German and English communication skills, both written and oral 
- Should love making customers happy! 
- Should have the ability to assess each customer’s issues 
- Knows how to deal with difficult customers/clients 
- Has good analytical and problem-solving skills 
- Has good accurate records keeping 
- Must be a good team player 
- Can work with minimal supervision 
- Ability to prioritize and multitask 
- Knowledge of Domains, SEO, and Analytics is a plus! 
- Must be able to work remotely and full-time (at least 40 hours per week) 
 What We Offer: 
 - Convenience in working from home 
- Fun and collaborative international working environment 
- Opportunities for career advancement 
- Training and growth opportunities 
- Paid leave with tenure of one(1) year and above 
 If you are looking for a stable and long term job, submit your proposal and share a brief summary of your experience! 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. M. Last reply: Last month  Philippines 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Need Virtual Assistant, Administrative assistant, lead generation a... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 11 
 Hello,need admins with basic sem/seo, facebook ads, gumtree ads, etc. Experience. Blog updates, Twitter updates , Instagram, Facebook with email marketing experience please. 
Article writing and blog posting. An english written and speaking competent experienced Virtual Assistant that can help with my online Wellness business. Experience please. 
Available 24/7, quick response time, task and goal oriented, deadline consciousness for the following tasks. Personal management/ coordination. A professional Virtual Assistant with good experience and background that can work with me in long term bases. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Published by:  S. D. Last reply: Last month  United Kingdom 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Executive Admin with previous digital startup experience 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 Examples of tasks: 
 Benchmark "Interna UGC". Which are the platforms promoting intelectual content generation , how do they work (how do they get intelectual content, how they curate?) and how do they make money? 
 Check text for publication. Is it under abnt norm? is it under lgpd? (file ) 
 prepare legality of website. 
Get updated and modern documents with legal consultants 
 Search and list for development agencies (e.g.  Functionalimperative.com ,  thoughtworks.com)  working android and or web (wp/php/mysql) aimed at innovative startups, get ceo picture. Search in brasil and usa 
 etc...... 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. T. Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Community Engager 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 The role of our Community Engager on discord is to act as the bridge between our brand and the community we are aiming to create for our board game (i.e. A loyal audience or group of core consumers connected by a similar interest). He/She is the brand's ambassador, engaging with potential customers and building relationships with existing ones. 
 What we need: 
 
 Setup Tournaments and Contests 
 Engage with the community 
 Manage Social Media Presence 
 Be on discord a lot of the time helping setup games and receive feedback 
 Fluent in English (written) 
 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. Last reply: Last month  Canada 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last month 
 Food safety auditor 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 0 
 We are looking for food safety auditors to check standards in coffee shops and fast-food restaurants. The audits pay by the hour and each evaluation will take either 4 hours or 8 hours. 
 Service Integrity is a Mystery Shopping and Audit company first established in Australia in 2003, 
 Please see requirements below: 
 Food Auditor Qualification Requirements 
 Prerequisites 
 Driving licence 
Physically fit – able to stand for two 4 hours audits in day and work in refrigerated and hot environments. 
No objections or restrictions in working with any meat types or other food products (exceptions accepted should the allocated kitchens be restricted in term of religious observance, e.g. Halal, Kosher). 
 No significant allergies to food products that would limit the ability to work in the presence of any type of food product. 
Education and experience – minimum requirements: 
 Fluent English (spoken and written) + fluent in local language/s for audited region. 
English and Maths exam passed at high school level. 
 Completion of High School 
At least one science subject to have been studied successfully within the courses taken. 
A formal Food Hygiene qualification. This qualification must include, or be supported by training in HACCP principles 
Experience in working in one or more the following areas for at least 2 years post education: 
Catering 
Food retail 
Food manufacturing 
Education. 
 Health and safety or food safety management. 
Education and experience – preferred requirements: 
 A science based degree 
5 years post education experience in the areas stated above. 
Formal higher level HACCP and Food Safety training 
Formal qualification in Health and Safety. 
 Contract length: 12 months 
 Part-time hours: 8 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract 
 Salary: $25.00 – $35.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 Food industry: 2 years (Preferred) 
Education: 
 High School (Year 12) (Preferred) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Market research 
 What is the scope of the project?  : For more than one product or more than one country 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. S. Hong Kong 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Virtual assistance and Data entry 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 23 
 We are reaching out for virtual assistance and Data entry who can maintan a follow up on customers reguirement, and can cordinate with customer in orderly manner. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. A. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Looking for a Virtual Assistant 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 6 
 A Marketing Agency that has the service of creating websites, graphic designing, content provider, providing paid ads, lead generation, affiliate marketing, SEO, Video Marketing, Social Media marketing, email marketing is searching for a virtual assistant who will assist on various tasks. 
 The Agency requires help from a virtual assistant who is simply just amazing all over, amazing personality, enjoys working with people, great at managing projects, positive personality, with great communication skill, maintain a courteous manner when dealing with clients. 
 If you're interested with this role, please include a video recording of yourself to say hello highlighting your best feature. 
 If this person describes you, please fill in this application and we would love to hear from you!! 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. Y. Canada 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
