Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Spine Neurosurgeon 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 No job description available 
 Job Description 
 ACADEMIC ADULT SPINAL NEUROSURGEON 
 McMaster University Department of Surgery, in conjunction with Hamilton Health Sciences is seeking an academic Spinal Neurosurgeon. The Hamilton Neurosurgery Program serves a catchment area of more than 2.5 million residents. The regional service also provides tertiary and quaternary level care to patients from other regions of the province and plays an essential role in the support of other regional programs including cardiac/stroke, trauma, ENT/Head & Neck, and neuro-oncology. The regional neurosurgery service together with the Department of Surgery, McMaster University hosts an accredited Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada training program in Neurosurgery with full involvement in undergraduate, post-graduate and continuing medical education programs. 
 The successful candidate will be expected to demonstrate experience and training in contemporary management of Spinal Neurosurgery appropriate for a quaternary academic hospital Centre, including the provision of exceptional sub-specialty clinical care in degenerative and neoplastic disorders of the spine/MIS spine surgery/surgery of the peripheral nervous system, and to also participate in the general neurosurgery call roster. 
 The successful candidate will be expected to show evidence of interpersonal and collaborative skills and initiative to further advance the clinical and academic productivity of the regional neurosurgical service and division. A commitment and demonstrated interest in surgical education at all levels is essential, as well as active participation in research programs and academic initiatives of the Neurosurgery Division. It is expected that applicants will have an established track record in clinical or basic science research, preferably with Masters level training and with a demonstrated ability to obtain peer- reviewed funding. A full time academic appointment at the appropriate level in the Department of Surgery, Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University will be available to the successful applicant. 
 Applicants must have a Fellowship in Neurosurgery with certification from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada or equivalent training and be eligible for licensure in the Province of Ontario. Applicants must have a Fellowship in Spine Neurosurgery. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: “Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” or “No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” 
 How To Apply 
 Applications must include an up-to-date curriculum vitae, a cover letter, and a brief statement of clinical and research interests. This application will remain open until September 30, 2020. Submissions may be made to: 
 Dr. Susan Reid, Professor and Chair, 
 Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University 
 B3-155 Juravinski Hospital & Cancer Centre 
 711 Concession Street 
 Hamilton, ON L8V 1C3 
 Email:  dosapply@mcmaster.ca 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
