Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Support Representatives 
 LENDCARE 
 __Pickering, ON 
 Apply Now 
 LendCare is a national provider of financial services, specializing in consumer financing for a variety of products and services, such as Powersports, Vehicle, Retail, Health and Home Improvement. We partner with local and national merchants and distributors to offer retail and direct financing programs to help consumers make purchases. 
 Job Description:  LC Loans is a front-line customer support department. This is a business to consumer role to help assist LendCare customers with any questions and support regarding their personal loan. 
 We are looking for Customer Support Representatives who want to join a team of professionals to deliver exceptional service for our customers across Canada. The successful individual would have a customer service background and enjoy working in a professional team environment. Organizational skills and attention to detail is a must. 
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
 
 Work as part of our team to provide exemplary customer service and ensure that our customers are always receiving a superior customer experience during every interaction. 
 Responding to customer questions and requests (both through telephone, chat and email). 
 Ability to identify the customers needs and efficiently resolve inquiries. 
 Take accountability to solve issues from beginning to end. 
 Demonstrate comprehensive knowledge of our services. 
 
 Qualification and Skills: 
 
 Financial services background is an asset 
 1-year experience working inbound customer service or sales roles is preferred 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Proven interpersonal and organizational skills 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Excellent problem-solving skills 
 Proficient with Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
 
 **  Shifts vary from 9:00am-9:00pm Monday-Friday and occasional Saturdays. ** 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
