Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ATA 20/21 - 14 Temporary Full Time Grade 2 Teacher 
 Greater St. Albert Roman Catholic Separate School District No. 734 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING ATA 20/21 - 14 
 Ecole Marie Poburan 
 Grade 2 French Immersion 
 Temporary Full Time – 1.0 FTE 
 Duties to commence:  January 4, 2021 – June 28, 2021 or the return of the incumbent. 
 Qualifications & Duties: 
Committed to being a model and witness to Christ-centered education values and beliefs. 
Possess a Bachelor of Education and valid Alberta Teaching Certificate. 
Fluently bilingual in French and English in order to teach in French and communicate with parents in English. 
Experience teaching at the elementary level is an asset. 
Experience with the use of technology in the classroom is an asset. 
Committed to working within departmental professional learning communities. 
Strong interpersonal and relational skills with children. 
Experience in positively managing students with social-emotional-behavioural needs. 
Ability, training and/or experience to accommodate instruction and programming for students with diverse needs. 
Willingness to be an active part of a vibrant school team staff, shared classroom partnership, and program. 
 For more information on these positions please contact: 
Michelle Baril 
 Principal 
 Phone:  780-458-1112 
 E-mail:  mbaril@gsacrd.ab.ca 
 Only online applications will be accepted. No late applications will be accepted. 
 Note:  Although all applications are appreciated, only candidates who are selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Note: 
 Certificated Applicants: 
As part of the application process, all applicants are required to take the TeacherInsight Assessment. Your application is not considered complete without the assessment. Once your application has been submitted through the online process you will be redirected to either complete the TeacherInsight or copy your previous results. 
 Please ensure that your pop-up blocker is disabled, in order to be redirected to the online testing. If you do not get an automatic pop-up redirecting you to the TeacherInsight, please go to the Online Testing tab of your Simplication account to complete the assessment. If the assessment shows as completed, no further action is required. 
 For more information on the assessment, go here. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
