Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Non-Tenure 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Jobs and Grants: Application deadlines coming up (January 2017) 
 Posted on  January 4, 2017  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 
 Hebrew lectureship  at Fordham, apply by January 15, 2017. 
 Summer Institute for Israel Studies , Faculty fellowship, apply by January 20, 2017. 
 Yad Hanadiv visiting fellowships  in Jewish Studies, apply by January 31, 2017. 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Travel grant ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies (2 years, SOAS London; Deadline: June 5, 2016) 
 Posted on  May 23, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Vacancy Number 
 001071 
 
 
 
 
 Location 
 London 
 
 
 Campus 
 Russell Square 
 
 
 Post Class 
 Research 
 
 
 Department / Centre 
 Centre of Jewish Studies 
 
 
 Contract Type 
 Fixed Term 
 
 
 Closing date for applications 
 5 June 2016 
 
 
 
 Salary: £34,336 to £40,448 per annum inclusive of London allowance 
 Fixed-term for 2 years 
 Click here to apply . 
 SOAS, University of London is the world’s leading institution for the study of Asia, Africa and the Middle East, offering programmes in arts, humanities, languages, law and social sciences. Inaugurated in June 1916, SOAS has had an international reach since the arrival of its first students in February 1917 and is celebrating its Centenary in 2016. 
 We are looking to appoint a Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies to conduct outstanding research in Israeli Studies and contribute to the advancement of Israeli Studies at SOAS and beyond. You will be expected to conduct excellent research relating to Israeli society, culture or history and publish at least two outstanding outputs as an outcome of the research. You will contribute to the research culture of the Centre for Jewish Studies and the Department of Near and Middle East at SOAS and help organise and run the Centre’s events, workshops and other activities. 
 You will be required to a good understanding of one or more of the key research areas in Israeli Studies pertaining to history, society or culture. Your ability to carry out high quality, publishable research together with your knowledge of the scholarship and of key debates in Israeli Studies, will enable you to successful in this role. You will also have excellent proficiency in Hebrew, and ideally also knowledge of Arabic. The ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with students, staff, academic colleagues together with excellent time management and interpersonal skills, are also required for this post. 
 This post will commence on 1 September 2016 and is a fixed term appointment for 2 years. 
 Completed applications must be received by 23:59 on the closing date to be considered. 
 Interviews will provisionally be held in the week commencing: 20 June 2016 
 If you have any questions or require any assistance with regard to the application process, please contact  hr-recruitment@soas.ac.uk  . 
 Equality Challenge Unit, Gender Equality Charter Mark: Bronze award holder. Addressing gender inequalities and imbalance in the arts, humanities and social sciences. 
 ** SOAS values diversity and aims to be an equal opportunities employer. 
** 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Postdoc: Research Associate in Religion and Violence in the MidEast (Princeton, 2016-7) 
 Posted on  March 3, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Institute for the Transregional Study  of the Contemporary Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia invites applications for a postdoctoral or more senior researcher related to the theme of  Religion and Violence in the Middle East . Applicants can be from the disciplines of history, law, politics, literature, as well as Islamic studies. The appointment will be for the year, September 1, 2016 through August 31, 2017, with the possibility of renewal, subject to satisfactory performance and continued funding. Assuming approval by the Department of Near Eastern Studies and the Dean of the Faculty, the researcher will be expected to teach a one-semester undergraduate course, which may be open to graduate students. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. degree and are expected to pursue independent research at Princeton and to participate in Institute-related activities on campus. Travel assistance of up to $1000 for round-trip, economy-class airfare will be available to the appointee and her or his immediate family. The salary, to be approved by the Department and the Dean of the Faculty, will be based on the successful candidate's qualifications. This position is subject to the University's background check policy.Interested applicants must apply online at  https://jobs.princeton.edu  and submit a current curriculum vitae, a research statement (maximum length 2 pages), a cover letter, and contact information for three references.  The deadline for application is March 31, 2016, 11:59 p.m. EST . 
 Essential Qualifications:  Candidates must hold the Ph.D. degree and are expected to pursue independent research at Princeton and to participate in Institute-related activities on campus. 
 Click here  to apply. 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  History ,  Islam ,  Law ,  Literature ,  Politics ,  Religion and Conflict ,  Violence  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew Language instruction at Columbia U (apply by Jan 1, 2016) 
 Posted on  December 16, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Middle Eastern South Asian and African Studies at Columbia University announces an opening in Hebrew language instruction to be filled at the rank of Lecturer in Discipline, beginning July 1, 2016. We are seeking a professional language teacher with a serious commitment to teaching languages for academic purposes while developing pedagogical materials and incorporating technological innovations into the curriculum. Responsibilities will include teaching 2 or 3 courses per semester and other duties associate with the language program. This is a term position of 3 years. 
 Preference will be given to applicants who have a Ph.D., but those with a Master's degree and considerable language teaching experience are also encouraged to apply. Salary and rank commensurate with experience. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and English, foreign language instruction experience, and an oral proficiency based approach are required. 
 All applications must be submitted online and must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching evaluations, statement of teaching philosophy and methodology, three letters of recommendation, and sample teaching materials. For more information and to apply, go to: 
 academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=61778 
 Applications will be reviewed starting 01/01/2016. 
 Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 20, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Virginia, Jewish Studies Program 
 Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty/Lecturer in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 23, 2016. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Applicants who currently have a permanent appointment elsewhere will hold the visiting rank commensurate with rank at home institution. Applicants who do not have a permanent appointment elsewhere will be eligible for the rank of lecturer. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University. Review of applications will begin on November 2 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through  Jobs@UVa  (   https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0617348. Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter addressed to Professor Alon Confino, Chair, Israel Studies Search, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Julie Garmel at  jg4e@virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 You can always see the most up-to-date version of the H-net ad at:  https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=51753 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobseekers ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew at University of Oklahoma (apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 13, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Hebrew: Five-Year Unranked Renewable Term Appointment 
 University of Oklahoma 
 The University of Oklahoma announces a five-year, unranked, renewable term appointment in Hebrew. Applicants must have an M.A. or Ph.D. in a relevant field in hand at the time of appointment, a native or near-native command of Hebrew, and a demonstrable commitment to excellence in teaching beginning and intermediate Hebrew language and culture. Highest consideration will be given to candidates with a specialization in second language acquisition or applied linguistics. Experience in the coordination and enhancement of Hebrew language instruction will also be considered favorably. The successful candidate will teach six courses per year and coordinate the first and second-year Hebrew language sequence. Salary is competitive. Appointment will begin August 16, 2016. After an initial review of dossiers, interviews will be conducted by Skype. 
 The successful candidate will also be a core member of Schusterman Center for Judaic and Israel Studies which comprises six core faculty and fifteen associated faculty. The Center offers support for conference travel, co-sponsorships for faculty events, student scholarships, and varied intellectual and cultural opportunities within the university and greater Oklahoma City community. 
 Please send a letter of application and a dossier including three professional letters of recommendation (under separate cover), a curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, and full sets of student teaching evaluations electronically to Dr. Ori Kritz (   okritz@ou.edu ) or in hard copy to: 
 Dr. Kritz, Chair of the Hebrew Search Committee 
 Department of Modern Languages, Literatures and Linguistics 
 780 Van Vleet Oval, Room 202 
 University of Oklahoma 
 Norman, OK 73019. 
 Review of materials will begin November 2, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Women, minorities, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 The University of Oklahoma is an equal opportunity institution  www.ou.edu/eeo . 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Asstt or Assc Prof of Instruction in Modern Hebrew (Northwestern, apply by Nov 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 7, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Assistant or Associate Professor of Instruction in Modern Hebrew 
 
 The Middle East and North African Studies Program (MENA) at Northwestern University, in conjunction with the Jewish Studies Program, invites applications for a member of the teaching-track faculty in Modern Hebrew language at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor of Instruction. This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position starting September 1, 2016. Duties include teaching nine quarter-long language courses. 
 Experience teaching Hebrew in North American higher education settings and native fluency or its equivalent in Hebrew is required. Masters degree in Hebrew language or a closely related area is required; Ph.D. in Hebrew language, literature, or Middle East studies is preferred. Where applicable, candidates should indicate teaching proficiency in other languages offered in Northwestern’s MENA program or in non-modern registers of Hebrew. 
 The MENA Program offers an undergraduate major, a minor, and a PhD certificate program. It features both topics courses in a range of disciplines and a dynamic team of language instructors in Arabic, Hebrew, Persian, and Turkish. The Jewish Studies Program is an interdisciplinary unit that offers courses and curricula for undergraduate and graduate students; it is housed in The Crown Family Center for Jewish and Israel Studies. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of application, CV, teaching portfolio (course syllabi, teaching evaluations), and names and email addresses of three professional references (at least two must be able to comment on the applicant’s teaching abilities) electronically via the MENA website:  http://www.mena.northwestern.edu/people/faculty/faculty-search.html#Hebrew .  For fullest consideration, application materials must be received by  November 1, 2015 . 
 The Program in Middle East and North African Studies is committed to a diverse faculty, in terms of gender, ethnic and racial diversity as understood both in the United States and in the Middle East. We encourage applications from women and ethnic, racial, and religious minorities. 
 AA/EOE. Northwestern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer of all protected classes including veterans and individuals with disabilities. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the United States. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust ; University of Warwick (deadline: Aug 17, 2015) 
 Posted on  July 31, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust (75930-075) 
 University of Warwick  - History 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Coventry 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £28,695 to £37,394 per annum 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Contract Type: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 24th July 2015 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 17th August 2015 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 1482942 
 
 
 
 Fixed term contract for 10 months. 
 The Department of History seeks to appoint a full-time Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust. You will take five seminar groups of approximately fourteen students per group on the first-year undergraduate module ‘Making History’ and you will convene, taking two seminar groups of approximately sixteen students per group, the final-year undergraduate module ‘Reinterpreting the Holocaust: Sexualities, Ethnicity, Class’. You will also teach occasional lectures for other undergraduate modules as required by the Head of Department and as appropriate to subject knowledge. 
 You will undertake lecturing, seminar teaching, essay tutorials, office hours, marking of undergraduate work, exam invigilation, and monitoring of student attendance in accordance with the Department’s quality assurance practices. You will also act as personal tutor to an assigned group of undergraduate students, providing pastoral support and guidance during the academic year. You will be actively engaged in research in the History of the Holocaust, or a comparable field. 
 You will possess experience in undergraduate teaching and subject specialism appropriate for research-led teaching in the History of the Holocaust. You should also possess a PhD (or equivalent) in History. 
 All applications must be accompanied by a CV and covering letter. Writing samples may be requested from candidates during the latter stages of the recruitment process and should not be submitted with the initial application. 
 Please direct all informal inquiries to Mr Robert Horton, the History Department Administrator, at  R.S.Horton@warwick.ac.uk . 
 Click here to apply . 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Modern Hebrew Instructors, Georgetown University (for Fall 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program for Jewish Civilization (PJC) and the Division of Eastern Mediterranean Languages (EML) of Georgetown University seek instructors to teach Modern Hebrew language, starting in the fall 2015 term. 
 Applicants should hold an advanced degree (in Hebrew language, literature, or linguistics) and/or have extensive Hebrew language teaching experience. Selected instructors will be asked to work within the parameters of an existing Hebrew language curriculum. 
 To apply, please email a letter of application and current CV  to  upload.Hebrew_.hsa10ahikv@u.box.com . 
 Inquiries can be directed to  202-687-4245  or  cjcinfo@georgetown.edu 
 Georgetown University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer fully dedicated to achieving a diverse faculty and staff. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability or other categories protected by law. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Three-year, Modern Hebrew Language, Middlebury (apply by May 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Middlebury College is seeking an instructor for a three-year term position in Modern Hebrew Language, beginning September 2015. The successful candidate will teach courses in intermediate Hebrew and direct students' independent Hebrew studies. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and experience in teaching Hebrew at the college level are required. Candidates should provide evidence of commitment to excellent teaching. 
 Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly diverse student body. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability. 
 Review of applications will begin on May 1, 2015  , and continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Middlebury College uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted.  Through Interfolio, please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation  , at least two of which speak to teaching ability. More information at:  apply.interfolio.com/29346 . Other questions should be addressed to Tamar Mayer, Modern Hebrew Program Chair ( mayer@middlebury.edu ) *Offers of employment are contingent on completion of a background check. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Postdoctoral Research Associate of Israeli Culture, U Illinois UC (Deadline: March 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  February 3, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program in Jewish Culture and Society at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign invites applications for a postdoctoral research associate for the 2015-2016 academic year. Proposed research projects should have the potential to make a significant contribution to the field of Israeli Culture. Recipients must be in residence full-time at the Universitys Urbana campus for the duration of the service period (August 2015-May 2016) and may not hold other fellowships or awards during the service period. Associates will teach one course each semester. Please include information about teaching experience and list 2-3 courses focusing on Israeli culture you would be interested in teaching. You may include syllabi with your application.Responsibilities include a public lecture and participation in the faculty workshop as part of the Israel Studies Project at the university. Initial interviews may be conducted at the American Comparative Literature Association annual conference in Seattle, March 26-29, only for those attending. The majority of interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Stipend and Benefits 
 Nine-month salary of $42,000 paid over a 12-month period, including health, dental and life insurance benefits, as well as participation in the State Universities Retirement System (SURS). Eligibility for the listed benefits is contingent on your citizenship or work authorization. For full details on eligibility requirements, please reference  http://www.ahr.illinois.edu/employees/current/other.html#Benefits . 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 PhD (degree conferral obtained between 8/16/12 - 3/1/15). The primary focus of the successful candidates research must be Israeli Culture, Hebrew Literature, Israeli Cinema, Israeli Art or other relevant field. Expected to teach courses in Hebrew literature and Israeli Culture. 
 To Apply 
 To apply for the postdoctoral position, we will need the following: 
 
 Letter of intent addressed to Professor Harris 
 Curriculum vitae 
 Statement of the research/writing project to be undertaken during the appointment 
 Scholarly writing sample 
 Graduate transcripts (copies are acceptable, but official transcripts may be requested at a later date) 
 Contact information for two professional references. You must request that your letter writers email their recommendations directly to the program by the deadline: 
 
 Please send all documents to  jewishculture@illinois.edu . 
 To be considered, applications must be submitted by March 1, 2015. 
 Additional materials may be requested at a later date. 
 __ 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Full-Time Hebrew Language Instructor, Rutgers New Brunswick (Deadline: Feb 20, 2015) 
 Posted on  February 2, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Instructor of Modern Hebrew Rutgers University 
 The Department of Jewish Studies at Rutgers University (New Brunswick) seeks a full-time instructor in modern Hebrew language. The instructor’s duties include teaching a 3/3 load of language courses at the Elementary, Intermediate, and Advanced levels (each level consisting of a two-semester sequence) and supervising the Hebrew language program at Rutgers (overseeing the placement of incoming students, assessing transfer credits, administering language proficiency exams, etc.). Fluency in modern Hebrew and extensive experience in teaching the language at all levels in a college setting is required. Candidates should hold bachelors and masters degrees in an appropriate field, such as Hebrew language, literature, or pedagogy. Applicants should submit a cover letter detailing their teaching experience, a CV, the names and contact information for three references, at least two of whom can vouch for the candidate’s teaching, and teaching evaluations, if available. Applicants should apply online at  http://apply.interfolio.com/28494 . 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Modern Hebrew Lecturer at Indiana University Bloomington 
 Posted on  December 10, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Modern Hebrew Lecturer at Indiana University Bloomington 
 The Robert A. and Sandra S. Borns Jewish Studies Program at Indiana University Bloomington invites applications for a non-tenure track, full-time position, for a Hebrew Lecturer to join its Hebrew Language Program, one of the largest, most successful and most professional Hebrew language programs in the US. 
 The Hebrew Lecturer will teach 3 courses of Modern Hebrew each semester, at one or more Hebrew levels, under the supervision of the director of the Hebrew language program, and following the curriculum and materials in use by the language program. This position will begin on August 1st, 2015. This position is for a one to three year initial appointment, with subsequent renewal, subject to satisfactory performance and programmatic needs. 
 The successful candidate should possess native fluency in Modern Hebrew, and be a team-player. The successful candidate should have prior teaching experience at the college level, having taught the Hebrew language using the Hebrew-in-Hebrew approach, under the communicative approach to language teaching, and be comfortable using modern technology in preparing teaching materials as well as in the classroom. An M.A. in a related field or an equivalent academic status is required. Knowledge of and experience in the teaching of Biblical Hebrew to English speaking students would be an advantage, but is not a requirement. 
 To apply for this position please submit the following: a cover letter, an updated CV, a teaching statement in Hebrew outlining your teaching goals and teaching philosophy, and the names and email addresses of three referees (preferably to include one from a supervisor and one from a teaching colleague). Consideration of applications will begin on Tuesday, January 20, 2015 and continue until the position is filled. 
 Interested candidates should review the application requirements and submit their application electronically at:  http://indiana.peopleadmin.com/postings/1295 . For additional information on the Borns Jewish Studies Program, please see  http://www.indiana.edu/~jsp/index.shtml . Questions regarding the application process or the application can be directed to the Hebrew Search Committee at  HebrewIU@indiana.edu  , or to: Hebrew Lecturer Search, Borns Jewish Studies Program, Indiana University, Goodbody Hall Room 326, 1011 E. Third Street, Bloomington, IN 47405-7005. 
 Indiana University is an equal employment and affirmative action employer and a provider of ADA services. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, color, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation or identity, national origin, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Professor in Israel Studies, U Calgary, 6 months (2014-2015) 
 Posted on  March 24, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Israel Studies Program at the University of Calgary invites applications to fill a Visiting Professor position in Israel Studies, for 6 months during the 2014-2015 Academic Year (either fall 2014 (July to December) or winter 2015 (January through June). 
 Applicants from a variety of disciplines are invited to apply, but the successful candidate should hold a Ph.D. in a field of specialization such as Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, History, Literature, Film or Cultural Studies, International Relations, Public Affairs, or Communications Studies. Applicants must be engaging teachers who are fluent in both Hebrew and English. 
 The appointee will be expected to teach 2 courses on topics relating to modern Israel, and should also be prepared to give a public lecture in the Calgary area as well as one to the University of Calgary community. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a list of courses they are prepared to teach, a C.V. and three confidential letters of reference by April 15th, 2014. Submissions should be sent electronically to Florentine Strzelczyk, Vice Dean of the Faculty of Arts,  strzelcz@ucalgary.ca . 
 All qualified candidates are eligible to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Lecturer in Modern Hebrew, Ohio State University 
 Posted on  December 18, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures at the Ohio State University invites applicants for a renewable, non-tenure track position in modern Hebrew language. Responsibilities will include teaching six courses per academic year, curriculum development, language placement, and supervising graduate teaching assistants and other instructors. Salary and benefits are competitive. 
 Requirements: Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and English; demonstrated excellence in the teaching of Hebrew language at all levels and in the effective application of current technologies to foreign language learning. M.A or Ph.D. in Hebrew or related field, preferred. 
 Complete applications must include:  letter of interest; statement of teaching philosophy; C.V.; three recent letters of recommendation; and recent teaching evaluations. All letters of reference must be submitted independently by their authors. At least one of the letters should address the candidate’s teaching qualifications. Inquiries may be directed to Prof. Daniel Frank at  frank.152@osu.edu .  Review of applications will begin on January 15, 2014.  Applications will continue to be accepted until the position is filled. Please apply online through Academic Jobs Online at:  https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/3718 . 
 To build a diverse workforce Ohio State encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. EEO/AA employer. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Instruction ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  Language ,  Ohio State University ,  Teaching ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies, Taub Center, NYU, 2014 
 Posted on  December 14, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Taub Center for Israel Studies at New York University seeks to appoint two Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies for a one-year term beginning in September, 2014. Candidates may work on any aspect of Israel Studies, including topics related to history, politics, sociology and culture of Israel. Fellows are expected to teach one undergraduate course during their time at NYU. PhD must be in hand by September 1, 2014 with no exceptions, and may not have been received before September 2010. A Fellowship of $42,000 will be awarded to the successful candidate, with additional research funds allocated at the discretion of the Taub Center. Fellows hold appointments in the Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies and work closely with colleagues in their disciplinary specialization if appropriate. 
 Fluency in both Hebrew and English is required. 
 Application Requirements Include: 
 1. CV 
 2. Research Project Proposal 
 3. Three Letters of Recommendation 
 4. Two Course Proposals / Descriptions 
 5. Abstract of Dissertation in English 
 6. Copy of Dissertation in Hebrew or English - electronic file preferred 
 Please email materials to  fas.taubcenter@nyu.edu . Printed materials may also be sent to: 
 Postdoctoral Fellow Search Committee 
 Taub Center for Israel Studies 
 New York University 
 14A Washington Mews, 2nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10003 
 The deadline for Applications is January 15, 2014. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48162 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  New York University ,  NYU ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 JOB: UCSD Fall Quarter, Hebrew Literature (fixed term) 
 Posted on  November 12, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of California - San Diego - Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature 
 UC San Diego Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature, Fall Quarter 2014 
 The Judaic Studies Program housed in the department of History within the Division of Arts and Humanities at UC San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body. We invite applicants for a one quarter visiting position at UC-San Diego during the fall quarter of 2014. The successful candidate will teach two courses, one to be a survey of Modern Hebrew Literature in translation, the other in an area of Judaic Studies of their choice. Candidates should be eager to engage with faculty and graduate students in Literature and Judaic Studies while at UCSD, and be prepared to deliver a public seminar on their research during the quarter. We welcome applicants with a comparative focus, as well as those with an emphasis in Hebrew language and literature. Junior applicants are especially encouraged to apply, although visiting senior candidates will also be considered. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong or potential accomplishments in areas committed to diversity, equality and inclusion, and a desire to play leadership role in advancing UC San Diego's commitment to achieving excellence and diversity. 
 Applicants should submit a cover letter, cv, and a sample syllabus, as well as three letters of recommendation to Sally Hargate at  judaicstudies@ucsd.ed  by January 15, 2014. 
 UCSD is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to excellence through diversity. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48025 
 -- 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Hebrew literature ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs ,  University of California ,  ספרות עברית  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: UCL, Teaching Fellow in Modern Hebrew Language 
 Posted on  June 11, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in Modern Hebrew Language 
 University College London  - Hebrew and Jewish Studies 
 Part Time : 9 hours per week (term time only) (0.24%FTE) 
 The appointment will be on UCL Grade 7. The salary range will be £35,707 - £38,744 per annum. Appointments are normally made at the bottom of the scale, inclusive of London Allowance. 
 The Department of Hebrew and Jewish Studies is seeking to appoint a part-time Teaching Fellow in Modern Hebrew Language at beginners and lower intermediate levels, as part of its Modern Hebrew Language programme. This is a seasonal appointment funded from 17 September 2012 to 14 June 2013. 
 The post will entail 9 weekly hours of class teaching and tutorials plus preparation and marking. The postholder must undertake to carry out other duties within the scope, spirit and purpose of the job as requested by the Hebrew Language Coordinator. 
 The successful candidate will have native speaker competence in Hebrew and hold a Teachers' Training College Certificate or equivalent. Teaching experience in or al and written Hebrew at undergraduate level in the UK Higher Education system or Israeli schools/Ulpanim is essential. The postholder will have excellent communication and organisational skills. Good IT knowledge is essential. 
 For further details about the vacancy and how to apply on line please go to  http://www.ucl.ac.uk/hr/jobs/  and search on Reference Number 1257599. 
 Applications will only be considered if accompanied by a detailed cv. If you are unable to apply online please contact Lia Kahn-Zajtmann at  l.kahn-zajtmann@ucl.ac.uk 
 Closing Date: 21/6/2012 
 Interview Date: Last week of June 2012 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East 
 Posted on  May 5, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East 
 **** 
 University of Oxford  - Faculty of Oriental Studies 
 Faculty of Oriental Studies, Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
 
 Salary:  Grade 7 in the range £29,249 - £31,020 p.a. 
 
 Closing Date:  05 June 2012 
 The University proposes to appoint a full-time Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East in the Faculty of Oriental Studies for up to a year to provide teaching, administration and examining during the academic year 2012-2013. 
 This is a temporary appointment to provide interim cover during the research leave of the permanent postholder, Dr Eugene Rogan. The principal duties of the post are to give lectures, classes and tutorials in the Modern History of the Middle East; to supervise dissertations; to examine; to carry out research; and to play a part in administrative work relating to the Islamic World Subject Group. 
 Applicants must hold a doctorate in the field of the Modern History of the Middle East; have a primary expertise in one or other aspect of modern Arab history, and be able to demonstrate competence to teach late Ottoman, modern Turkish, and Israeli history at undergraduate and graduate levels; have a research command in Arabic and/or another modern Middle Eastern language, and in at least one European language (in addition to English); be able to demonstrate a commitment to publishing research of the highest calibre; be able and willing to undertake limited administrative responsibilities; and have good communication, interpersonal and organisational skills. 
 Closing date for applications is 12 noon on Tuesday 5 June 2012. Applications for this vacancy are to be made online: 
 https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Oxford, Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  February 3, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Click here for links and further details:  https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
 Grade 8: £36,862 – £44,016 p.a. 
 The University proposes to appoint a University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies from 1 September 2012 or as soon as possible thereafter for five years. 
The successful candidate will also be appointed to a Fellowship in Israel Studies in the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, a Recognised Independent Centre of the University. The University Research Lecturer will be required to carry out research in the field of Israel Studies; to promote and disseminate research; to teach; and to fulfil general duties for the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies. 
The successful applicant will have the potential to be a recognised authority in his or her field; by the time of appointment hold a doctorate (or equivalent) in some aspect of the study of Israel Studies; have a record of scholarly publications; a commitment to teaching; the potential to provide academic leadership; and be able to demonstrate a dedication to disseminating knowledge about Israel to a wider public. 
Applicants without all of the required skills and experience may be considered for appointment at Grade 7 (£29,099 - £35,788 p.a.) with an appropriate amendment in the duties. 
Applications for this vacancy are to be made online not later than noon on Thursday 23 February 2012, by which date two references should also reach the Faculty (please see further particulars for details). Interviews will be held in Oxford on Monday 12 March 2012. 
 Contact Person : Charlotte Vinnicombe 
Vacancy ID : 101972 
 Contact Phone : 01865 278210 
 Closing Date : 23-Feb-2012 
 Contact Email:  
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
