  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  Up to £14.55 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Procurement Officer 
 Job Title: Procurement Officer 
Location: Nottingham, NG2 (homeworking under government guidance) 
Contract Type: 3 months' possible extension 
Weekly Hours: 37 Hours 
Work Pattern: Monday - Friday, 09:00am - 05:00pm 
 Role Profile 
 , To abide by and ensure that all procurement, including procurement documents and information, complies with UK, European legislation and Company Standing Orders. 
, To liaise with in-house clients, suppliers and contractors to ensure the products and services supplied meet the operational requirements. 
, To source suppliers / contractors on behalf of the Company through competitive tendering. 
, To undertake with nominated responsible officers, price and quality evaluations on all tenders in line with relevant legislation and best practice and co-ordinate involvement of evaluation team. 
 , To compile draft summary reports on tender outcomes with recommendations for the award of contracts in conjunction with the Procurement Manager. 
, To support and advise operational areas on contract management. 
, To undertake review of tenders provide recommendations to improve performance and Value for Money. 
, To raise, monitor and goods receive purchase orders in line with the requirements of the Standing Orders. 
, Responsible and accountable for promoting and encouraging tenants and leaseholders to be involved as respected partners in influencing, developing and improving services. 
Candidate Specification 
 , Evidence of production of tenders (including European advertised through OJEU) to a high standard 
, Strong working knowledge of all relevant procurement legislation, including UK & EU Regulations, and Company Standing Orders etc. 
, Experience of managing product portfolios, contracts and producing tender documentation. 
, Experience of contributing to strategies and plans developed to meet service area and Company objectives. 
If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
If you require any additional information regarding the position, please call Ryan at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 966 or send an E-Mail to ryan.curwen@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £14.55 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Purchasing 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-09 12:00:23 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Case Progression and Assurance Manager 
 Service Administrator  
 Support Worker  
 CAMHS Mental Health Practitioner 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
