Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Doorperson (full time) 
 The Fairmont Royal York 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Primary Location 
: Canada-Toronto-The Fairmont Royal York 
Employee Status 
: Regular 
 Doorperson (full-time) 
You are the Ambassador of our Hotel, often providing both the first and last impression to our guests. As such your goal is to provide the highest caliber of guest service to the hotel guest on both arrival and departure as well throughout the length of the guests stay. In this role, you should possess the desire to be in the spotlight and thrive knowing that the general public will constantly look to you for both a warm greeting and ability to offer assistance. 
 Hotel Overview: 
Located in the heart of downtown Toronto, Fairmont Royal York is within walking distance to the city’s world-famous theatre district, vibrant nightlife and Toronto’s best shopping and dining. Ninety years after opening its doors in 1929, Fairmont Royal York continues to be the epicenter of the essential Toronto experience and embodies the true meaning of hospitality. With a grand-scale transformation underway to present a revitalized Fairmont Royal York, the evolution of the hotel’s storied history invites a new generation of visitors and guests to discover this next chapter. With over 1300 guest rooms, 70,000 square feet of meeting and conference space, and over 1200 colleagues, Fairmont Royal York depicts the elegance of its past while providing a promising future as Toronto’s leading luxury hotel. 
 Summary of Responsibilities: 
Reporting to the Assistant Guest Services Manager and Director of Guest Services, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: 
 To report for duty on time with a professional appearance and clean appropriate uniform with all the tools needed to start your shift. 
Greet all guests with a smile and an appropriate hospitality greeting 
To be at your post at all times. 
Greet all guests arriving by vehicle or by foot and clearly direct guest to registration areas. 
Promote Valet parking service to guests arriving by vehicle, while ensure all vehicle keys are clearly identified and stored in locked location. 
Strict adherence to both Fairmont and LQA Service Standard expectations 
Awareness and acknowledgement of all our Fairmont President Club Members 
Ensure all entrances are free and clear of congestion for arrival and departure of guest vehicles. Move and organize vehicles on the driveway. 
Complete thorough walk around of guests vehicles prior to parking at the East Doors Spots and highlights any damage on corresponding valet parking ticket 
To be noticeably positioned at entrances to provide luggage assistance upon arrival, and departure and will assist in the loading and unloading of luggage and ensure that it is sent to the location requested by the guest. 
When requested or anticipated will provide guests with information and answers to questions about Hotel facilities such as; meeting facilities, dining options, local visitor and tourist attractions, and transportation information. 
If unable to provide the required assistance, refer to another resource for successful completion. 
Provide luggage storage by directing guests to the Bell Desk. 
Assist in fire alarms by fulfilling duties as outlined in the Hotel fire response manual. 
Assist in ensuring guest and co-worker safety and security by reporting any suspicious or unusual behavior to AGSM/GSM and hotel security services. 
In the course of normal duties, to observe, report, or take immediate corrective action on deficiencies, malfunctions, and untidiness. 
 Qualifications: 
Available to work weekends, evenings and shift work 
Ability to work outside in all seasons – hot summers and cold winters 
Excellent verbal communication & interpersonal skills 
Previous Guest Services experience a strong asset 
Thrives under pressure 
Team oriented 
Customer service focused, professional manner and warm, outgoing personality 
Good command of the English language 
Valid Driver’s License with no infractions 
Able to drive manual and standard vehicles 
 Physical Aspects of Position (include but are not limited to): 
 Frequent lifting and carrying up to 50 lbs 
 Constant standing and walking throughout shift 
 Constant kneeling, pushing, pulling, lifting 
Frequent ascending or descending ladders, stairs and ramps 
 Visa Requirements:  Must be legally able to work in Canada. 
 APPLY TODAY:  Whether you’re launching your career or seeking meaningful employment, we invite you to visit http://www.fairmontcareers.com/ to learn more about Fairmont Hotels & Resorts—and the extraordinary opportunities that exist! 
 Accessibility:  Fairmont Hotels and Resorts believes in outstanding hospitality. We are committed to respecting the independence and dignity of all persons by providing a barrier-free environment for all guests, colleagues, and job applicants. Accommodations are available upon request for all applicants with a disability throughout the recruitment process. Please contact Human Resources at 416-860-5091or ryh.careers@fairmont.com if you require accommodation. 
 ABOUT FAIRMONT HOTELS & RESORTS 
At Fairmont Hotels & Resorts we offer our guests the finest hospitality experience in each of our destinations. And we know that, to offer our guests the best, we first need to offer our employees the best. That’s why you'll find exceptional work opportunities—throughout North America and the Caribbean, Europe and Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific—as well as industry-leading training, career development, recognition and rewards. Fairmont Hotels & Resorts is a celebrated collection of hotels that includes landmark locations like London’s The Savoy, New York’s The Plaza, and Shanghai’s Fairmont Peace Hotel. Our teams are guided by values of Respect, Integrity, Teamwork and Empowerment; we employ the highest ethical and quality standards, treating all colleagues with fairness and dignity. A community and environmental leader, Fairmont is also regarded for its responsible tourism practices and award-winning Green Partnership program. An exciting future awaits! 
 Fairmont Hotels and Resorts believes in outstanding hospitality. We are committed to respecting the independence and dignity of all persons by providing a barrier-free environment for all guests, colleagues, and job applicants. Accommodations are available upon request for all applicants with a disability throughout the recruitment process. Please contact Human Resources at 416-860-5091or ryh.careers@fairmont.com if you require accommodation 
 Job Level 
: Colleague 
Schedule 
: Full-time 
Shift 
: Rotating / Shift Work 
Travel 
: No 
Closing Date 
: 17.Jan.2020, 10:59:00 PM 
 Job Number: 
RYH02761 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
