  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Customer Success Manager 
 at Adzuna 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤28000 - ₤32000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤28000 - ₤32000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Job Title - Customer Success Manager 
 Salary - £28,000 - £32,000 
 Location - Fulham, UK + Remote 
 About us: 
 Adzuna is a job search engine that lists every job, everywhere. From launch in the UK in 2011, we now have more than 10 million visitors a month and are busy conquering the world from our office in West London, helping millions of people find better, more fulfilling jobs. 
 The role: 
 Adzuna's success to date has been down to the skills, hard work and determination of the brilliant people we have hired. Right now, we're seeking a Customer Success Manager to deliver successful campaigns for Fortune 500 US & Canada based customers. This is an incredible opportunity to work at the forefront of cutting edge technology and take our North America offering to the next level, making a difference by helping companies hire more of the right people. 
 You'll be joining a growing North America Sales team based both in our UK HQ and US satellite office and working alongside Marketing and Tech to optimise and deliver campaigns. Reporting to the Head of Operations North America in London, you will be seen as an analytical and process expert and utilise these skills to help customers grow with Adzuna as their advertising partner of choice. The Sales team will benefit from your experience to date but even more important is the passion you bring to work every day. You will strive for excellence, try new things, inspire and engage those around you and feel ownership of overall company success as well as pride in doing your bit. 
What's in it for you?: 
 What's in it for you? Adzuna is a growing scale-up, championing real change in the job market globally - using the power of tech to match people to better, more fulfilling jobs. We're at a really pivotal time in our journey and it's an exciting moment to join. We're growing rapidly in North America in particular on the back of cutting-edge programmatic technology, expanding our labour market data offerings and growing year on year (and hiring!) despite COVID-19. 
 Like everyone here, you will act like an owner, be a team player and make a difference. It's an opportunity to work with a smart team led by experienced management and dedicated and passionate Founders. 
 It's not an easy feat, but our aim is to create a business of which we are all proud and an environment where you will love to be, where you can be yourself to do what you do best. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Campaign Management: 
 
 Support the US based Direct team with onboarding, managing and maintaining accurate records within our CRM for 100+ clients to client's agreed KPIs 
 Provide timely budget forecasts to Sales and traffic conversion analysis across a full range of partners and sources to Marketing team to maximise performance 
 Work closely with Tech to find optimal solutions for campaign management & proactively identify risks to budget delivery and/or KPIs 
 Test new channels and approaches, whilst measuring and improving performance and efficiency to maximise revenue growth 
 Own the full campaign process, developing the process and systems, managing client and sales team expectations and upgrading team understanding 
 Analyse conversion results including but not limited to: top performing job categories, optimal bids, and segmentation to inform sales team of areas for future targeting 
 
 In General: 
 
 Have a complete understanding of Adzuna's proposition; products and services to enable all customers' needs to be serviced 
 Liaise closely with the Marketing & Tech teams to ensure continued world-class user experience for all current and prospective clients 
 Report back any competitive information / sales trends you feel would be useful to the business 
 Document sales trends and report customer/prospect feedback and report back to management 
 Research opportunities and competition 
 Support the Head of Operations and VP of Sales, North America on larger accounts when required 
 
 Requirements 
 We don't like to put people in boxes, but you're likely to be able to demonstrate experience of, or aptitude for, much of the below: 
 Preferred Experience 
 
 Excellent numerical and analytical skills 
 Strong people skills and passion for great customer service 
 1-3 years experience in a similar role for example in business analytics, account management, or product management 
 High competence with MS Office suite (Excel) 
 Technical aptitude and ability to learn software programs 
 
 It's a bonus if you have: 
 
 Experience with project management software (Jira), Data (Google Analytics), and CRM applications 
 Good understanding of online advertising ideally with CPC and CPA models/ pricing 
 Having exposure to American culture through studies or travel 
 University degree, ideally in something like business, maths, computer science or some other technical field 
 
 Personal Characteristics: 
 
 Enjoy working to time-driven targets with a flexible, positive attitude 
 Show a desire to make decisions, take ownership and make judgement calls 
 Highly organised with great attention to detail and commitment to excellence 
 Ambitious, energetic, action-oriented and smart person, enjoys building strong relationships, taking ownership and making decisions 
 Able to work flexible hours (10am - 7pm / 11am - 8pm) to accommodate for US time zone differences 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Reward We offer a competitive financial package which includes competitive salary, stock options, a contributory pension scheme and Perks at Work. 
 Wellbeing: We take the wellbeing of our employees seriously and have taken every step possible to protect the health and wellbeing of our people during COVID-19. Amongst other things, we offer healthcare through Babylon Health, access to free counselling and a programme of wellbeing activities and events. We have a flexible working policy and during COVID-19, for the foreseeable, no one is expected back in the office unless they choose to attend. We also run regular wellbeing workshops, offer enhanced maternity and paternity leave, and 25 days paid holiday per year 
 Training: Through our Adzuna Academy training programme, attending (virtual) conferences, team training budgets, individual development plans and coaching from experienced and supportive peers and managers. 
 Fun stuff: An environment that is thoughtfully designed to allow for work and play including (when we're not restricted by COVID-19) a roof terrace, bar and table tennis. We have a packed social calendar, twice annual global team get-togethers and an enviable culture thanks to the amazing and smart people who make Adzuna a great place to work. Much of this is all done remotely at the moment of course - even during COVID-19 we are still managing to have a lot of fun 'together' thanks to our great Social Committee. 
 
 A bit more about Adzuna: 
 Adzuna is a smarter, more transparent job search engine used by tens of millions of visitors per month. We love using the awesome power of technology to bring together every job in one place, help match people to better, more fulfilling jobs and keep Britain working. 
 Adzuna.co.uk is a 100 person business operating across 16 territories and was founded in 2011 by Andrew Hunter and Doug Monro, formerly of eBay, Gumtree, Qype and Zoopla. 
 We are backed by leading Venture Capital firms Passion Capital, LocalGlobe, Index Ventures and Smedvig Capital. 
 We've spent a decade developing smarter, more transparent job search so jobseekers worldwide (we're in 16 countries) can zero in on the right role faster. 
 We also supply real-time data to the Number 10 Dashboard and Office for National Statistics labour market indices. In 2018, Adzuna won the contract to run Find a job, one of the British government's most used online services. 
 We treat jobseekers as people not as products. We do the same for our team, seeing the diverse range of strengths they bring to our business. Regardless of background, race, gender, sexuality or ability, we welcome everyone to our team. Our people are the most important asset we have. 
 Please let us know if we need to accommodate a disability during the hiring process, so that we can give you the support you need. 
 Published at 22 Dec 2020 - Expires on 22 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Adzuna 
 fulltime  Strategy Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __14-09-2020 
 fulltime  Campaign Analyst  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-10-2020 
 fulltime  Global Partnerships Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __25-11-2020 
 fulltime  B2B Marketing Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-12-2020 
 fulltime  Agency Lead Germany  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Perl Developer  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Development Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Account Manager, France  at Adzuna in London 
 __04-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
