Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Shop 
 Corporate Giveaways 
 Careers 
 Website 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Handmade Vegan Leathergoods 
 Tag: Careers 
 Why being part of our Jacinto & Lirio team is different! We're hiring! 
 Posted on  August 22, 2013August 29, 2016  by  Noreen Bautista 
 Jacinto & Lirio is hiring for a social business manager! 
 
 Our enterprise, EcoIngenuity Inc is now on its 3rd year! 
 So many things have happened already, and our young team has learned so much in building a business that strives to embody the values of social entrepreneurship. We have been involving volunteers and interns in our work, and they have helped us build our enterprise to where it is now, and for that we are grateful! 
 In the end, there is still so much more work to be done. But here are 5 reasons why joining our team at this point in time is more exciting and different from before: 
 1. We 're gearing for bigger growth! 
 Admittedly, we are still not as big as people think we are. But our goals are still definitely bigger than ever! We have nationwide partnerships with stores outside Metro Manila, (Cebu, Davao, South Luzon, Cagayan de Oro, Iloilo, Bacolod, and soon Boracay). We exported our first shipment to the Middle East early this year and are actively looking forward to partnerships with distributors in US, Australia, UK and Japan. 
 You will be surprised what a lean team of young entrepreneurs can do to make that happen. 
 If we can get more passionate and stellar team mates on board to push more excellence in our marketing work, we can even reach more shores, and achieve more sales to channel back to the  our community partners . 
 2. Unique entrepreneurial experience 
 Just hear from our previous interns on how their experience was with us:  https://jacintoandlirio.wordpress.com/2013/04/29/social-entrepreneurship-advocate/ 
 https://jacintoandlirio.wordpress.com/2012/08/22/a-meaningful-summer-at-jacinto-lirio/ 
 Although we don't promise a walk in the park (it rarely is!), but we strive to open the eyes of those we work with to the awesome journey of entrepreneurship, as we ourselves learn how to build a business that strives to achieve positive social impact. 
 3. More mentors involved 
 We have amazing partnerships brewing with mentors from  CBS  (Consulting Business Services for Social Enterprises of the Benita & Catalino Yap Foundation), our alma mater Ateneo de Manila University, and partner organizations who have been with us right from the beginning  (Philippine Business for Social Progress ,  Ayala Foundation , etc.) 
 4. Collaborative Projects 
 Take part in our upcoming collaborative projects with fellow social enterprises: 
 Human Heart Nature , 
 The Dream Project , 
 MUNI 
 and (something very exciting for us!) 
 KIVA.org 
 5. #LiveYOURStory Campaign 
 One of the key pillars of our efforts this year is our  #LiveYourStory  Campaign. It is an advocacy that aims to empower our customers to live the story that they always wanted to live. To create their own story, connect with the stories of others, and empower more people through their stories shared. It roots back to our own experience in Jacinto & Lirio -- how we stumbled on this amazing story of the water hyacinth plant (a nusiance that was turned into a material of elegance), that was transformed by community artisans into beautiful products that in turn empower both those who buy it, and those who created it. 
 We know a lot of people need to live their own stories as well. Being part of our team, will allow you to be part of this movement in getting people to #LiveYourStory! Of course, we are set on embodying this as well, so you will get to LIVE YOUR OWN STORY as you grow with our team. 
 -- 
 And if these are not enough, check out this article on what to expect when working with a startup!  http://www.forbes.com/sites/davidtao/2013/05/23/innovation-is-required-9-lessons-learned-working-at-a-startup/ 
 -- 
 Do these interest you enough? If you feel a burning desire to join our team, then send us your CV at contact@jacintoadlirio.com! 
 We look forward to exploring possibilities with you! 
 Tagged  Careers ,  jacinto and lirio ,  job opening ,  startup 1 Comment 
 Search for: 
 J&L Stories 
 
 Eco-friendly Mother's Day Gift Ideas  May 5, 2020 
 14 Different Ways to Use a Journal  May 4, 2020 
 Eco-friendly Out of the House Essential Kit for the New Normal  April 28, 2020 
 Passion and Stewardship  April 22, 2020 
 Jacinto & Lirio’s Functional Planners Are Also Eco-Friendly  July 29, 2019 
 
 Follow Our Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 12,042 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Categories 
 
 #LiveYOURStory  (9) 
 Careers  (2) 
 Eco Fashion  (4) 
 Impact  (14) 
 J&L History  (4) 
 Journaling Hacks  (1) 
 Organization Tips  (2) 
 Social Entrepreneurs  (4) 
 [Sustainable Living Hacks](https://jacintoandlirio.wordpress.com/category/sustainable-living-hacks/ "Welcome Jacinto & Lirio, Eco-chic Social Socialites! 
 
 JACINTO & LIRIO (meaning “Hyacinth” and “Lily”), is a social enterprise that transforms a “pest” into eco-iconic and multi-functional vegan leathergoods sustainably made from water hyacinth, with a mission to empower affected families by the water hyacinth infestation problem through livelihood generation. 
 This community was created to celebrate the lifestyle of men and women who empower 
 For decades many women have aspired to be the “It Girl” in society. The “Socialite” –active in social circles, always revered for her sense of style. However, today’s “Socialite” and “It Girl” has evolved from merely a thing of beauty and status to a woman of substance. She is more than just a pretty face; she’s smart, stylish, fabulous, generous, and truly empowered. 
 Jacinto&Lirio highlights women who redefine the socialite or the “it girl”. 
 We are witness to the emergence of a new consciousness of women in the fashionable world. These are women who are looked up at, not just for their stylishness, but also for their proactive work in empowering society. They are more proactively involved in their advocacy (unlike the generations before them who’s philanthropy was defined by the amount of checks issued to charity). She is a woman whose actions and opinions influence positive change in society—The Social Socialite") (1) 
 
 Uncategorized  (9) 
 Weddings & Special Occasions  (1) 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
