__ 
 Search the site 
 
 
 Home 
 Local Casinos by Region 
 
 US Casinos 
 Canadian Casinos 
 South American Casinos 
 European Casinos 
 Asian Casinos 
 
 
 Best Online Casinos 
 
 USA Accepted Online Casinos 
 Safest & Most Trusted 
 Best Bonus Casinos 
 Live Dealer Casinos 
 Mobile Phone Casinos 
 Online Casino Deposits 
 Online Casino Games
 
 Online Blackjack 
 Online Video Poker 
 Online Three Card Poker 
 Online Roulette 
 Online Pai Gow 
 Online Craps 
 Online Baccarat 
 
 
 More Ways to Gamble Online
 
 Online Sports Betting 
 Online Horse Race Betting 
 Online Poker 
 Online Bingo 
 Online Lotteries 
 
 
 
 
 Beginners Guide 
 
 Player Reward Programs 
 
 Total Rewards 
 M life Rewards 
 Wynn Red Card Club Program 
 PNG Marquee Rewards Program 
 Station Casinos Boarding Pass 
 Eldorado ONE Club 
 
 
 Table Games 
 Slots 
 Video Poker 
 Poker 
 Sports Betting 
 
 
 News 
 
 __ 
 Atlantic City Casinos Boast Plentiful Job Openings 
 Date Written: Feb 20, 2017 
 Written by: Kyle Joseph 
 According to the Press of Atlantic City , there are plenty of casino jobs to be had and that number is constantly growing. On top of that, the jobs that are open have been open for quite some time and are still not being filled. Being that Atlantic City has seen almost 10,000 jobs vanish in the past 5 years or so, people are under the impression that there are no jobs to be had. In reality, nothing could be further from the truth. 
 800+ Positions Available 
 According to iGaming, there are currently well over 800 full and part-time positions available at the present moment in time. These positions range from dealers and other positions on the casino floor, to support positions such as those in restaurants. 
 There are many possibilities as to why there are so many casino positions open and not being filled. One of the leading reasons is because of competition from neighboring states. Looking for employees who have casino experience, casinos in Pennsylvania and Maryland have been recruiting Atlantic City casino employees and offering them more money for the same positions at these new brick and mortar locations. 
 Another misnomer and false belief is that because Atlantic City has a high, localized rate of unemployment, the 800+ positions should be filled overnight. While that is a solid train of thought, Rummy Pandit, of the Lloyd D. Levenson Institute of Gaming, commented on how unemployment rates do not necessarily coincide with the filling of open positions. He said, “Those recently unemployed could be readjusting lifestyles and assessing future career decisions. There could be a mismatch between available positions and the type of position the labor force is looking for, for example employers may need part-time or on call employees, while potential employees may be looking for full time employment or vice versa.” 
 Caesar’s, which operates 3  Atlantic City casinos , is currently offering more than 500 open positions at the present moment in time. Most of the positions are not on the casino floor, but rather in the different restaurants at Caesar’s properties. Right now, Caesar’s owns and operates Caesar’s Atlantic City, Bally’s Atlantic City, and Harrah’s. 
 To put in perspective how dismal the current employment situation at Atlantic City casinos is compared to what it used to be, there are just over 21,000 people employed by the city’s casinos. Out of this 21,000+, 16,000 of these people are full-time employees. When Atlantic City was thriving, before states like Maryland and Pennsylvania opened up to brick and mortar gambling, there were in upwards of 50,000 people employed. Things have gone downhill in the last 10 or more years, but there are still plenty of jobs to be had. Anyone, whether you have casino worker experience or not, is urged to check out the open positions. In the opinion of many, the biggest problem preventing these jobs from being filled is the fact that the overriding belief is that there are no casino jobs available. That could not be further from the truth as the number of open jobs at Atlantic City casinos is plentiful, and growing all the time. 
 Related Posts: 
 
 New Casino Openings Create Job Opportunities 
 Failed Atlantic City Casinos 
 Atlantic City Casinos 
 US Gambling & Casinos Guide 
 New Jersey Online Casinos & Gambling Sites 
 Harrah's Atlantic City Review 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 
 Bios 
 Gaming Companies 
 Cryptocurrency Gambling 
 Responsible Gambling 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 Sitemap 
 
 Find Us: 
 World Casino Index © 2019 
