Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Office Management Specialist 
 Posted on  October 12, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 10.11.17–  Office Management Specialist 
United States Department of State, worldwide positions 
 Sarah P’s comments  : For US librarians without a MLIS and/or those who would like to break into the Foreign Service, here is an opportunity which calls for librarian skills and experience. FYI: this position was last listed in March of this year. (The Foreign Service does employ librarians. They are called IRO’s – Information Resource Officers. For more information about these positions which open only every 2-4 years, please read Chapter 6 of my  book  and look at the  Resources  page.) 
 We are currently accepting applications for  Foreign Service Office Management Specialist (OMS)  positions. 
 As an OMS, you will be a key coordinator in the efficient flow of information, successful project and event management, and essential office support. OMS duties include scheduling meetings, coordinating high-level visits and conferences, arranging travel, preparing written materials, circulating incoming electronic correspondence, and supporting information technology and records. You will provide office management and administrative support to U.S. diplomats in embassies and consulates abroad and domestically in Washington D.C. and New York. 
 All potential applicants are strongly urged to  read the entire vacancy announcement  to ensure that they meet all of the requirements for this position before applying. When you are ready to begin the online application process, visit  USAJOBS .  Please note that the deadline to submit completed applications is October 24, 2017. 
 Applicants must be U.S. citizens and at least 20 years old to apply. They must be at least 21 years of age to be appointed. By law, all career candidates must be appointed to the Foreign Service prior to the month in which they reach age 60, except for preference eligible veterans. Applicants must also be available for worldwide service, and be able to obtain all required security, medical and suitability clearances. 
 If you have any questions or would like to search for topics of interest, please visit our  forums  or  FAQs  at  careers.state.gov . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  News  and tagged  International work  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
