
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Plato (W16) 
 We help engineering + product leaders develop soft skills and build better teams. 
 Software Engineering Intern 
 $30k - $50k • 0.00% - 0.00% 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Plato 
 At Plato, we’re on a mission to help engineering managers become great leaders. Our platform intelligently matches “mentees” to highly experienced engineering leaders of various backgrounds to help resolve their most pressing management challenges. After raising over $3M from SaaStr's Jason Lemkin, Slack, Zoom CEO Eric Yuan, and more earlier this year, we've experienced exceptional and rapid growth. 
 About the role 
 At Plato, we’re on a mission to help engineering managers become great leaders. Our platform intelligently matches “mentees” to highly experienced engineering leaders of various backgrounds to help resolve their most pressing management challenges. After raising over $3M from SaaStr's Jason Lemkin, Slack, Zoom CEO Eric Yuan, and more earlier this year, we've experienced exceptional and rapid growth. 
 We’re looking for an Engineer intern to join our small but very productive team. As we grow, we need someone to help us improve our product and our internal tooling, driving them forward both with their contributions. 
 Who you are 
 
 A mission-driven person: At Plato, we're all passionate about our mission to elevate the leadership game in the world 
 A product engineer: You will not be building features without having challenged it and fully understand the user value 
 A strong technologist: You are willing to learn new technology and apply the state of the art practices 
 A team player: You're a natural team player, you can talk with other non-technical department 
 A pragmatist: your solutions are not ivory towers but driven by the context 
 A thinker: you are logical, can evaluate a problem quickly, abstract it and propose solutions 
 
 We encourage people from historically underrepresented communities in technology to apply, including but not limited to women, people of color, people with disabilities and those who identify as LGBTQ. 
 Requirements 
 Must haves 
 
 BA/BS in Engineering or equivalent in experience 
 
 Nice to haves 
 
 Analytical and Structured - You are able to structure and process qualitative and quantitative data and draw insightful conclusions from it. Exhibits a probing mind and achieves penetrating insights. 
 Humble and Growth mindset - You're humble and you're always finding way to grow in your skills and mindset with books, mentors, training... 
 Persistent - You demonstrate tenacity and willingness to go the distance to get something done. 
 Efficiency - You're able to produce significant output with minimal wasted effort. 
 Honesty / integrity - You do not cut corners ethically, earns trust and maintain confidences. 
 Openness to criticism and ideas - You often solicit feedback and reacts calmly to criticism or negative feedback. 
 Follow-through on commitments - You live up to verbal and written agreements, regardless of personal cost. 
 Enthusiasm - You exhibits passion and excitement over work and have a "can-do attitude". 
 Work ethic - You have a strong willingness to work hard and sometimes long hours to get the job done 
 Listening skills - You let others speak and seeks to understand their viewpoints. 
 Teamwork - Reaching out to peers to establish and overall collaborative working relationship. 
 Customer Empathy - You understand the underlying needs and feelings of customers to deliver a delightful experience 
 Passionate - Passion is contagious 
 
 Your key missions 
 At Plato, you’ll enjoy a scrappy startup environment, collaborative and thoughtful team members, lots of natural light. Plato provides everything you personally need to get your job done. We are passionate about our mission and are lucky to see the impact of our work, everyday! 
 We’re looking for someone who’s passionate about building products that can last. If you are looking for challenges, and want to have impact in a fast growing company, come and join us! Your key activities 
 
 Contributing on building features that will impact out users 
 Contributing on building internal tools to support operations 
 Ensure quality by participating to QA sessions, reviewing the team’s code and bug fixing 
 Learn from the best engineering and product leaders in the world ( https://www.platohq.com/mentors ) 
 
 Closing words 
 Very few companies have the potential to do something truly meaningful to actually help others. We believe that making managers better, more successful, and happier results in a happier overall workplace. And improving that even 10% leads to a ripple effect. 
 We spend nearly all of our waking lives at work. Let's make that better. 
 Technology 
 Back-end: Java Spring Boot Front-end: React + Typescript, NextJS and TailwindCSS 
 Other jobs at Plato 
 Executive Assistant 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $20k - $30k 
 3+ years 
 Software Engineering Intern 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $30k - $50k 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 Any 
 Head of Operations 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $80k - $120k 
 0.50% - 1.50% 
 6+ years 
 Sr Full-Stack Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $80k - $120k 
 0.50% - 1.50% 
 6+ years 
 Growth Engineer Intern 
 intern 
 San francisco, CA 
 Full Stack 
 Any 
 Head of BD and Partnership 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $70k - $120k 
 0.10% - 0.40% 
 3+ years 
 Head of Sales 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $100k - $240k 
 0.50% - 0.80% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
