Skip to content 
 
 Legal Specialists 
 Recruiting and Placement 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Home Posts tagged 'Job Descriptions' 
 Job Descriptions 
 Tips About Job Descriptions 
 July 12, 2010   Gregg Foss   Human Resources   Job Descriptions ,  Job Responsibilities 
 Well-composed job descriptions are communication tools that are significant in an organization’s success and can avoid confusion and disappointment. Shallow, poorly written descriptions can discourage qualified employment candidates from pursuing what could be the ideal position for them, and perhaps a perfect match for the employer. 
 Descriptions should clearly spell out the details and responsibilities of a specific job and include information about knowledge, background and skills needed to perform the required functions. However, wordy descriptions can be as negative as wordy resumes. 
 The best descriptions are those that are updated as responsibilities change and do not limit employees, but rather, encourage them to stretch their experience, grow their skills, and develop their ability to contribute to the organization’s goals. 
 Keeping descriptions current and flexible is not an easy thing to do. It is a good idea to review appropriate changes on a regular basis. We recommend a disclaimer stating that the description is not intended to cover every facet of duties/responsibilities and is subject to change at management’s discretion. 
 Share this: Blog 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Accountability   Benefits   Body language   Careers   Change   Commitment   Commitments   Contract Workers   Counteroffers   Counter Offers   Cover Letters   Dissension   Downsizing   Economic Readjustment   Effective Communication   Ego   Empathy   Employment   essentiality   essentialness   FaceBook   Financial Recovery   Generation Gap   Hiring   In-demand skill sets   Indispensability   Interviewing   Jigsaw   Job Descriptions   Job Responsibilities   Jobs   Layoffs   LinkedIn   Loyalty   Management   Mentoring   Momentum   Morale   Motivation   Networking   Non verbal communication   Optimism   Performance Evaluations   Perks   Planning   Posture   Power Struggles   Productivity   Profit   Promises   Promotions   Recognition   Recruiters vs HR   Recruiting   Recruiting Strategies   Referencing   Reputation   Respect   Resumes   Retention   Risks   Social Activities   Social Media   Social Recruiting   Spoke   Staffing   summer picnics   Teamwork   Temp-To-Hire   Temporaries   Truth in Hiring   Uncertainty   vitalness   Wage Wars   Work Environment 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
