  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Civil Engineering Jobs in New Zealand 
 Civil Engineering Jobs in New Zealand 
 Are you interested in getting a job as a civil engineer in New Zealand?  Working In has all the latest civil engineering positions for skilled overseas workers.  The chances of getting full-time work as a civil engineer in NZ are excellent due to a nationwide construction boom, and a shortage of skilled and trained workers.  Browse through our civil engineering vacancies to find a role that's right for you. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Search Civil Engineering Vacancies 
 As of 2018, New Zealand has an increasing demand for skilled civil engineers.  The job is on Immigration New Zealand's long-term skill shortage list, so you are likely to find vacancies at any given time. International skilled workers are actively encouraged by the government to fill civil engineering positions. 
 To browse the new civil engineering jobs available on Working In, use our helpful search tool to match your specific requirements.  You can filter jobs by city, region, salary range, company name or experience level to find a role that suits your lifestyle.  Start applying today and your next role could be with one of New Zealand's top employers! 
 Graduate Civil Engineering Jobs 
 The most common way to become a professional civil engineer is to complete a four-year Bachelor of Engineering with Honours (BE Hons) degree.  If you have recently graduated, we can help you find suitable graduate civil engineering jobs in New Zealand today to build on your knowledge and skills.  Useful experience includes work in building and construction, surveying work, and experience with practical tasks such as geotechnical testing or site investigations. 
 Graduates who meet the requirements (usually about 5-6 years of work experience) can also apply to the Institution of Professional Engineers New Zealand (IPENZ) to register as a chartered professional engineer.  Browse our civil engineering vacancies to find a position suited to your skills and experience. 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
