Skip to content 
 
 treasured inspiration 
 holding on to the imagination found in everyday life 
 Menu 
 Search 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Professional 
 Blogroll 
 Contact 
 
 Search for: Search 
   
 Category: Career 
 A new adventure! 
 On  March 2, 2016June 6, 2018  By  treasuredinspiration In  Career ,  Public Relations 2 Comments 
 Far from a legend, but thanks, Chris aka "Pants," it was great for a photo opp! 
 Wow… I’m embarrassed at how long it’s been since I have posted! But, I’m hoping that today’s post will make up for it…at least a little! 
 The last few weeks been had their ups and downs which is the explanation for my absence. Two big things happened that are life-changing. One is the loss of a friend who impacted my little corner of the world so so much. She’ll be missed so much by so many and I know her grace, kindness and compassion is something that will continue to be in my thoughts every day. So many times during the five years I’ve known her have I referenced how she’d handle a situation in my own life and I know that’s not changing anytime soon. Since we received the news of her passing, I have lacked a lot of inspiration until, really, the last couple of days. It’s just been hard to process and know that she’s no longer a phone call away, but that doesn’t mean she and her family who mean so much to me aren’t in my thoughts every day. 
 The other life-changing news … I’m starting a new job….TODAY! (I told you … ups and downs!) 
 I am now the campaign manager in the sports and entertainment division for the American Diabetes Association. (!!!) 
 As I sit on a plane en route to D.C. for my first day, it’s hard to articulate how special the last eight-plus years have been with the Pelicans/Hornets and Saints. 
 Jimbote & Lindseybote 
 Working in PR for an NBA team was my dream job in college. After working in sports information for a couple years and landing an summer internship with the Charlotte Bobcats (now Hornets), I knew the NBA was where I wanted to be. The game of basketball has been so influential on my life for about a million reasons – and it’s also been IN my life since I was born. 
 The best around - Kory & Big Shot, Pelicans equipment 
 Here’s a short history: I moved to New Orleans in August of 2007 and took the role of basketball communications coordinator. It was SO. COOL. Being at practice today and working every home game and facilitating interviews with players – I mean, I was loving my job. The following year – being able to travel with the team and take in games around the country – I thought it couldn’t get better. In the spring of 2011, the team’s corporate communications manager left and my boss asked if it was something I would be interested in. I was, but, I mean, how am I going to leave this super fun job that I’m in love with?! When I was told it was the best way to continue to grow and move up within the organization, it was a decision I knew I needed to make, but I was really terrified to do it. At that point, the team was owned by the league and, sometime in the near future, someone new would buy the team, and change was imminent. I took the leap and it ended up being the perspective, growth, opportunity for creativity and chance to take ownership of a role that I really need to grow personally and professionally. When the team was bought by the Benson family, I had the chance to do the job for both teams, work with ownership, including its philanthropic efforts, and my job was literally one of a kind in the world. So darn lucky. 
 Around the time that the team was bought, I was reading an article (and wish like crazy I had the link) that included the quote: 
 _“…Take a deep breath. Be confident in your abilities. Be open to new ideas.  Find comfort in knowing that it’s okay for dreams to change .” _ 
 I LOVED it and it’s been taped to my monitor ever since – and made an appearance in my ‘See you later’ email to my co-workers. 
 PR + CR + Digital = Work Fam 
 That’s where my luck gets even better (if I could ever imagine). After a few years working for both teams and learning SO much, I wondered what was next. I loved my job (despite the stressors and minutia that sometimes drags you down that EVERYONE deals with) and so many of the people I worked with, but it was hard being a one-person show sometimes. I hadn’t applied for any other jobs, but was open to the idea of having a little more balance should the opportunity come my way. 
 After volunteering with the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network and seeing the organization’s culture, I really loved the non-profit sector. In the last few years, there have been so many negative events and happenings, and also some negative cultural patterns that really have pushed me to want to do something to make the world a little better and help people when I go to the office every day. 
 On Monday, Feb. 10 (I remember because the Pels played that day, of course! Ha!), a former co-worker and friend of mine called to tell me about a few opportunities across a couple of non-profits, including one with the American Diabetes Association in its sports and entertainment division (where she had recently taken a job). 
 Talking to Morgan made me so excited about having the chance to unite two of my passions at the same time. How was that a thing?! I couldn’t believe it and immediately wanted to know more. After talking with her and the department head, Suzanne (who I knew through her husband and through a committee for a charity gala), I was in. 
 So, here I am, flying to D.C. to start another dream job – feeling incredibly lucky and, despite literally finishing my last day of work with the Saints and Pelicans earlier in the day, energized and excited for a new chapter. The department is relatively new at ADA and the organization has gone through a lot of changes and has a ton of new faces. The opportunity to be a part of building something special is really exciting. 
 For all of my Pelicans/Saints co-workers, colleagues and anyone who’s path intersected mine during my time in New Orleans and along the way that are reading this: THANK YOU! Each of you has had a profound impact on molding me into the person and professional I am today. I’ve learned so much from so many and that makes me feel pretty darn lucky – and so many friendships have come from work and those relationships mean so much to me. It made it a lot easier to walk out of the building and not be a mess knowing that those friendships aren’t going anywhere. 
 It’s a new chapter. The chance to have more balance in life and take better care of my loved ones and myself and also, hopefully, make a difference in people’s lives every day at work. 
 Can’t wait to see how it all works out…but, forever, GO PELICANS & SAINTS! 
 Thanks for reading and have a great day! 
 -Lindsey 
 Sharpheels.com: A True Team Player 
 On  November 24, 2015November 24, 2015  By  treasuredinspiration In  Career ,  Work Leave a comment 
 Happy Tuesday! 
 My third article posted on  SharpHeels.com  so I'll be sending you over there today. This post is about being a team player and what that REALLY means in an office setting. 
 Throughout high school and college, it's ingrained in us that saying, "I'm a team player" in an interview is a must. Sadly, when you begin your career and years in, you realize that not everyone understands the true meaning of what it is to be a part of a team. 
 Thankfully, our Pelicans PR #squad is pretty darn awesome. We even take super fun selfies with old school sunglasses on 80s night! 
 Below is the beginning of the article and you can click on the link to see the rest on Sharpheels.com. Happy reading! 
 **5 Insights on What it  Really  Means to be a Good Colleague and Co-Worker ** 
 Team player. Every interviewee has used it to describe the kind of employee they are, but once in the position, what does the phrase truly mean? Here are five characteristics of people who pull their weight, lift others up (psychologically speaking), and understand that their professional goals should enhance the larger ones of the organization.  That’s  a team player.  Continue reading… 
 Have a great day! 
 -Lindsey 
 SharpHeels.com: Finding a Mentor 
 On  November 17, 2015November 18, 2015  By  treasuredinspiration In  Career ,  Uncategorized Leave a comment 
 Happy Tuesday! 
 I'm sending you over to  SharpHeels.com  for today's post. I chose to writer about mentors today. I'm really lucky to have worked for some great people. It's not easy to find a professional who is willing to take the time out of his or her already-busy schedule to help someone else become better. 
 Someone to whom I will always be grateful is Tom McGuire, the Director of Sports Information/Athletic Marketing and Promotions at Bloomsburg  University . Had I not worked for Tom for three years in the sports communications department, there is no way I would be living my dream of working in the NBA. Tom always made time to give feedback on my work and would ALWAYS be there when I had questions and needed guidance as I began my career. I will forever be grateful to him. 
 In 2014, Tom was honored by the ECAC-SIDA (Eastern College Athletic Conference-Sports Information Directors Association) with its Marsh Award. (Photo from  here ) 
 Below is the first tip for establishing a relationship with a mentor. Hope you enjoy the article! 
 **5 Tips for Mentor-Seeking, Cold-Contacting Professionals and Job-Hunting in your Industry 
** 
 Find the Right Time 
This is of the utmost importance. Depending on the industry in which you aspire to work, look to make contact during a part of the year when the workload is lightest. For example, if you want to work in sports, the weeks leading up to the season, or early on in the schedule, are the worst for sports professionals. So target the off-season – perhaps a few weeks after the season ends.  Continue reading… 
 Have a great day! 
 -Lindsey 
 SharpHeels.com: First article! 
 On  November 9, 2015November 9, 2015  By  treasuredinspiration In  Career ,  Volunteering ,  Work Leave a comment 
 Well, I hope everyone had a great weekend. It was a bit of a bummer around here - Saints lost…Pels lost…LSU lost…and the weather was crummy all weekend. 
 On a positive note, the third annual PurpleStride New Orleans raised over $80,000 at its event despite some nasty weather yesterday morning. I was very lucky to volunteer at the event and the core team did an amazing job planning, as always! Congrats, guys! 
 I'm sending you over to  SharpHeels.com  for today's post. I'm really excited to be a contributing writer for the site and my first article posted today. 
 Since I was in college, volunteering has been important to me. Our tennis coach at Bloomsburg, Marty Coyne, encouraged us to particpate in volunteer projects when we had the opportunity and also hosted Special Olympics clinics at our facility. When I moved to New Orleans, I wanted to be involved and have been very fortunate to spend time volunteering at  Animal Rescue New Orleans , the  local affiliate of the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network  and  Miracle League . 
 Jeanne (a co-worker of mine), her buddy, Cody, myself and my buddy, Brandon a couple years ago at the Miracle League awards ceremony. Jeanne and another co-worker, Jenna, introduced me to Miracle League -- such a great organization! 
 PurpleStride New Orleans 2014 with emcee Natalie Shepherd  and four local survivors: Joe, Benjy, Bertha and Liz. 
 The Perks of Volunteering 
 “Find a need. Fill a need.” -   How Donating Time Can Enhance your Life and Career! 
 In 2013,  volunteering hit its lowest rate since 2002 , given that only 25.4 percent of Americans 16 and older had spent time working for an organization at least once in the prior year. In the two years after that, little changed;  according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , in 2013, the rates were 25.4 percent, and in 2014, slightly lower at 25.3 percent. 
 But in addition to the benefits an organization receives from a person’s time, skillset and effort, there are countless pluses for someone who spends a little time giving back – including having a positive impact on their career …. Click here to continue reading 
 Hope you enjoy the article and thanks for reading! 
 Have a great day! 
 -Lindsey 
 Five Things for Friday 
 On  November 6, 2015November 6, 2015  By  treasuredinspiration In  Career ,  Dogs ,  Friday's Five ,  Public Relations Leave a comment 
 Happy Friday! 
 It's been a busy week and we have a busy weekend ahead, but I'm hoping it will be a 3-win-in-1 weekend as the Pelicans play tonight and tomorrow and the Saints play at home on Sunday. 
 Class photo with mass comm students at Loyola University after a panel discussion about the importance of relationships between media/PR. 
 Happy [belated] Halloween! A picture of some work pals celebrating the holiday a day early and Ashley 's birthday a few days late. 
 LOVED walking into Gretna No. 2 Academy for Advanced Studies and seeing these colorful, decorated tiles. A bright way to start the day for students and staff for sure! 
 The sweet Jersey girl made her own pillow one morning this week. 
 Special shoutout to my JoJo Bear! This week was his 4th (!!!) adoptiversary. I can 't believe he's been a Mitchell for four years. Time. Flies. 
 Have a great weekend! 
 -Lindsey 
 Thanks for visiting Treasured Inspiration! 
 I'm Lindsey, an Ohio native navigating life in the South. A sports PR professional that loves my hubby, our puppies, Jersey & JoJo, the outdoors, DIY projects, art, home decor, fashion, beauty and skinny vanilla lattes. I've always wanted to start a blog to connect with others and share my passions. Enjoy! 
 Social 
 
 View treasuredinspiration's profile on Facebook 
 View @lindseypelicans's profile on Twitter 
 View @lindsey_mitch's profile on Instagram 
 View lhmitchell's profile on Pinterest 
 View lindseyhmitchell's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 38 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Wish List Wednesday…a colorful edition! 
 Recipe: Homemade Oat Milk 
 Five Things for Friday 
 Wish List Wednesday…a day late! 
 Recipe: Homemade hummus by Fraiche 
 
 My Tweets  Search for: Search 
 Archives 
 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Africa  (3) 
 Art  (2) 
 Baking  (8) 
 Beauty  (11) 
 Books  (1) 
 Breakfast  (3) 
 Budget Finds  (14) 
 Career  (5) 
 Christmas  (11) 
 Cleaning  (1) 
 DIY  (16) 
 Dogs  (16) 
 Eating Healthy  (7) 
 Fall  (2) 
 Fashion  (23) 
 Fitness  (3) 
 Food  (9) 
 Friday's Five  (23) 
 Gift Guide  (8) 
 Giving Back  (6) 
 Great Gifts  (11) 
 Holidays  (13) 
 Home Decor  (15) 
 Hostess  (8) 
 Jewelry  (15) 
 Links  (4) 
 Louisiana  (2) 
 Nails  (1) 
 New Orleans  (10) 
 NOLA Eats  (1) 
 North Carolina  (1) 
 Office  (2) 
 Organizing  (2) 
 Outdoor  (3) 
 Party Planning  (6) 
 Pelicans  (7) 
 Pets  (3) 
 Public Relations  (3) 
 Recipes  (16) 
 Relationships  (1) 
 Saints  (11) 
 Shoes  (4) 
 Shop Local  (1) 
 Shopping  (27) 
 Skincare  (3) 
 Sports  (2) 
 Travel  (9) 
 Uncategorized  (10) 
 Valentine's Day  (2) 
 Vegan  (2) 
 Vegetarian  (5) 
 Volunteering  (1) 
 Weekend Recap  (1) 
 Wine  (1) 
 Winter  (1) 
 Wish List  (15) 
 Work  (7) 
 Workouts  (2) 
 
 Social 
 
 View treasuredinspiration's profile on Facebook 
 View lindseypelicans's profile on Twitter 
 View lindsey_mitch's profile on Instagram 
 View lhmitchell's profile on Pinterest 
 View lindseyhmitchell's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Search for: Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Wish List Wednesday…a colorful edition! 
 Recipe: Homemade Oat Milk 
 Five Things for Friday 
 Wish List Wednesday…a day late! 
 Recipe: Homemade hummus by Fraiche 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Rebecca McClary on  What I Would Pack with Ho… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 treasuredinspiration  on  A new adventure! 
 
 
 Tiffany Gautier on  A new adventure! 
 
 
 
 kelseyjamison on  Wish List Wednesday: Valentine… 
 
 
 
 
 treasuredinspiration  on  New Glasses for Spring with Wa… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Africa 
 Art 
 Baking 
 Beauty 
 Books 
 Breakfast 
 Budget Finds 
 Career 
 Christmas 
 Cleaning 
 DIY 
 Dogs 
 Eating Healthy 
 Fall 
 Fashion 
 Fitness 
 Food 
 Friday's Five 
 Gift Guide 
 Giving Back 
 Great Gifts 
 Holidays 
 Home Decor 
 Hostess 
 Jewelry 
 Links 
 Louisiana 
 Nails 
 New Orleans 
 NOLA Eats 
 North Carolina 
 Office 
 Organizing 
 Outdoor 
 Party Planning 
 Pelicans 
 Pets 
 Public Relations 
 Recipes 
 Relationships 
 Saints 
 Shoes 
 Shop Local 
 Shopping 
 Skincare 
 Sports 
 Travel 
 Uncategorized 
 Valentine's Day 
 Vegan 
 Vegetarian 
 Volunteering 
 Weekend Recap 
 Wine 
 Winter 
 Wish List 
 Work 
 Workouts 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
