
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Landed (W19) 
 Marketplace for businesses to hire fast with video. 
 Growth Manager 
 
 Location 
 remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Landed 
 We help stores hire part-time and full-time retail associates with video. Candidates upload quick 15sec videos of themselves answering commonly asked interview questions. We then match them to open jobs in their area. Store hiring managers can quickly assess fit with our video profiles on each candidate. 
 Come work with us to find and empower talent, while solving the biggest problem facing retail today. We're looking for innovative thinkers and rebellious spirits to join our team at Landed HQ. 
 About the role 
 We help stores hire retail associates, so candidates are fundamental to the Landed marketplace. We’re looking for someone to oversee acquiring the best candidates for Landed to meet retail store demand. You will help us hit our lofty acquisition goals and oversee all geographies in which Landed operates and develop and execute our cross-channel marketing strategy while reporting directly to the CEO. 
 What You'll do: • Develop the strategic market level frameworks, and subsequently manage the roll-out and execution to hit Landed’s candidate acquisition targets • Present market, channel, and initiative-level growth and optimization scenarios to CEO to help understand the business trade-offs in our P&L • Guide the periodic spend optimization process that improves each channel’s Return on investment without losing sight of growth in each market. • Collaborate with leadership to set budgets and ensure spend meets financial goals. • Lead constant, iterative improvement of the growth planning process to hit our company-wide goals 
 An Ideal Candidate would have: • Excellent analytical skills, strong business acumen, a curious nature and entrepreneurialism • Natural ability to make things happen around you. You manage project ambiguity, complexity, and interdependencies in an organized and structured way. • Strong written and verbal communication skills and intuition for communication strategy at every level -- within teams, to users, and other audiences. • Strong time management skills and ability to prioritize and drive independently • Detail-oriented with superior organizational skills -- balancing multiple projects with multiple stakeholders, deadlines, and requests should be second nature to you. • 1 - 4 years in growth, consulting, or similar role with analytical rigor • B.S. or higher 
 About You: • You're creative - you enjoy tackling unsolved problems and finding creative solutions with limited resources • You pay attention to the details - you love to manage complex projects without making mistakes or missing deadlines, and you analyze results at the most granular level • Strategic and business forward - you find trends and look for the “so what” • Collaborative - you love working with a team and both learning from & teaching others • Fun - you enjoy what you do and love to have fun! 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Landed 
 Sales Development Representative 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 $40k - $70k 
 0.05% - 0.30% 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Account Executive 
 fulltime 
 remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Growth Manager 
 fulltime 
 remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Full-Stack Software Engineer 
 contract 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $40k - $65k 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
