Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Bizarre Cases Of People Killed While Having Sex 
 Creepy Photos 
 Horrific Murders 
 Woman On Death Row 
 
 
 
   
 RSS 
 Tag Archives: Job Corps 
 Christa Pike (Female Death Row Inmate) 
 Posted by  letsfindthem  on  November 28, 2013 
 
 Mugshot photo of Christa Pike 
 Christa Gail Pike was the youngest female ever to be sentenced to death in the United States. Born March 10, 1976 she was 18 years old at the time she committed murder and 20 when she was sentenced to die by lethal injection. 
 Pike lived a troubled life growing up. She allegedly endured sexual abuse and was doing drugs with her mother before she had even hit her teen years. She had behavior issues including bipolar and dropped out of high school. In 1994 she joined the Job Corps in Knoxville, Tennessee, a government program aimed at helping troubled youth by offering vocational training and career skills. There, Pike met and fell for a young man named Tadaryl Shipp, one year her junior. Together they "dabbled" in the occult and devil worship. 
 Pike became jealous of fellow Job Corp student Colleen Slemmer, then 19. She believed Slemmer was trying to "steal" her boyfriend from her although friends of Slemmer deny the accusations, Pike was set on a vendetta and started harassing Slemmer. One day she had snuck into her dorm room and watched the victim sleep. It got so bad that days before the murder Slemmer had called her mother telling her she wanted to come home but her mother told her she couldn't due to signing a 2-year contract. 
 
 Photo of Victim Colleen Slemmer 
 Pike, Shipp and a friend named Shadolla Peterson, 18, came up with a plan to lure Slemmer to an isolated, abandoned steam plant close by on the University of Tennessee Campus. They choose the wooded area due to it being isolated. 
 On January 12, 1995, Pike, Shipp, Peterson, and Slemmer signed out of the dormitory and proceeded to the woods where Slemmer was told they wanted to make peace by offering her some marijuana. Upon arrival at the secluded location Slemmer started to become nervous and asked Pike if they were really planning on smoking some weed. Pike then turned on Slemmer and started to yell at her and attacked her. For the next 30 - 40 minutes she was taunted, beaten, and slashed, and a pentagram was carved in her chest with a box cutter. A meat cleaver was also used in the attack. Sometime during the torture Pike had said  " The bitch wont die"  followed by  " I want to see her brains flow"  and it was then that she lifted a large chunk of asphalt paving over Slemmer's head and proceeded to smash her skull until brain matter started flowing out of her head. Pike kept a piece of her victim's skull and began to show it off around the school and within 36 hours the three were arrested. 
 Below are crime scene photos of Colleen Slemmer 
 
 
 Smaller full body shot of Slemmer 's brutalized corpse 
 
 17 Comments  Posted in  Horiffic Crimes (Murder)  Tagged  2013 ,  Brutal Murder ,  Christa Pike ,  Colleen Slemmer ,  Crime scene photos ,  Deadly Women ,  Death Row Inmate ,  Job Corps ,  Knoxville ,  Sentenced To Death ,  Shadolla Peterson ,  Tadaryl Shipp ,  Tennessee ,  Throat Slit ,  TN ,  Torture ,  Tortured to death ,  United States ,  US ,  Women on Death Row 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 "Your Killing An Innocent Man" - Death Row Inmate's Final Words Before Being Put To Death Wednesday Morning 
 Christa Pike (Female Death Row Inmate) 
 The Murder of Crystal Faye Todd, Teenager Brutally Murdered By Friend She Trusted 
 Teen girl stabbed her best friend to death because she didn't ‘like her anymore' 
 "Take me to my King": Texas Death Row Inmate, Rickey Lynn Lewis, Executed Tuesday (Star-Telegram) 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2014 
 November 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Bad Parenting 
 Child Abuse Murders 
 Horiffic Crimes (Murder) 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
