  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Waltham Forest, England 
 Rate:  £15 - £25 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Accommodation Procurement Officer 
 A client in Waltham Forest are recruiting for an experienced Accommodation Procurement Officer to join their team on a temporary basis to be responsible for negotiating and the procurement of good quality accommodation of suitable type, size and location across the private sector to meet the Council's duties to homeless households. 
 The Role 
This Accommodation Procurement Officer role will be responsible for negotiating and the procurement of good quality accommodation of suitable type, size and location across the private sector to meet the Council's duties to homeless households. 
 These includes accommodation for use as emergency / long term / discharge of duty. 
 To procure accommodation if required for use by other Council services responsible for the provision of accommodation to customers meeting qualifying criteria (i.e. 
 care leavers, `no recourse to public funds' households, etc.) 
To ensure all properties acquired comply with property standards and statutory requirements and are as cost-effective as possible in line with Pan London Rates as applicable. 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for this Accommodation Procurement Officer role, you will require experience of working with rough sleepers and/or vulnerable adults. 
 You will need to understand the cohort and the barriers to accommodating them. 
Due to the vulnerable nature of the service users you will be working with, you will require an Enhanced DBS and having one on the update service will be beneficial to your application 
 The Contract 
This is a full time Accommodation Procurement Officer, working 37 hours per week until the end of March. 
 The role could potentially be extended, subject to funding being received 
If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this Accommodation Procurement Officer role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 
 
 Start:  11/1/21 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  £15 - £25 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Waltham Forest, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-29 13:36:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
