Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Parent Counselor -- Abbotsford 
 Hollyburn Family Services 
 __Abbotsford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn, we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We want you with us! 
 We are seeking a highly specialized therapeutic skilled caregiver Parent Counselor to have a child or youth living in your home. You are highly skilled in working with Autism Spectrum Disorder, Fetal Alcohol Spectrum, Addiction Issues (Drug or Alcohol), and/or Mental Health Disorders. You will be a contractor with Hollyburn Family Services. 
 You will be supported 24/7/365 within a network of specialized resources by a clinical and program manager 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
High school completion or equivalent; Post secondary education an asset but not required 
Experience working with children and youth with FASD and Moderate Intellectual Disability (MID) 
Experience working with youth with addictions 
Experience working with ASD 
Experience with working with children and youth with mental health disorders 
2 years’ experience in trauma informed practices 
2 years’ experience working collaboratively with community resources and within a team setting 
Must hold a valid B.C. Class 5 Driver’s License and provide an acceptable Driver’s Abstract before interview will be scheduled 
Must pass a Criminal Record Search report and a Ministry of Children and Families Prior Contact check 
Must participate in a successful SAFE Home Study 
Must be able to pass a TB test and a medical assessment (by your own doctor) stating you are physically and mentally capable of handling the challenges presented by these youth 
 YOU’LL SCORE MORE POINTS IF YOU HAVE: 
Post-secondary education in Social Work, Psychology or related field 
Current First Aid and CPR Certification 
Current NVCI Certificate 
 We are Hollyburn Family Services, an industry leading organization that has provided quality therapeutic resources, counselling and support services to children, youth, and families since 1990. We value the uniqueness of each individual and their inherent capacity for growth. We rely on our core values to create a trusting and safe environment free from harassment and discrimination for our teams and for our clients. We treat our employees, clients, and community with fairness, dignity and respect, and as such strive to hire and build teams reflective of these values. We are proud to have a diverse teams, all of whom have unique abilities to enrich the lives of their clients. 
 If this opportunity interests you, please complete this entire application process, including attaching your drivers license and drivers abstract which you can get from ICBC here. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
