
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 CoLab (S19) 
 Jira + Pull Requests for Hardware 
 Senior Customer Success Manager 
 
 Location 
 St. John's, NL Canada or Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About CoLab 
 CoLab Software is a Y Combinator (S19) alumni based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. We are growing rapidly, and are solving problems for Fortune 500 companies around the world. 
 CoLab has developed a collaborative design review and issue tracking platform for design and manufacturing teams. Think Jira + the Pull Request process, but specifically for teams working on complex 3D models. 
 Our current focus is helping teams shorten design cycles, eliminate painful manual processes and tools (spreadsheets/slideshows) and catch issues before they become expensive changes. In the future we aim to become the Atlassian for Manufacturing, and set the new standard for engineering collaboration. 
 About the role 
 CoLab helps design and manufacturing teams to streamline their processes and resolve issues faster by enabling real-time collaboration, design reviews, and issue tracking with teams around the world. 
 We are looking for an experienced Customer Success Manager to join our growing team. In this role, you will foster strong relationships in order to ensure our customers achieve their business goals. 
 We need someone who has a lot of experience in creating proactive strategies designed to increase adoption, retention and ultimately renew our customer accounts. Maybe you have created a team from the ground up previously, or maybe you have a lot of experience that you know exactly what needs to be done at our size. Either way, this is an exciting time to join CoLab and make a difference to the happiness and success of amazing customers. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Proactively manage customer relationships from onboarding through renewal and the entire lifecycle of the customer 
 Develop an in-depth understanding of each customer’s business goals, initiatives, and use cases to support their short and long term goals 
 Develop effective onboarding and training programs as well as other adoption and usage programs in consultation with the team 
 Develop strong relationships with our customers throughout their entire lifecycle to create customer advocates and champions 
 Monitor the customer’s progress towards achieving their KPI 
 Diagnose root causes and recommend corrective actions, if the customer is not achieving KPI targets. 
 Partner with the Sales team to drive adoption and create renewal strategies through regular account reviews and planning. 
 Align our customer's needs with our product development roadmap to ensure success. 
 Collect customer product requests and contribute to development prioritization. 
 Provide ongoing recommendations and serve as the voice of the customer to internal teams. 
 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at CoLab 
 Senior Customer Success Manager 
 fulltime 
 St. John's, NL Canada or Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Software Sales Executive 
 fulltime 
 St. John's, NL Canada or Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Content Marketer 
 fulltime 
 St. John's, NL Canada or Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
