Skip to main content 
 
  Deutsch  
  English  
 
 0 
 Your shopping cart is empty! 
   
 Toggle navigation 
 
 Home 
 Shop ****
 
 New Releases 
  Areas of Interest 
 Bookfinder 
 Journals 
 eBooks 
 Cart 
 
 
 Areas of Interest ****
 
 Art/Culture 
  Computing/Computer Sciences 
 Engineering 
 Finance, Economics, Law 
 Hobby/Leisure 
 Hospitality/Culinary  
 Humanities/Social Sciences 
 Mathematics/Statistics 
 Medicine/Health Care 
 Natural Sciences 
 
 
 Services ****
 
 Authors 
  Librarians 
 Journalists 
 Advertisers 
 Business Customers 
 Lecturers 
 Licenses/Permissions 
 Enduser 
 
 
 About Wiley ****
 
 The publishing house and its history 
  Contacts 
 Wiley worldwide 
 Masthead/Data Policy 
 Delivery & payment 
 Societies & partners 
 
 
 Career 
 
 John Wiley & Sons The Case for a Job Guarantee One of the most enduring ideas in economics is that unemployment is both unavoidable and necessary f.. Product #: 978-1-5095-4209-3 Regular price: $44.77  $44.77 In Stock 
 The Case for a Job Guarantee 
 Tcherneva, Pavlina R. 
 The Case for 
 1. Edition June 2020 
140 Pages, Hardcover 
 Wiley & Sons Ltd 
 ISBN:  978-1-5095-4209-3 
 John Wiley & Sons 
 
 Short Description 
 One of the most enduring ideas in economics is that unemployment is both unavoidable and necessary for the smooth functioning of the economy. This assumption has provided cover for the devastating social and economic costs of job insecurity. It is also false. 
In this book, leading expert Pavlina R. Tcherneva challenges us to imagine a world where the phantom of unemployment is banished and anyone who seeks decent, living-wage work can find it - guaranteed. This is the aim of the Job Guarantee proposal: to provide a voluntary employment opportunity in public service to anyone who needs it. Tcherneva enumerates the many advantages of the Job Guarantee over the status quo and proposes a blueprint for its implementation within the wider context of the need for a Green New Deal. 
This compact primer is the ultimate guide to the benefits of one of the most transformative public policies being discussed today. It is essential reading for all citizens and activists who are passionate about social justice and building a fairer economy. 
 Buy now 
 Price: 47,90 € 
 Price incl. VAT, excl. Shipping 
 Add to Cart 
 Further versions 
 
 
 Description 
 Content 
 Reviews 
 Author information 
 
 One of the most enduring ideas in economics is that unemployment is both unavoidable and necessary for the smooth functioning of the economy. This assumption has provided cover for the devastating social and economic costs of job insecurity. It is also false. 
In this book, leading expert Pavlina R. Tcherneva challenges us to imagine a world where the phantom of unemployment is banished and anyone who seeks decent, living-wage work can find it - guaranteed. This is the aim of the Job Guarantee proposal: to provide a voluntary employment opportunity in public service to anyone who needs it. Tcherneva enumerates the many advantages of the Job Guarantee over the status quo and proposes a blueprint for its implementation within the wider context of the need for a Green New Deal. 
This compact primer is the ultimate guide to the benefits of one of the most transformative public policies being discussed today. It is essential reading for all citizens and activists who are passionate about social justice and building a fairer economy. 
 Acknowledgements 
Introduction 
1. A Public Option for Good Jobs 
2. A Steep Price for a Broken Status Quo 
3. The Job Guarantee: A New Social Contract and Macroeconomic Model 
4. But How Will You Pay for It? 
5. What, Where and How: Jobs, Design, and Implementation 
6. The Job Guarantee, the Green New Deal, and Beyond 
Notes 
 "The Job Guarantee is the next big, common-sense idea for economic reform. Over years of dedicated work, Pavlina Tcherneva has developed and advanced the plan, and today it stands poised to complement the Green New Deal and Medicare for All as a fundamental pillar of the progressive agenda. Read about it here... and go out to help make it happen." 
James K. Galbraith, The University of Texas at Austin 
 "More than any other piece of public policy, the Job Guarantee can help us build a more equitable economy and just society. Pavlina Tcherneva has written the perfect primer for anyone interested in understanding why and how the Job Guarantee can do so much good." 
Ady Barkan, Activist and organizer and author of Eyes to the Wind 
 "Pavlina Tcherneva offers an eloquent and convincing argument for a public sector job guarantee as an economic shock absorber. Particularly valuable is her demonstration of how such a program can revitalise local communities. Beyond this, her book is an indispensable primer for advocates of a Green New Deal". Robert Skidelsky "Pavlina Tcherneva offers an eloquent and convincing argument for a public sector job guarantee as an economic shock absorber. Particularly valuable is her demonstration of how such a program can revitalise local communities. Beyond this, her book is an indispensable primer for advocates of a Green New Deal". Robert Skidelsky 
"Tcherneva lays out the case for how we can raise the roof by lifting the floor, as we transition away from a failed and cruel economy based on an assumed percentage of unemployment. She demonstrates how a jobs guarantee can help address some of our biggest challenges, including bridging the gap to a Green New Deal and the critical conversion from a fossil-fuel economy to a sustainable future. Through her book we can see a world where everyone who wants to claim the dignity of work as their own has that right." Sara Nelson, International President, Association of Flight Attendants-CWA, AFL-CIO 
 PAVLINA R. TCHERNEVA is Associate Professor at Bard College and Research Scholar at the Levy Economics Institute. 
 P. R. Tcherneva, Bard College 
 Info 
 
 About Wiley 
 Societies & partners 
 Convention calendar 
 Contact & Masthead/Data Policy 
 Delivery & payment 
 
 Newsletter 
 
 Wiley-VCH Alerting Service 
 Wiley Preference Center 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 (C)2020 Wiley-VCH GmbH -  Provider  -  www.wiley-vch.de  - info@wiley-vch.de -  Data Policy 
 Copyright (C) 2000-2020  by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
 
 JavaScript is currently disabled.  Please enable it for a better experience of  Jumi . 
