Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Experienced Drillers (Surface and Underground) 
 MAJOR DRILLING GROUP INTL 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 BE PART OF A WINNING TEAM! 
 Join Major Drilling, one of the leading diamond drilling companies in Canada is looking for  Drillers  in  Ontario & Quebec  for both  Surface  and  Underground. 
 Individuals who are interested in working away, yet close to home and enjoy a challenging career that offers advancement. 
 
 Earn up to 34$/hour 
 Great bonus program 
 Paid training 
 RRSP plan 
 Great job stability 
 New and up to date equipment 
 PPE provided 
 Retention bonus 
 
 Exceptional safety record. Major Drilling is the Safe Day Everyday Gold Award recipient at the PDAC for the third consecutive year. 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 -Fuel and lubrication management 
 -Core sample recovery 
 -Pre-start checks and safety inspections 
 -Equipment maintenance 
 -Driving light vehicle and mobile equipment 
 -Assist in organizing and preparing all necessary equipment and material for mobilization or demobilization on projects and/or between holes 
 -Use personal protective equipment and safety devices as required 
 -Maintain drill site, work area and equipment (including drill rig) in a clean, hazard free state 
 -Accurately complete drill reports 
 -Rig operation – including set-up 
 -Perform assigned duties following all applicable legislation, company policies and safe work procedures 
 Qualifications: 
 -Must be able to work in the field and be away from home for extended periods of time, often in remote areas. 
 - Safety conscious 
 - Valid Standard First Aid Certificate (mandatory) 
 - Valid Driver's License 
 - Clear Driver's Abstract 
 - Mechanically inclined 
 - Physically Fit 
 - Capable of Heavy Lifting & Repetitive Tasks 
 - Able to long hours & shift work for extended periods 
 - Able to pass a Drug/Alcohol Screen & Fit for Duty test 
 Please send your resume and tickets for consideration. 
 Due to the high volume of resumes we receive, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls please. 
 Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Salary: $28.00-$34.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 12 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 drilling : 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ontario (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 diamond drilling common core (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
