Skip to content 
 VC AWWA Student Chapter 
 Catapulting Students into the Water Industry 
 Primary Menu 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Events Calendar 
 
 
 Jobs Board 
 
 
 Operator Certification Resources 
 
 
 Alumni Network 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Events Calendar 
 
 
 Jobs Board 
 
 
 Operator Certification Resources 
 
 
 Alumni Network 
 
 
 Social 
 
 View www.facebook.com/VCWaterscience's profile on Facebook 
 View www.twitter.com/VCWaterscience's profile on Twitter 
 
 WASTEWATER OPERATOR II/III : Job Opening Camrosa Water District 
 Posted on  May 3, 2017May 3, 2017  by  VC AWWA Student Chapter 
 Camrosa Water District is a special district covering 31 square miles in southeastern Ventura County, including eastern Camarillo, California State University Channel Islands, and the Santa Rosa Valley. The District serves a variety of customer types, from agricultural to residential to light industrial, via approximately 7,500 potable and 400 non‐potable connections. In addition to providing potable water, Camrosa collects and treats wastewater, produces recycled water at its Water Reclamation Facility, and recently completed constructing a brackish water desalination facility. We have a lean, cohesive workforce that provides exposure to all aspects of water production, treatment, distribution and collection. Career path includes ample training and future growth opportunities. The Waste Water Reclamation Facility is level IV extended aeration plant that produces Title‐22 tertiary treated recycled water, which Camrosa delivers to California State University—Channel Islands and a handful of local farmers for irrigation. The plant is currently rated at 1.5 MGD and is in the process of rerating it to 2.25 MGD. 
 WASTEWATER OPERATOR II/III 
 Camrosa Water District 
 Camarillo, CA 
 SALARY: Competitive based on qualifications; includes CalPERS retirement and full benefits package. 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
  Perform skilled work in the operation and maintenance of wastewater/water plant systems  Operate, monitor, control, troubleshoot, and improve wastewater, pumps, treatment, and lift station facilities via SCADA  Collect, process, and perform basic chemical analysis of wastewater/water samples for plant function and compliance testing  Receive, store, and handle treatment chemicals and other hazardous materials  Perform preventative maintenance and repair (including minor plumbing) of all related plant equipment including pumps, motors, chlorinators, chemical feeds, and basic laboratory instruments  Assist the Superintendent of Operations and other management staff preparing wastewater‐ related reports for regulatory compliance  Fulfill on‐call rotation for wastewater, water production, and/or water distribution services approximately every six weeks with other District operators  Operate heavy equipment  Work independently under limited supervision, and establish and maintain working relationships with customers, management, and coworkers  Assist other District employees with Water Distribution and/or Water Production, and other maintenance functions as required MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  High school diploma or equivalent  Valid Class C Drivers License  Experience in the operation or maintenance wastewater treatment facility, laboratory, or related field  Waste Water Plant Operator I (with ability to obtain level II within 24 months of hire)  Good communication skills  Basic understanding of Microsoft Office software (Word, Outlook, Excel, etc.) DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS (IDEAL CANDIDATE):  Wastewater Plant Operator Grade II – one year of experience with the ability to obtain Grade III within 24 months of hire  Wastewater Plant Operator Grade III – two years of experience with the ability to obtain Grade IV within 24 months of hire  CDPH Water Treatment Grade II certification or greater  CDPH Water Distribution Grade II certification or greater  Associate’s degree or higher in water science, environmental sciences, biology, chemistry, or related field  Maintenance/mechanical certifications, background, and/or previous experience  Basic understanding of PLCs, PLC programming, and/or other control devices  Excellent communication skills  Previous experience with laboratory operations CONTACT INFORMATION: To apply, email your cover letter and resume to EricG@camrosa.com. Cover letters may be in the main body of email; resumes should be attached 
 Source- 
 Click to access Wastewater%20Operator%20II%20or%20III%204-13-17.pdf 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  Uncategorized 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
