
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Do you hate making cool stuff, collaborating with talented people, and binge eating donuts? Then you'd really hate working as a Creative Designer at Modicum in New York, NY, USA and should stop reading now. Seriously. 
 About 
 Modicum is looking for skilled graphic designers to join our team! You’ll put your design, illustration and layout skills to work crafting stories and experiences for leading brands all around the world, while collaborating with a talented team of diverse creatives. 
 We’re growing, evolving, and looking to add a few more talented teammates to our roster. Join us in Midtown Manhattan and discover a flexible office environment with great people, great work and great perks. 
 *PLEASE NOTE: THIS ROLE IS CURRENTLY REMOTE DUE TO COVID-19. 
 WHO ARE WE? 
 Our flexible process rebels against the one-size-fits-all, rinse-and-repeat approach of so many modern agencies. From building brands to launching products, navigating sales conversations or leading an industry — we help our clients make the most complicated challenges feel simple. 
 Learn more about us at modicum.agency or check out our Instagram (@modicumagency) for a taste of the Mod life. 
 WHO ARE YOU? 
 We want you if you have: 
 Exceptional Photoshop, Illustrator, and layout skills. 
A strong portfolio full of impactful design and diverse concept work. 
Love for telling stories through visualization. 
Flexibility and adaptability to a wide range of clients and industries. 
 WHAT WILL YOU GET? 
 Competitive compensation. 
Collaborative, friendly and fun work environment with professional development opportunities, reliable work life balance, bottomless coffee, cute office dogs, donut Fridays, happy hours, and team outings. NOTE: We are fully remote for the remainder of 2020 in response to Covid-19. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7958-modicum-creative-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Modicum Agency 
 Perks 
 
 Food 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 We can't wait to meet you! Apply on WorkingNotWorking or directly on our website at https://apply.workable.com/modicum-agency/j/0770A77BDD/ 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
