Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Young Men's Shelter, Bilingual Youth Worker 
 Youth Services Bureau of Ottawa 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About YSB 
 Founded in 1960 and a community leader in Ottawa, the Youth Services Bureau of Ottawa (YSB) is one of the largest and most comprehensive non‑profit agencies serving and empowering youth in this community. More than 350 caring professionals work from 20 locations across the city to deliver a vast range of programs and services that support at‑risk youth and their families. YSB is a multi-service agency that provides services in French and English in employment, health and housing, mental health, youth engagement and youth justice. We work in partnership to develop, deliver and advocate for better conditions, services and opportunities for youth and families. We receive funding from the Province of Ontario, the City of Ottawa, the United Way, and generous private donors. 
 What we offer 
 A values based agency that believes in and supports inclusion, diversity, accessibility and client empowerment 
A community based organization that provides services to over 2500 local youth and families each month 
Working in a dynamic team 
An environment that encourages continuous learning by offering professional development and training opportunities 
Comprehensive health benefits and pension (CAAT) for eligible full time and part time employees 
 Shelter Worker, YMES 
 Reports to:  Coordinator, YMES 
 Closing Date:  December 12th, 2020 
 Position:  Regular part time 
Competition #20-062 
 Position 1 Schedule:  Sunday 11:30pm-7:30am/Monday 7:30pm-7:30am (20hrs/week) 
 All rotations to begin January 10th, 2021. 
 Job Summary: 
Under the general direction of the Director of Community Services and the immediate supervision of the Coordinator of the Shelter, the Shelter Worker will provide immediate and responsive crisis support to the youth accessing the shelter as well as provide general support services and contribute to stable housing for youth in accordance with policies and directives established within YSB 
 Principal Duties: 
 
 Assess requests for residential shelter services according to YSB policies and procedures and ensure alternatives are found if YSB services are not appropriate 
 Conduct intake and discharge processes for youth accessing the Shelter 
 Deliver individual, crisis intervention and assessment services 
 Respond to crisis situations when required 
 Support youth in accessing services within and beyond YSB 
 Consult with other professionals involved with youth, including within YSB 
 Ensure the effective day-to-day operations of the shelter and maintain general cleanliness of the property 
 Assist residents of the shelter with cooperative living guidelines, including mediation and conflict resolution 
 Be responsive to immediate needs of residents such as: getting their medications, access to food supplies, bus tickets etc. 
 Maintain a comprehensive knowledge on current issues relating to youth 
 Ensure familiarity with pertinent legislation 
 Attend and participate in supervision and staff meetings 
 Contribute to program and service development and evaluation 
 Participate in identified training to ensure ongoing development of skills and abilities 
 Ensure both electronic and physical client files are maintained and current within established guidelines 
 May be required to supervise part time staff, students or volunteers 
 Follows safe work practices as established by YSB and the program 
 
 Job Specifications/Qualifications: 
(The qualifications are appended to the job description and are not intended to be part of the job description) 
 
 Diploma or degree in social work or relevant field 
 Two years’ experience working with youth, preferably in a residential setting 
 Ability to work rotational shifts, including weekends and overnights 
 Oral & written fluency in English is essential; Oral fluency in French is essential 
 
 Disclaimer: 
This job description indicates the general nature and level of work expected of the incumbent. It is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities required of the incumbent. 
 TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT: 
YSB values diversity. We are committed to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our community. 
 Accommodation will be made available for applicants with a disability throughout the hiring process. Applicants must make their needs known in advance. 
 All interested candidates are encouraged to apply. In the event a qualified candidate is not found, candidates that do not meet the qualifications indicated on the posting may be considered. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
