Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager - Testing Methodology 
 TD Bank 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 Building a World-Class, Diverse and Inclusive Technology Team at TD 
We can't afford to be boring. Neither can you. The scale and scope of what TD does may surprise you. The rapid pace of change makes it a business imperative for us to be smart and open-minded in the way we think about technology. TD's technology and business teams become more intertwined as new opportunities present themselves. This new era in banking does not equal boring. Not at TD, anyway. 
 Department Overview 
TD Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) covers a specialized area dedicated to high-quality application and solution delivery. Similar to industry trends, TD's definition of this area of discipline (as well as skill and knowledge requirements) has changed over time. One thing hasn't changed – experts in this area remain highly-marketable across businesses. 
 We are on a journey for Enterprise Operational Excellence focusing on innovation and changing the way we deliver projects at TD by reducing costs, time to market & risk and increasing predictability of outcome. Within the Enterprise Operational Excellence, modernizing our testing practices is a big focus and our Testing Methodology is one of the key initiatives that will influence how TD delivers and conducts testing in the future. 
 Job Description 
 Job Description: 
We are looking for a senior leader who will be accountable for leading the design, implementation and governance of TD's testing methodology. This role will: 
 Build relationships and work collaboratively with LOB partners, Technology and Control Partners 
Provide significant thought leadership on the latest testing techniques and processes 
Engage executive stakeholders appropriately to review progress and obtain input, validation, and approval for key design decisions (both business-specific and enterprise-wide) 
Lead in knowledge transfer meetings and forums with senior management, the team, technology and business units 
Anticipates emerging business trends and regulatory/risk issues as a basis for recommending large-scale methodology, technical, functional or operational improvements 
Oversee testing guidance, standards, processes and artifacts through collaboration with control partners, the testing community and delivery stakeholders 
Enable improved delivery predictability across the enterprise, driving resiliency and operational excellence, ultimately leading to a better experience for TD customers 
Identifying, designing & implementing improvements to testing methodologies 
Champion the adoption of testing disciplines across LOBs and provide guidance/consultation at the LOB program/practice level 
Ensure the testing guidance and standards remain fully integrated and aligned with related delivery methodologies (e.g. Waterfall, TD Agile) disciplines (e.g. program & project management, change management) and controls (e.g. enterprise risk, corporate finance) 
Lead the enterprise in defining, collecting, and measuring the ongoing benefits of adopting the TD testing discipline 
Providing methodology input into enterprise governance reviews and respond to requests from control partners 
Providing feedback on proposed changes from other Practice staff and from outside the ETO (e.g. EPDE, Technology) to identify impacts, issues and risks 
 Job Requirements 
 Job Requirements: 
Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate. 
Graduate Degree preferred. 
10-15 years of experience across various aspects of Technology Delivery 
5-7 years of experience in Testing Methodology 
Expert knowledge of application testing phases and practices 
Deep knowledge and understanding of Waterfall and Agile/Scrum procedures, processes, and practices 
Experience interfacing with senior and executive level management 
Excellent interpersonal skills with excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Strong change management skills 
Strong decision-making and leadership abilities 
Strong organizational and problem-solving abilities 
Understanding of complexity of working in a large enterprise in relation to infrastructure, application and data 
Strong understanding of Delivery methodologies, including project management, business analysis and development 
Leadership in growing team expertise to align with demand and TD's business and technology direction; assess team capabilities, identify ways to provide and enhance value delivered. 
Knowledge of principles, practices and IT processes appropriate to the quality delivery development and stewardship. 
Previous TD experience is a plus 
 Additional Information 
 Additional Information 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Testing & QA 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Technology Solutions 
 Job Category(s) 
 Technology Solutions 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Business Line 
 Corporate 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 Ontario 
 City (Primary) 
 Toronto 
 Work Location 
 TD Centre - TD Tower - 66 Wellington Street West 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
