  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Middlesbrough, England 
 Rate:  Up to £41081 per annum + great additional benefits package 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Project Manager 
 A Housing Association based in North Yorkshire is looking for Construction Project Manager to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full relevant construction qualification, extensive experience dealing with New Build/Design & Build projects, extensive experience in a senior role and ideally a strong background in Housing/Residential works. 
 The main purpose of this Project Manager role is to proactively manage the construction process of developments, ensuring that a consistently high standard of quality control and supervision is maintained and that all work is carried out to a high standard from inception to completion. 
 The main responsibilities associated with the role are as follows; 
 Work with colleagues in the Commercial team in preparing and issuing tender documents, evaluating returns and awarding contracts on relevant land-led schemes. 
Responsible for undertaking regular site inspections to ensure that the required progress, quality and health, safety and environmental standards are achieved and reported on, with the ability to take ownership of high volumes when required 
Attend all Pre-Start and Progress Meetings throughout the duration of the project to liaise with Contractors/Developers and ensure targets and milestones are being achieved. 
To monitor and liaise with contractors to ensure they comply with obligations contained with the relevant contract documentation, including standard specification, and report any deviations to the Contractors Representative. 
 Responsible for the production of detailed weekly and monthly reports to inform regular monitoring of developments including, but not limited to progress of works, details of any delays/variations, agreeing client instructions/directions, any H, S & E issues and any details of events of significance. 
To ensure all client instructions/directions given on site provide value for money and that all changes are promptly reported to Commercial colleagues. 
To be responsible for liaison with contractor/developer though the handover process, including inspection visits, preparing schedules of outstanding works and ensuring all 'snagging' items are rectified 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 Construction based qualification and ideally chartered membership 
Significant recent experience working with new build, design and build, and residential designs (including modern methods of construction) 
Wide and varied experience in the building environment to include contractor management and contract administration. 
Demonstrate knowledge of operational Health & Safety with an understanding of the clients role under CDM regulations. 
 Good working knowledge of Building Regulations and NHBC Building Standards. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering a starting salary of £41,081 along with a very generous benefits package, so if this Project Manager role sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £41081 per annum + great additional benefits package 
 
 
 Location:  Middlesbrough, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-27 15:23:59 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 Covid-19 Project Manager 
 Health and Safety Advisor 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker  
 Joiner 
 Support Worker  
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
