Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director IT Security 
 Irving Oil 
 __Saint John, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Who are we? 
 Founded in 1924, Irving Oil is a family-owned company with operations throughout Eastern Canada, New England and Ireland with a focus on providing exceptional service and high-quality products to our customers. Every day, we strive to put our good energy in action to bring families together, support the environment and local wildlife, and to create learning opportunities that empower the next generation. 
 Here 's what you can expect from us: 
When you're a part of our team, you'll see how we bring good energy to our business and our employees. Together, we will support our corporate strategy, high standards and the communities where we live and work. Our collaborative approach, commitment to diversity and inclusion along with our safety-first culture helps reinforce our internal brand position where People Matter. That's why we're dedicated to the development of our employees, so that they can reach their career goals. 
 What you can expect in a typical day 
 In the rapidly changing world of cyber security, there is never a dull moment for an innovative and inspiring leader. As the Director of IT Security , you will be responsible for developing, implementing and monitoring strategic, comprehensive enterprise cybersecurity and IT risk management programs. In this role, you will provide the vision and leadership necessary to manage the risk to the organization and will ensure business alignment, effective governance, system and product availability, integrity and confidentiality. As the leader of this dynamic team, y ou must be able to provide direction and vision to a team of security experts, help build a culture of security across a global organization and act as a thought leader across our Company. This position reports to Chief Information Officer (CIO). 
 What you’ll need to succeed: 
Understand how to build organizational capability and develop a team; ensuring the right people are in place to accomplish the organization’s goals; a dynamic leader that motivates others to achieve superior team performance 
Provide management oversight and coordination of vendor interactions, including the following: performance management, resource management, financial management, contract management, program management, and risk management 
Operate with a sense of urgency about executing the company’s missions and adapt quickly to evolving requirements 
Proven experience building credibility and collaborating with senior business leaders to assess organizational challenges, institute prioritization and deliver results 
Develop and manage long-term strategy and annual operating plans for effective IT spend 
Ensure department is strategically aligned with other organizational plans by building relationships with stakeholders throughout the business 
Demonstrate experience with large-scale M&A activities in assessing security risks and exposure 
Possess strong situational awareness; demonstrate maturity and good judgment; be adaptable and agile while perform in a dynamic and rapidly evolving context 
Work effectively with third parties (including IT operations vendors, security vendors and product suppliers) and all available resources to build and extend cyber security capacity. 
Competent in IT risk assessment and management, IT continuity management, IT governance formulation and organizational change management 
Expert in information security policy formulation, information security management and business risk management 
 Professional skills 
 Proven experience building credibility and collaborating with senior business leaders to assess organizational challenges, institute prioritization and deliver results 
Understand how to build organizational capability and can develop and build a team; ensure the right people are in place to accomplish the organization’s goals; dynamic leader that motivates others 
Technically strong in core cyber security and risk management functions such as: governance, compliance, threat intelligence, attack readiness, event monitoring, human behavior analytics, cyber forensics, data protection, encryption, vulnerability management. 
Very strong leadership and communication skills are imperative 
 Education and experience 
 Minimum 10+ years of leadership experience in IT security, cyber security, IT risk management or related fields is required 
Bachelor’s degree in either Information Security, Computer Science, Information Management Systems, or related field or equivalent work experience. Master’s degree or MBA preferred. 
Senior level experience in some combination of IT security governance, core cyber technical capabilities and related tools, cyber incident and event management, threat intelligence, as well as risk management methodologies and frameworks 
Strong business acumen and knowledge of IT platform, software, and infrastructure operations 
 Irving Oil supports a diverse and inclusive work environment and welcomes applications from all qualified applicants. 
 #L1-GM1 
 Job Requirements - Work Experience 
 Information Technology 
 Job Requirements - Education 
 Bachelors:  Information Technology (Required) 
 Location 
 Saint John, NB 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
