[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Content Writer/Blogger 
 Heights Platform 
 Freelance 
 Remote Remote 
 Jan 7 
 Content Writer/Blogger at Heights Platform 
 As a Content Writer at Heights Platform, you’ll help our customers learn how to build and grow successful online learning businesses. Our customers will look to the articles you write not as general fluff pieces, but as well researched and clearly presented information that will help them take their online course business to the next level. They love the attention and support we provide them, as well as the strong emphasis we place on creating authentic, quality content. 
 Your Responsibilities: 
 
 Writing blog content about online learning, digital marketing, coaching and consulting, and entrepreneurship. 
 Understanding pain points and common problems our customers have, and creating blog articles that provide real value to our creators. 
 Writing and editing content for email newsletters. 
 Updating our knowledge base, and helping us understand where to improve our existing support content. 
 Writing a range of content that appeals to customers at each stage in their journey, whether they’ve just started building their online course, or are an experienced creator with tens of thousands of students. 
 Researching article ideas and discussing them with our founder. 
 Ideally being aware of areas to improve in our content marketing, both in regards to SEO and email sequences. 
 Staying up-to-date with new feature releases to help our customers best benefit from them. 
 Finding areas for potential collaboration and synergy with blogs of other companies and creators. 
 
 We’re looking for someone who has: 
 
 The desire to make impact and help our creators grow their knowledge businesses. 
 Prior experience in a writing or online marketing role. Even better if you are an entrepreneur with a current/previous blog of your own. 
 Can create unique and detailed content, free of errors. 
 Excellent written communication ability. You are able to clearly explain solutions with content that is exciting to read. 
 The ability to constantly learn and improve. Customers with thousands of students will rely on you to help them make their courses the best they can be. 
 Experience in the world of online courses and digital marketing. 
 Experience with SEO is a plus. 
 Experience with basic HTML/CSS is a plus. 
 Experience with Active Campaign is a plus. 
 
 About Heights Platform 
 We help entrepreneurs monetize their knowledge online. Heights Platform’s all-in-one course creation software provides entrepreneurs, online marketers, coaches, and consultants everything they need to build a business selling their knowledge. 
 Thousands of customers in 100+ countries around the world use Heights Platform to run their online course businesses. 
 Our goal is to help ensure our customer’s students can put their newly acquired knowledge to use. Providing tools to market an online course is one thing, but an online course can only truly be successful when learners can reach the outcome promised to them. 
 Why Work with Us? 
 
 We believe work-life balance is essential. Enjoy Unlimited time off. We highly encourage at least 4 weeks off out of the year. 
 Opportunities to grow and make an impact. 
 Competitive pay. 
 Flexible work hours. 
 Work remotely where you feel most comfortable and productive. 
 Confidently be yourself without fear of judgement. 
 Be part of a creative team that is constantly innovating and improving how creators can make a living from their skills, and how students can better learn online. 
 
 We’re excited to hear from you! 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Heights Platform 
 Online course building software that helps you host and build the most powerful learning platform to sell your online courses and digital products. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Heights Platform is hiring a Content Writer/Blogger&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14414-content-writerblogger)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Heights Platform is hiring a Content Writer/Blogger&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14414-content-writerblogger&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
