
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: Nicholas Cage career 
  March 18, 2012  
 Season of the Witch: Get Your Cage On 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 
 I'm liking this. 
 In the same vein as Black Death and watched only a few nights afterwards, I came to the realization as to why this movie didn't work for me. It's not Nic Cage or Ron Pearlman. It's not the lackluster accents put on by the cast. It's not the Rock 'n' Roll ahead approach to the plot. It's the fact that I didn't feel that any of these actors were ever meant to or destined to star in period pieces. As in Black Death, Sean Bean was specifically bred and born to play the role of a Medieval knight. In Nic Cage's case, I'm not at all positive. Sure, Ron Pearlman has wielded a sword in In the Name of a King (come to think of it, even Jason Statham can't play an English peasant…) but Pearlman's body size is really only perfect for Hellboy and Blade II. 
 And, in this manner, I was removed from fully immersing myself and enjoying the plot presented in Season of the Witch. (Original title idea for Scorsese's 
 
 Do you believe this wench to be a witch? 
 Mean Streets.) I had to watch this though. My goal in life is to watch the entire career of Nicholas Cage in full. All the way from Fast Times at Ridgemont High down to Ghost Rider 5 (I hope…). I'll take all the good (The Cage Renaissance) all the way down to his money problems (National Treasure and onwards… for now…). Seeing as this Medieval film really fits this quota, let's dissect it. 
 
 Nic Cage and his flowing locks of sultry power. 
 So Behmen (Nicholas Cage) and Felson (Ron Pearlman) are two ex-crusaders. And to say that, I mean that after many wars, these two decided all the killing wasn't worth it anymore. And I gotta say, some pretty pimp-ass helmets as well. They look like cauldrons. Whatever floats your boat. So these two ruffians hustle it back to Germany just in time to find that the Black Plague has hit Europe. (Actually accurate that a lot of Crusaders missed that bit in history.) Discovered in some barn area that they are wanted by the Church, these two duel for a quick second and then are whisked off to meet with Cardinal D'Ambroise (Christopher Lee). 
 Haggard as ever and possessed by the plague, the Cardinal orders these two men to escort a suspected witch to a hidden monk's shindig house in order to LIFT THE ENTIRE CURSE OF THE BLACK PLAGUE. All because of one girl? 
 
 Read, Deballsack! 
 Unlikely… But that's beside the point. So the two agree to avoid jail/death, and they assemble their Super Squad. First up we got Debelzeq (Stephen Campbell Moore). This is pronounced De-ball-sack. Unfortunate, but an actual name. One of the more believable period piece actors, Moore brings a bit of the clergy to the screen. There's Eckhart (Ulrich Thomsen), the soft-spoken man with a heart of gold. He obviously can't last. And there's Hagamar the thief (Stephen Graham). He's really not worth mentioning. 
 
 Robert Sheehan, the last bastion of hope in this film. 
 And then there's the star of the show. Young altar boy turned knight, Kay von Wollenbarth (Robert Sheehan). This new up and coming actor stars in one of my favorite shows in the U.K., Misfits. This show (which will be reviewed soon) is a wonderful breakout role for Sheehan, and he has proved his mettle since then in Killing Bono and Red Riding. He's really not given a chance to shine in this film with the limited script, but you'd barely recognize him. If only his Irish accent could flow from those lips in every film. 
 So, on this whirlwind roller coaster adventure, in every twist and turn, lives are at stake. Is Anna (Claire Foy) truly a witch? Or something more? Will Behmen and Felson survive? Only watching this movie from start to finish in hopefully one sitting will tell… 
 There's really not much to say about anything else in this film, so I'll summarize. The acting is a period piece, without a sense of the period. English accents failed to veil whatever was going on at the time. If those were even accents… I love the Cage, but when you want some Cage action, you expect a bit better from him. This one was toned down and I commend him for that action, but some more terror and mania was necessary. This supernatural film came across as realistic at first, and moved towards the CGI graphics and buffoonery towards the end. It seemed as if the movie was going in two different directions from start to finish. I don't blame the actors or what was attempted onscreen, I would say the flaws started from the writing/pre-production phase. So, cast and crew of Season of the Witch, you gave it your all, but you let Nicholas Cage down. And for that, the Cage vehicle of dastardly deeds gets a measly 3.3 out of 10. 
 
 This haggardly crew must fight the witch in this touching film of evil. 
 3 Comments    |  tags:  altar boy ,  Anna ,  bad writing ,  Behmen ,  Black Death ,  Black Plague ,  Blade 2 ,  born to play a knight ,  breakout role ,  Cage action ,  Cardinal D'Ambroise ,  cast and crew ,  cauldrons ,  CGi graphics ,  Christopher Lee ,  Church ,  Claire Foy ,  Crusaders ,  Debelzeq ,  didn't work ,  Eckhart ,  English peasant ,  Europe ,  ex-crusaders ,  Fast Times at Ridgemont High ,  Felson ,  flaws ,  Germany ,  Ghost Rider series ,  Hagamar ,  Hellboy ,  hidden monks ,  In the Name of the King ,  innocent girl ,  Irish accent ,  Jason Statham ,  Kay von Wollenbarth ,  Killing Bono ,  lackluster accents ,  limited script ,  lives at stake ,  lots of killing ,  Mean Streets ,  Medieval ,  Medieval film ,  Misfits ,  money problems ,  most believable period piece actor ,  National Treasure ,  Nicholas Cage ,  Nicholas Cage career ,  not a period piece ,  not much to say ,  pimp helmets ,  pre-production ,  Red Riding ,  removed from the film ,  Robert Sheehan ,  roller coaster adventure ,  Ron Pearlman ,  rushed plot ,  Scorsese ,  Sean Bean ,  Season of the Witch ,  star of the show ,  Stephen Campbell Moore ,  Stephen Graham ,  Super Squad ,  supernatural film ,  terror and mania ,  The Cage Renaissance ,  thief ,  toned down ,  turned knight ,  two different directions ,  UK ,  Ulrich Thomsen ,  up and coming actor ,  wars ,  witches  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
