Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Radiation Therapist - Radiation Therapy 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Req ID:  100531 
 Location:  Central Zone, Dickson Building - QEII 
 Company:  NSHA 
 Department:  CANC Radiation Therapy 
 Type of Employment:  Hourly PT long-assignment (80% FTE) x 2 position(s) 
 Union Status:  NSGEU 
 Posting Closing Date:  30-Nov-20 
 Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM on the Closing Date. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is the largest provider of health services in Nova Scotia. We are over 22,000 employees who provide health care and support services in hospitals, health centres and community-based programs throughout Nova Scotia. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority provides health services to Nova Scotians and some specialized services to Maritimers and Atlantic Canadians. We operate hospitals, health centres and community-based programs across the province. Our team of health professionals includes employees, doctors, researchers, learners and volunteers that provide the health care or services you may need. This is accomplished across four geographic management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient, outpatient services including academic, tertiary, quaternary care and community based programs and services including continuing care, primary health care, public health, and mental health and addictions. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Radiation Therapist accurately and precisely prepares a cancer patient and their chart for administration of a course of radiation treatments. This includes fabrication of accessories (such as casts), treatment localization (through operation of conventional simulator and operation of CT scanner with simulation software, treatment calculations (in-depth knowledge of treatment plans, dosimetry and outputs), data entry (for record and verify system and online image acquisition system), treatment delivery including external beam therapy and brachytherapy in the OR (utilizing multiple different units and technologies), handling of radioactive sources and student teaching and precepting (for radiation therapy students, residents and visiting students). 
 Qualifications 
 
 Graduate of an accredited Radiation Therapy Program in Canada or a non-Canadian program recognized by the Canadian Association of Medical Radiation Technologists 
 Certified with Nova Scotia Association of Medical Radiation Technologists and Canadian Association of Medical Radiation Technologists 
 Excellent working knowledge of relevant computer software programs 
 Demonstrated communication and interpersonal skills 
 Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must clearly state such equivalencies in their cover letter, resume, or application. Additionally, candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information. 
 Hours of Work 
 
 Long Assignment Part-time (80%) Position; 60 hours bi-weekly 
 Beginning November 30, 2020 with an expected end date of November 29, 2021 
 These dates are subject to change 
 
 Salary Information 
 Radiation Therapist: 
$40.7461 - $47.5064 hourly 
 Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Typically interviews are held within three to four weeks of the closing date. 
 Successful external applicants will be required to submit the below documents and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment. Additional documentation such as banking & proof of identity will be included in your offer letter. 
 Criminal Record Check 
Proof of education & training certifications 
Proof of any additional required qualification 
Valid registration with the relevant licensing body 
Submission of immunization record along with health assessment documentation 
Proof of SIN number 
 Hiring Process will depend on the timeliness of delivering the above. This is a Healthcare bargaining unit - NSGEU position. Preference is given to bargaining unit employees for unionized positions. Nova Scotia Health Authority is proud to provide a smoke free and scent free environment. Only online applications are accepted. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) is committed to being a workforce that is free of discrimination, values diversity and is representative, at all job levels, of the people we serve. Our priority groups are Aboriginal People, African Nova Scotians, Persons with Disabilities and Recent Immigrants. Members of these groups are welcome to apply and self-identify if they wish to be considered under our Employment Equity policy. 
 Follow us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/NSHA.Recruitment/ 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
