Skip to content    
 Search for: 
 
 Anita Rodgers Mystery Writer 
 The Writing Life, Books, and Things That Make Me Go, "Ah" 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 My Books 
 Services - Freelance Copywriting 
 RESOURCES FOR WRITERS 
 
 Guest Posting on this blog 
 Never Forget 
 
 
 
 Search 
 nutjobs 
 Whacko Environmentalists - 0 Mankind - 1 
 Posted on  September 1, 2010  by  writerchick 
   
 
 
 Now I've been telling you folks that these greenie whackjobs were over the top - maybe now you'll believe me. 
 Apparently a whacko nutjob environmentalist thinks that dirty filthy human beings should be gotten rid of and to prove the passion of his belief took hostages at the _Discovery Channel 's _headquarters (Yes, the Discovery Channel, not BP Oil or a major filthy carbon footprint emitting corporate entity - but the Discovery Channel) . They think he had a bomb strapped to him but the cans were recycled so, it could be that used fertilizer and coffee grounds just don't detonate properly. 
 Long story short - the police didn't mess around considering thousands of lives were at risk and now he is one dead whacko environmentalist. To prove it here are some of his thoughts as voiced on his website (which I will not cite because I don't think crazy people deserve increased blog traffic), courtesy of ABC News: 
 
 Lee writes that the channel should cease its current programming and replace it with a game show about reducing the global population. 
 The channel, he wrote, should produce a program about "how people can live WITHOUT giving birth to more filthy human children since those new additions continue pollution and are pollution." 
 "The world needs TV shows that DEVELOP solutions to the problems that humans are causing, not stupify the people into destroying the world. Not encouraging them to breed more environmentally harmful humans," he wrote. 
 "Saving the environment and the remaning [sic] species diversity of the planet is now your mindset. Nothing is more important than saving them. The Lions, Tigers, Giraffes, Elephants, Froggies, Turtles, Apes, Raccoons, Beetles, Ants, Sharks, Bears, and, of course, the Squirrels. . . The humans? The planet does not need humans," he wrote. 
 
 This  article describes the ordeal  in full. 
 Well, Mr. Lee, I suppose I should congratulate you on acheiving your objective, at least in part - because now there is one less filthy human being on the planet. I'm sure the lions and tigers and bears are really jazzed too. 
 Writer Chick 
 Posted in  assclowns Tagged  assclowns ,  Current Events ,  dasterdly deeds ,  dumbasses ,  environmentalism ,  evil bloodsuckers ,  greenies ,  nutjobs ,  Terrorism ,  whackos 1 Comment 
 Book updates, free stories & more 
 SIGN UP  for news from Anita about: 
 
 New books 
 Promotions 
 Contests 
 Exclusive subscriber content 
 Latest updates 
 Little tidbits to brighten your day 
 And more… 
 
 Anita respects your privacy and will not share your email with anyone. 
 Typically, you will receive updates once or twice a month. You may unsubscribe at any time. 
 Follow Anita Rodgers Blog via Email 
 You can enter your email address to follow Anita's blog and you'll receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,004 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Get to know Anita on Facebook 
 
 Get to know Anita on Facebook 
 
 Bookbub with me 
 [](https://www.bookbub.com/authors/anita-rodgers
?follow=true) 
 Yes, you can get an ebook autographed 
 
 Biz 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Nail Your Novel 
 mjbreviewers 
 Dead Darlings 
 Lee Lofland 
 Kristine Kathryn Rusch 
 House of Heart 
 Lorraine Ambers 
 lifecameos 
 transitionu 
 J. B. Garner - Musings of a Starving Author 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 PLot Driven or Character Driven 
 Characters leave you flat? 
 Stages of writing a book 
 Writer's Ideas 
 Why I Like Being a Writer 
 Writer Life Hacks 
 The Shy Writer - Review 
 How copy writing improves fiction 
 What you never knew about writers 
 Why mysteries 
 Reviews, best way to select book? 
 Leaving the boring stuff out 
 Too much of you in your story? 
 Need a book? 
 Secret writer behavior 
 Why I didn't write today 
 Outlining 
 To outline or not to outline 
 
 Nail Your Novel 
 Nail Your Novel - Writing, publishing and self-publishing advice from a bestselling ghostwriter and book doctor 
 mjbreviewers 
 So Many Books, So Little Time 
 Dead Darlings 
 Everything Novel. 
 Lee Lofland 
 The Graveyard Shift 
 Kristine Kathryn Rusch 
 Writer, Editor, Fan Girl 
 House of Heart 
 Lorraine Ambers 
 Fantasy writer - Bibliophile - Daydreamer 
 lifecameos 
 transitionu 
 Life Coaching, Observations, Reflections, Things that make you go hmmmmm 
 J. B. Garner - Musings of a Starving Author 
 Watch the ongoing adventures of everyone's favorite struggling author! 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
