  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Career   
 Guide to Healthy, Productive, and Professional Relationships at Work 
 
 Guide to Healthy, Productive, and Professional Relationships at Work 
 Maintaining healthy relationships at work is an important part of making your work life more productive as well as more fulfilling. In addition, your career success will ultimately hinge on your ability to develop strong relationships at work with coworkers, supervisors, and clients. 
 This guide offers several key aspects of developing and maintaining strong professional relationships as well as links to more in depth articles on the subject. 
 Characteristics of Healthy Relationships at Work 
 It is actually a myth that relationships are either professional or personal. In reality, most relationships in our lives, including at work, have traits of both. Humans are highly social animals and building bonds with others is something that happens when we work closely with others over a period of time. 
 The same characteristics that make for good personal friendships can also make for good professional relationships, including: 
 
 Honesty 
 Integrity 
 Reliability 
 Empathy 
 Respect 
 Trust 
 Authenticity 
 Commitment to shared goals and purposes 
 Honoring different points of view 
 Comfort with diversity 
 Being present and mindful of the needs of others 
 The ability to be vulnerable 
 Desire to be helpful 
 The ability to challenge each other to strive for growth and development 
 
 Drawing and Respecting Boundaries 
 Although healthy professional relationships share many characteristics of healthy personal relationships, it is important to be able to have boundaries between our personal lives and our professional lives. One of the most critical aspects of maintaining healthy relationships at work is to learn to both assert boundaries as well as respect those asserted by others. 
 There are no hard and fast rules when it comes to appropriate boundary setting between your personal and professional lives. You have to decide what you are comfortable sharing about in regards to your personal life and with whom. However, becoming more aware and intentional about those boundaries can help you maintain healthier relationships at work. 
 Sometimes sharing too much about your personal life in a workplace setting can make people uncomfortable, diminish how you are perceived, or erode your authority in the workplace. 
 Examples of blurring the personal/professional boundary at work may include: 
 
 Talking about subjects such as politics or religion 
 Sharing details about intimate relationships 
 Gossiping about the personal lives of other employees 
 Discussing family conflict and drama 
 Bringing up subjects concerning the physical or mental health of yourself or others 
 
 While you may develop a close friendship with someone at work with whom such subjects are safe to discuss, it is best to have those discussions after work hours and away from other coworkers. Of course, gossiping about others in the workplace is never appropriate. 
 Curating Your Social Media Presence 
 Another way that some people make the mistake of blurring personal and professional boundaries is through social media platforms. Take the time to check your privacy settings to make sure your personal posts on social media are visible only to friends in your personal network and be choosy about who you add to that list. 
 Consider developing a professional social media presence on sites such as LinkedIn in order to keep in touch with professional relationships outside of work. This allows you to keep topics of conversation on professional subjects, such as a shared news article that is relevant to your field. And, it allows you a place to develop a professional network which can contribute to career advancement in many ways. 
 Develop Your Communication Skills 
 One of the biggest sources of conflict in relationships at work is poor communication. While you cannot control how others communicate at work, you can learn more about effective communication strategies to help reduce your own contribution to misunderstandings. 
 A few examples of strong communication skills include being able to: 
 
 Clearly articulate your needs in the context of collaborative work 
 Offer praise for work well done and constructive feedback for work that does not meet reasonable benchmarks 
 Ask clarifying questions to fill in your own gaps of knowledge rather than making assumptions 
 Say no to taking on work that you know is beyond your current capacity 
 Ask for guidance when needed 
 Respect the boundaries of others as well as your own 
 
 Managing Conflict at Work 
 No matter how hard we try, sometimes we just do not get along well with a particular coworker. It is important to first try to bring as much empathy and respect to the table in such cases. However, that alone will not always solve the problem. 
 If you find that you are unable to prevent conflict with a team member despite your best efforts, it may be time to bring in another perspective to solve the problem before it gets out of hand. 
 The first option in most cases is to schedule a meeting with your supervisor. Be prepared to discuss in detail the strategies you have tried to use to manage the relationship in a healthy way. In addition, make a note of instances where you felt the other person may have violated your boundaries, treated you abusively, or otherwise created roadblocks to working together in a productive way. And, keep an open mind to the feedback you get during the meeting and try to implement any solutions offered by your supervisor before taking other actions. 
 In other cases, such as in cases where the problem is with your supervisor, going to the Human Resources department with your problem may be a solution, but not always. Observe what has happened to others who went to HR and assess how HR has dealt with them. Consider all your options. 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 HR 
 
 An Employee’s Guide to Dealing with Human Resources  
 What I Have Learned Leading an International Team of Remote Workers  
 
 Recommended Articles 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
