[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 10 Secret Tips to Get a Work at Home Job 
 Published by  aw1219  on January 2, 2021 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Have you been struggling to get a work at home job even though you've been applying to many different companies recently? Does it seem like everyone else around you is getting hired except for you? Are you on the verge of believing you will never get hired to work from home? 
 There are a lot of people that probably feel the exact same way you do. So, don't give up yet until you read these secret tips that can help you to land the  work at home job (s) you've always wanted. These tips can also help those who are already working at home to secure a higher-paying, long-term work at home career with benefits. 
 
 
 Timing  - It is important to remember that timing has a lot to do with getting a work at home job. There are companies that only recruit during certain times of the year or have just a few openings set aside for remote workers. Because this can be the case a lot of times, you will need to apply early. Early in the day, week, month, or as soon as you find out they are hiring before they cut off accepting applications. 
 Attitude  - Employers will sift through candidates to find and hire those who are eager to work and have a positive/enthusiastic attitude. Although you may not visibly get to see your employer in person, they can still detect your attitude by your quick response to an email, your voice in an interview, and even how you respond to questions. Express your excitement about working with the company when you are communicating with them. 
 Approach  - Approach your application and possible interview like you would if you were already employed by the company. By that I mean, complete all parts of the application, training, and hiring process. Avoid being distracted when you have to take an  exam  for a job, stay focused to complete all the steps in a timely manner, and be prompt with good attendance during training because this will indicate what kind of employee you will be when you start working. Start strong and maintain that momentum. 
 Goals  - Set daily goals and record what you have done so that you can examine yourself and take steps to make improvements or adjustments to be more productive. It will also help to start your day in a good mental space by being alert, eating a light breakfast, or having a cup of coffee. Make it a goal to get proper rest the night before so that you can be more productive in your job search. 
 Hidden Jobs  - Set aside time to call on businesses each week that you think may have jobs, you can do. If they respond, they have no work, ask him or her if they know anywhere else you might look and to whom you should speak. If they know of someone, make an appointment with the company stating the name of the person that referred you. Ask your friends, family, or other associates to help you access the hidden job market and let them know that you are actively looking for work. Obtain the addresses and phone numbers of prospective employers from the employment office. Respond to job ads. Research businesses on social media and even offline to make lists of companies that might have jobs that are not yet advertised and contact them. 
 Adapt  - Look for jobs outside your profession, training, or expertise. If a company has virtual job training or requires little experience, try applying to these jobs. Remember, you could also go to school for a trade, and get grants from the government which could lead to employment. Try applying to jobs that are hiring in your area or state because you will have a better chance of getting the job due to the fact that you live in the area. Apply to more than one company and be willing to take the time to participate in virtual job fairs. 
 Effective Resume  - Include your full name, address, phone number, social media profile, email address., and references in your  resume . When stating your objective, highlight any education you received that would be relevant to the position you are applying for as well as any training or skills you have acquired. Give details of previous work experience including any goals you reached and benefits you brought to your previous employers. Include any qualities, interests, and hobbies. Make sure your resume looks professional, has no grammar errors or typos, and is neat. 
 Interviews  - Research the company that you are looking to work for. The more you know about the company, the better the impression you will make during the interview. Your research will also help you determine whether the company really has the kind of work you want or is one you want to work for. Try to be conversational when you are in an interview, use natural gestures, and be honest when answering questions. Refrain from telling your employer that you want to work at home to stay with your kids. Some employers see that as a liability. Make sure you tidy up your computer desk for a webcam interview. Employers are observant and can see if you have an organized clutter-free workspace or vice versa. 
 Social Media  - A lot of employers will want to know if you have a presence on social media. This will tell them a lot about you, what your interests and hobbies are, who you associate with, your lifestyle, family life, and so forth. You would not want to be embarrassed about anything your potential employer would see, so take time to clean up your social media profiles and eliminate any profanity, offensive words, adult content, shared posts, etc. 
 Thank you Cards/Notes  - This may be a new thought for some of you to send a thank you card to express your appreciation for being asked to interview for a job, a second interview, or just for the opportunity to apply and be considered for a work at home position. But how many times have you received an unexpected card and thought to yourself…this really made my day! This is the impression that you can with an employer. Sending a virtual or physical thank you card to a company will help them to remember you, make you stand out, and may even lead to a job offer. I created a special thank you card that you can  view and purchase  to send to others here. Feel free to edit it to your liking. 
 
 Why don't you try to implement some of these tips the next time you apply to a work at home company and see if it doesn't improve your work at home prospects for the better? When you are offered a work at home job, please share your good news with us on the following outlets. 
 Workersonboard Community FB Group 
 
 via email at alicia@workersonboard.com 
 
 YouTube community 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  secrets to get a work at home job tips to get a work at home job work at home secrets 
 Tags:  tips to get a work at home job work at home secrets work at home tips 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,475 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
