WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement 
 
 Home 
 Interview 
 Interview Tips 
 How to Manage Stress During the Job Interview 
 
 
 How to Manage Stress During the Job Interview 
 Job searching  is a difficult process because job seekers submit themselves to the judgment of others. They literally seek others' seal of approval and rely on them for crucial decisions that will affect their future. 
 The interview stage in the job hunt process is particularly stressful. This stage is especially difficult to handle because it requires human interaction. Most people writing their  resumes  and  cover letters  do so in the comfort of their own homes or hire professionals to do it for them. They do not have the "pressure" of facing others or living up to expectations… on the spot. Should they be rejected, that will come in the form of a refusal letter, an e-mail, or a "no response." 
 In contrast to the above, interviewing forces job seekers to step outside of their comfort zone, attend events or meetings in person, and put themselves on the line. The fear of behaving foolishly or disappointing others is at the root of the stress that most people feel. That fear is compounded by the fact that many job seekers are at a point in their life where they have low self-confidence, whether because they are unemployed or because they are unhappy where they are. 
 In light of that, what steps can people take to  manage their stress level ? Following is a list of simple actions you can take in order to improve your chance of success by reducing your stress level during interviews. 
 Gather as much information as possible on the interview process  in order to have a better understanding of what you will be facing. As you gather information, you will gain a sense of control. Stress is caused in part by uncertainty. The more you reduce the uncertainty, the less stress you will feel. 
 Prepare a list of interview questions  you expect to be asked and decide how to answer them.  Don't memorize answers as this will actually increase your stress level. On the day of the interview, you don't want to have to worry about remembering answers. On the contrary, you want to look as natural as possible. Remember, the way you convey your answers is as important as the substance of your answers. 
 Another issue you may want to consider is what if you are asked a question that you did not prepare for? Memorizing definitely cannot help you there. That being said, being alert and knowing what to say is more important than remembering what to say. 
 Choose what you are going to wear beforehand  so you don't have to worry about that the day of the interview. Also, don't forget to check the weather and to dress accordingly. 
 Plan your interview day.  Planning allows us to find the best path to achieve our objectives. Plan for the predictable and the unpredictable. Tell yourself that if everything went according to what we expect, we wouldn't need planning. We need to plan ahead because the future cannot be predicted. 
 Visualize your interview day  , from the moment you wake up to the moment you conclude the interview. This is part of the planning stage and will make you feel like you are not doing what you're doing for the first time. By visualizing your day, you will acquire a kind of automatism so that you won't need to think of what to do next; you will just know. 
 Dress simple and carry as little accessories as possible.  Only bring with you what you need, so you don't have to worry about carrying things along, looking clumsy, or losing things on your way. 
 Choose your mode of transportation wisely. Be especially careful about the weather and the traffic. If your interview is at 5:30 p.m. downtown, you might want to take public transit. 
 Arrive early  so you can have a few minutes to yourself before the interview starts. You want to be in the right state of mind when you greet the interviewer or enter the interview room. Arriving late will prevent you from putting your thoughts together. 
 Schedule your interview wisely.  If possible, schedule your interview in the morning so you can get it over and done with. You might be tired in the afternoon or something might happen during the day that might affect your state of mind. 
 Be positive.  If you think negative, you will have a tendency to worry and this will increase your stress level. 
 Be yourself.  Don't try to be someone else. 
 Immerse yourself in the "conversation" as opposed to only "answering questions."  Focus is the answer to stress. As you focus on the conversation you are having, you will forget about your stress. 
 Put things in perspective.  It's only a job interview, not a life or death kind of situation, so relax! If you don't get the job there, you will have another chance somewhere else. 
 To summarize, the key to managing stress during the interview is to make the day as uneventful as possible so you can put all your attention in  making the best impression . Managing stress is about preparation, planning, and positive thinking. 
 by  John Sylo 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 Special Circumstances (Interviewing) 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles on Interviewing 
 
 The Job Interview Process Needs to Be Understood 
 Insights Into the Interviewer’s Thought Process and the Value That the Job Interview Brings to an Organization 
 What the Interviewer Wants to Know About You 
 Can YOU Control the Interview? 
 How to Make a Good Impression at the Job Interview 
 How to Get Ready for the Job Interview 
 Interviewing? Avoid These 6 Silly Sins 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
