Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 What It Takes | Jim Barbagallo 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 About This Blog 
 Contact 
 
 Tag Archives: CareerCast 
 PR As a Top 10 Most Stressful Job…Oh Pahlease 
 Posted on  January 9, 2014  by   Jim Barbagallo 
 2 
 The annual list of most stressful jobs is making the rounds and some of my public relations colleagues are carrying the fact that "public relations executive" was ranked by  CareerCast  as the 6th most stressful job as a of badge of honor. 
 Here's the full list, beginning with most stressful job: 
 Enlisted military, military general, firefighter, airline pilot, event coordinator, public relations executive, senior corporate executive, newspaper reporter, police officer, taxi driver. 
 Outside of the entertainment factor, the annual listing isn't very meaningful, really. You can read more about the methodology CareerCast uses for its ranking  here . To me, the comparisons are apples and oranges. For example, an airline pilot charged with transporting 300 souls in a metal vessel travelling at 600 MPH and at 38,000 feet, or an urban firefighter sprinting into a burning apartment building while everyone else is running in the opposite direction, have stress level factors PR people can only imagine. 
 And it's ridiculous to think that a big city police officer, who's pre-work routine includes donning a bullet proof vest and a loaded pistol, has a job that's less stressful than the PR guy who's pre-work routine includes reviewing email, checking the charge on his smartphone or taking one last look in the mirror before dashing off to a meeting at Starbucks. 
 Not to downplay the PR profession by any means. It's a fantastic occupation, one that has been my bread and butter for more than 25 years and like any job where demanding, paying customers and deadlines and rejection are involved, it has its fair share of stresses. But it doesn't belong on the same list as enlisted military, firefighters or police officers. While we're at it, add nurses and school teachers to the list but remove event coordinator, corporate executive and newspaper reporter (I was one early in my career and while I was almost punched out by an intoxicated town councilor, I was never put in a position to save lives like our heroic first responders are). 
 Let's leave taxi driver on the top 10, though. Cabbies put themselves in harm's way every time a new client steps into their ride, especially when it's an overly caffeinated PR person who just got word that his story idea was just rejected by the  WSJ  and his smartphone is about to die. 
 Posted in  media relations ,  public relations ,  public relations agencies ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  CareerCast ,  Most stress jobs of 2014 ,  PR person ,  public relations ,  smartphone ,  WSJ  |   2  Replies 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Emotional Stories Exists in Every B2B Company (finding them is the challenge)  February 27, 2014 
 Preventing "Death by A Thousand Cuts" in the Agency-Client Relationship  January 15, 2014 
 PR As a Top 10 Most Stressful Job…Oh Pahlease  January 9, 2014 
 8 Questions To Jump-Start Your Team in 2014  January 2, 2014 
 "Willing To Risk Death Daily:" What a Help Wanted Ad Says About a Company  December 23, 2013 
 Customer Retention Is King: Four Steps to Secure the Throne  December 20, 2013 
 Agencies Make Their Internal Counterparts Better, And Vice Versa  December 16, 2013 
 Boston/Cambridge Tech vs. Silicon Valley Tech: Vive La Difference  December 11, 2013 
 Don't Confuse 'Thought Leadership' With 'Branded Content' Or 'Native Advertising'  December 9, 2013 
 "I Am Press Release" - 107 Years Young  December 5, 2013 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 How to avoid the sou…  on  Preventing "Death by A T… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jim Barbagallo  on  PR As a Top 10 Most Stressful… 
 
 
 
 Steven Spenser  on  PR As a Top 10 Most Stressful… 
 
 
 
 Bill Maher Slams Mar…  on  Boston to Bill Maher: A Simple… 
 
 
 
 dickpirozzolo  on  "I Am Press Release… 
 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category advertising apology B2B B2C brand ambassadors brand communications client relations client retention communications transparency content marketing executive leadership innovation IPOs media relations native advertising public relations public relations agencies reputation communications start ups story telling strategy session tech PR thought leadership Uncategorized venture backed companies 
 A few of my fav blogs 
 
 The KettlePizza Blog 
 VentureBeat 
 Tech 
 Northeastern MBA Blogs 
 Both Sides of the Table 
 Blogger Network – PRNEWS 
 Holtz Communications + Technology | Blog 
 Tenacity 
 Spin Sucks 
 Thunderclap 
 HubSpot Marketing Blog 
 NYT > U.S. > Politics 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Discuss 
 Get Inspired 
 Get Polling 
 Get Support 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 What It Takes 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 21 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 The KettlePizza Blog 
 Turn Your Grill Into An Outdoor Pizza Oven 
 VentureBeat 
 Tech 
 News and reviews from the world of gadgets, gear, apps and the web 
 Northeastern MBA Blogs 
 Follow our MBA students as they blog about their corporate residencies, career services, international field study, career searches and more. 
 Both Sides of the Table 
 Entrepreneur turned VC 
 Blogger Network – PRNEWS 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 Holtz Communications + Technology | Blog 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 Tenacity 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 Spin Sucks 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 Thunderclap 
 Ad agency new business tips and insights: rainmaking by the drop! 
 HubSpot Marketing Blog 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 NYT > U.S. > Politics 
 A Communications Blog About Going the Extra Mile 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
