Companies That Are Hiring and How to Apply 
 If you’re looking for a job, these companies have opportunities. 
 Companies That Are Hiring and How to Apply 
 Some businesses struggle during uncertain times, but others find their goods and services in demand. 
 These companies come from a variety of industries, including retail, delivery and personal shopping, health care, online tutoring, technology, and more. And they need more workers. 
 Most of the companies are processing applications entirely online and hiring quickly -- often in just a few days. This is who has jobs and how you can apply. 
 50. Federal Express 
 Industry:  Shipping services and contract logistics 
 Jobs:  Administrative assistant, customer service, driver, installation and maintenance, loading and stocking, logistical support, management 
 Number of jobs: 293 
 Salary range:   $29,640-$61,161 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Administrative assistant: four years related experience, able to operate office equipment, computer skills, good communication and human relations skills. 
 Customer service: previous experience, good phone and computer skills, good verbal and communication skills. 
 Driver: truck or van license, ability to lift 75 pounds, good human relations and communication skills. 
 Installation and maintenance: three years technical experience, completion of trainee program, ability to lift 50 pounds, current driver's license, good interpersonal and communication skills, ability to stand, crawl, lay or climb. 
 Loading/stocking/warehouse: good communications and safety skills, ability to lift 50 pounds. 
 Management: previous experience, strong analytical, leadership and organizational skills. 
 Bottom line:  Federal Express (FedEx) is  a global delivery and logistics company . The company recently held a job fair to fill 500 new positions and currently have another 300 jobs listed. 
 Past and current employees give FedEx  a 4.0 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, vision, dental and life insurance, a retirement plan, paid leave, tuition reimbursement, meals and an employee assistance program. 
 How to apply: FedEx careers page 
 49. Valet Living 
 Industry:  Home and personal services 
 Jobs:  Wide range ( popular jobs include  refuse collector, district manager, parking attendant, dump truck driver, concierge) 
 Number of jobs: 371 
 Salary range:   $23,899-$54,741 
 Education:  None up to college degree 
 Required skills:  Driver: need truck, current driver's license, registration and insurance, smartphone, ability to lift up to 50 pounds. 
 Concierge: high school diploma or GED, previous customer service in hospitality industry, excellent Microsoft Office skills, excellent communication skills, physical fitness and stamina, ability to lift up to 25 pounds, current driver's license, clean driving record, smartphone. 
 Sales/management: previous sales/management experience, valid driver's license, proficiency in Microsoft Office and CRM software. 
 Bottom line:  Valet Living is  a full-service provider  to apartment-living customers, providing everything from trash and recycling collection to pet and personal services. The company recently announced that they will be hiring up to  10,000 new employees  over the next few months. 
 Past and current employees give Valet Living  a 3.1 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits, and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 Valet Living currently offers mostly part-time jobs with limited benefits, including tuition reimbursement, a discount program and an assistance and rewards program. 
 How to apply: Valet Living careers page 
 48. Anderson Merchandisers 
 Industry:  Retail services 
 Jobs:  Retail, sales, management 
 Number of jobs: 550 
 Salary range: $21,985-$56,382 
 Education:  None to high school diploma 
 Required skills:  Sales: ability to lift up to 50 pounds, physical strength and dexterity. 
 Retail territory lead/merchandiser: physical fitness and stamina, ability to lift up to 50 pounds, current driver's license and insurance, experience or knowledge of electronic products, computer, internet access and email required. 
 Bottom line:  Anderson Merchandisers  work for retail clients  to advise on the best in-store merchandising for increasing sales. They also are the country's largest entertainment product merchandiser. 
 Past and current employees give Anderson Merchandisers  a 3.0 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 Most of the new positions available are part-time as retail associates or territory leads and don't offer benefits. Some overnights may be required. 
 How to apply: Anderson Merchandisers Careers Page 
 47. American Income Life Insurance 
 Industry:  Insurance 
 Jobs:  Customer service, sales 
 Number of jobs: 573 
 Salary range: $19,926-$76,740 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED 
 Required skills:  None (training provided) 
 Bottom line:  American Income Life Insurance (AIL)  provides supplemental insurance cover  to members of labor unions, credit unions and associations in the U.S., Canada and New Zealand. 
 Past and current employees give AIL  a 3.0 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good management and work culture. The sales jobs work on a commission basis. 
 Interviews and hiring are all conducted online. AIL offers (usually full-time) employees health, life, vision and dental insurance, and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: American Income Life Insurance careers page 
 46. Care.com 
 Industry:  Personal services 
 Jobs:  Child care, senior care, pet care, housekeeping, tutors, instructors 
 Number of jobs: 637 
 Salary range: $13.28-$16.16 per hour 
 Education:  N/A 
 Required skills:  N/A 
 Bottom line:  Care.com is  an online company that links people  seeking child, senior, special needs or pet carers, cleaners, tutors or similar types of care with specialized service providers. 
 Past and current employees give Care.com  a 4.2 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company doesn't offer any benefits directly to contractors -- the site merely links caregivers and other service providers directly with families in need who then contract directly with the caregiver. 
 How to apply: Care.com jobs page 
 45. Pepsico 
 Industry:  Food and beverage manufacture and distribution 
 Jobs:  Wide range (p opular jobs include  checker, IT technician, process engineer, manufacturing supervisor, maintenance supervisor) 
 Number of jobs: 671 
 Salary range: $17,680-$154,990 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 18 years, previous experience in a similar role. 
 Higher level or management positions: associate, college or advanced degree required. Extensive experience in a similar position. Supervisory or management experience required. 
 Bottom line:  Pepsico is a  global food and beverage manufacturer and wholesaler  that makes and distributes 22 high-profile brands, such as Frito-Lay or Pepsi-Cola. The company recently announced it would be  adding up to 6,000 new workers  in the U.S. 
 Past and current employees give Pepsico a 3.8 star rating (out of five) and highlight good pay, benefits and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, disability and life insurance, paid leave, tuition reimbursement, bonuses and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Pepsico North America careers page 
 44. G4S 
 Industry:  Security 
 Jobs:  Wide range ( popular jobs are  security officer, armed security guard, account manager, field manager, operations manager) 
 Number of jobs: 958 
 Salary range:  $26,436-$84,649 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Basic skills: current driver's license, minimum one year of security experience, good computer skills, good communication, critical thinking and listening skills, good attention to detail. 
 Management: basic skills, previous relevant experience, associate, college or advanced degree. 
 Bottom line:  G4S is a multinational company that offers  a range of security services , including care and justice services, security personnel, technology programs, risk assessment and consulting services. 
 Past and current employees give G4S  a 3.4 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, pet insurance, a retirement plan, a signing bonus, tuition reimbursement, paid leave and an employee assistance program. 
 How to apply: G4S careers page 
 43. Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 Industry:  Technology and consulting 
 Jobs:  Wide range ( popular jobs include  systems analyst, director, software architect) 
 Number of jobs: 995 
 Salary range: $29,940-$144,258 
 Education:  College or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Wide range 
 Bottom line:  Cognizant Technology Solutions (CTS) is a  multinational technology company  that offers a wide range of digital, technology and information technology (IT) consulting services. 
 Past and current employees give CTS  a 3.9 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance, job security, advancement and work culture. 
 CTS offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, a retirement plan, paid leave, a stock plan, bonuses, meals, tuition reimbursement, employee assistance, a mentoring program and visa/green card sponsorship. 
 How to apply: Cognizant Technology Solutions careers page 
 42. Qdoba 
 Industry:  Restaurant 
 Jobs:  Team member, cook, delivery driver 
 Number of jobs: 1,028 
 Salary range: $19,510-$24,878 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Cook/team member: physical fitness and stamina, good personal appearance and professionalism. 
 Driver: reliable vehicle with current registration and insurance, valid driving license, good driving history, no DWI/DUI in past five years, able to lift up to 50 pounds. 
 Bottom line:  Qdoba is a  chain of fast-food restaurants  in the U.S. and Canada that serves Mexican food. They are currently hiring for new entry-level positions as team members, cooks and delivery drivers, all of which are restaurant based. 
 Past and current employees give Qdoba  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health insurance, bonus pay, tuition reimbursement, meals, employee discounts and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Indeed jobs website 
 41. Addus Homecare 
 Industry:  Home care and home health services 
 Jobs:  Home care aide, personal care aide, home health aide, homemaker, certified nursing assistant, state-tested nursing assistant 
 Number of jobs: 1,034 
 Salary range: $20,467-$24,960 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED, certificate in home health care or personal care aide, CNA or STNA certification 
 Required skills:  HCA or PCA: minimum age 18, must pass a background criminal check and have reliable transportation. 
 Homemaker, HHA, CNA,STNA: need physical fitness and strength, previous experience or training or certification. 
 Bottom line:  Addus Homecare  provides in-home support services  for eldery or disabled people that may involve medical care, personal assistance in a range of tasks and activities and home help. The company is hiring both for jobs that require certification or state registration and ones that include training. 
 Past and current employees give Addus  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 Addus provides employees with health, dental and vision insurance and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Addus Homecare careers page 
 40. Spirit Halloween Superstore 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Sales associate 
 Number of jobs: 1,114 
 Salary range: $21,548 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 16, personable and friendly attitude. 
 Bottom line:  Spirit Halloween is a costume, decorations and gaming superstores,  specializing in Halloween . They have 1,300 stores across the U.S. and Canada. 
 The only jobs currently listed are for in-store sales associates. Check the  Indeed.com jobs website  for details about locations of stores that are hiring. 
 Past and current employees give Spirit Halloween  a 4.2 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health insurance, bonuses and employee discounts. 
 How to apply: Indeed jobs website 
 39. The Mentor Network 
 Industry:  Caregiving services 
 Jobs:  A wide range ( popular jobs include  direct support professional, life skills trainer, program coordinator) 
 Number of jobs:   1,225 
 Salary range:  $20,072-$4,;875 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Basic skills: minimum age 18 years, hold a valid driver's license and have access to a registered, insurance vehicle. Some roles require a minimum age of 21 years. 
 Bottom line:  The Mentor Network  is a national network  of local health and human service providers that offers a range of services to families and elders in need of support. 
 The company provides paid training in skills that employees need, such as First Aid or CPR. Most current vacancies are entry-level with training provided. 
 Past and current employees give The Mentor Network  a 2.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision and life insurance, a retirement plan and paid leave. 
 How to apply: The Mentor Network careers page 
 38. United States Postal Service 
 Industry:  Mail and package delivery 
 Jobs:  Mail carrier, clerk assistant, distribution associate, mail processing assistant 
 Number of jobs: 1,276 
 Salary range: $17.95 per hour 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 18 years, physical fitness, stamina and strength. Must pass a drug test and background criminal check. Must be a U.S. citizen or have permanent resident alien status. Must pass a virtual assessment test, which tests personal skills, such as dealing with people or problem-solving. 
 Bottom line:  The United States Postal Service is the government agency tasked with delivering mail. They  are currently hiring  for a range of delivery and distribution roles to deal with a higher than normal volume of mail and packages. Most of the new roles are temporary. 
 Past and present employees rate the USPS with  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits. 
 The USPS offers health, life, vision and dental insurance, a retirement plan, bonuses, and fuel and employee discounts. 
 How to apply: USPS careers page 
 37. ACE Hardware 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Store, distribution, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 1,295 
 Salary range: $20,425-$70,000 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Stores: physical fitness and stamina, lifting up to 25 pounds, climbing. 
 Distribution: valid driver's license, clean driving record, skilled with hand and power tools, forklift experience, customer service and math skills, ability to lift 50-100 pounds. 
 Corporate: previous experience in some positions. 
 Bottom line:  Ace Hardware is a national chain of hardware stores, with  more than 5,000 outlets  across the country, most of them independently owned. The company is expected to add up to 30,000 new jobs. 
 Past and current employees give ACE  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 ACE offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision and life insurance, a retirement plan, paid leave, tuition reimbursement, prescription drug insurance, employee discounts and a health saving plan. 
 How to apply: Ace Hardware careers page 
 36. Global Partners 
 Industry:  Energy and retail 
 Jobs:  Retail, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 1,326 
 Salary range: $24,273-$71,054 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Entry level: physical strength and stamina. 
 Supervisor/manager: physical strength and stamina, flexible schedule, current driver's license, administration skills, computer skills, previous experience. 
 Bottom line:  Global Partners started as a heating oil distributor and has grown to be one of the  largest independent owners, suppliers and operator s of gas stations and convenience stores. The company has 1,600 retail outlets, mostly in the Northeast. 
 Past and current employees give Global Partners  a 2.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and good pay and benefits. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance, a retirement plan, a profit-sharing plan, tuition reimbursement and paid leave. 
 How to apply: Global Partners careers page 
 35. Staples 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  In-store 
 Number of jobs: 1,457 
 Salary range: $19,489-$63,584 
 Education:  None to some college 
 Required skills:  Basic skills: basic computer skills, physical fitness and stamina. 
 Supervisor/manager: basic skills, previous supervisory or management experience. 
 Bottom line:  Staples is a r etail company that sells office supplies , computers, office furniture and business services. Most of the new jobs are based in their stores: as a retail associate, in the print division or as a team leader or manager. 
 Past and current employees give Staples  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, disability and life insurance, a retirement plan, paid leave and employee discounts. 
 How to apply:   Staples careers page 
 34. Honeywell Technology 
 Industry:  Multiple industries 
 Jobs:  Wide range (popular jobs include electrical or software or mechanical engineer, IT security specialist) 
 Number of jobs: 1,664 
 Salary range: $24,523-$137,226 
 Education:  High school diploma to college or master's degree 
 Required skills:  Wide range 
 Bottom line:  Honeywell is a multinational conglomerate that  specializes in four main industries : aerospace, building technology, performance materials, technology, safety and productivity solutions. 
 Past and current employees give Honeywell  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay, benefits and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, work from home options, paid leave, on-site gym, bonuses, stock options, a health savings account, a retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, meals, visa sponsorship and a mentoring program. 
 How to apply: Honeywell careers page 
 33. Albertsons 
 Industry:  Grocery and retail 
 Jobs:  Grocery delivery driver, personal shopper, customer service clerk, grocery clerk, cashier 
 Number of jobs: 1,708 
 Salary range: $21,77-$31,553 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 16 years. 
 Personal shopper, customer service clerk, grocery clerk, cashier  :  good math skills, outgoing personality, good communication skills, flexible schedule, strong organizational and time management skills. 
 Drivers: good customer and driving skills, current driver's license, ability to lift, lower and carry 15-50 pounds. 
 Bottom line:  Albertsons is a large  retail food and drug retailer  with stores in 34 states and the District of Columbia. 
 Past and present employees  give the company a 3.7 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good medical benefits. Albertsons offer (usually full-time employees) health and visions insurance, tuition reimbursement, a retirement plan and paid leave. 
 Hiring is outsourced to ADP, an online human resources agency. You can apply quickly and easily on the ADP website, using a generic application form. The  application process can take  from a few days to a few weeks. 
 How to apply:   Albertsons careers page 
 32. United Parcel Service (UPS) 
 Industry:  Shipping services and contract logistics 
 Jobs:  Retail store, delivery, warehouse, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 2,133 
 Salary range: $18,574-$199,979 
 Education:  Any combination of education and experience that demonstrates the knowledge and ability to perform the work 
 Required skills:  Store and warehouse: physical fitness and stamina, ability to lift up to 40 or 70 pounds, previous experience. 
 Drivers: valid driver's license, good driving record, ability to drive a manual vehicle. 
 Corporate: previous experience; associate or college degree may be required. 
 Bottom line:  United Parcel Service (UPS) is a  global delivery and supply management company  that operates an airline, a freight trucking system and delivery drones. 
 Past and current employees give UPS  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits, job security, advancement and work culture. 
 UPS offers (usually full-time) employees health, vision and dental insurance, paid leave, a retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, bonuses and employee discounts. 
 How to apply:   Indeed.com 
 31. Microsoft 
 Industry:  Technology 
 Jobs:  Information technology professionals, technology sales, customer support services 
 Number of jobs: 2,189 
 Salary range: $42,800-$189,000 
 Education:  College degree in information technology or related field, graduate level legal or business degree 
 Required skills:  Information technology or related field skills and experience. Business development, marketing or sales skills and experience in a technology-related field. 
 Bottom line:  Microsoft is a  multinational technology company  that develops, makes and sells computer software, personal computers, technology services for businesses and consumer electronics, such as Xbox. 
 Past and present employees give Microsoft  a 4.2 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay, generous benefits and flexible work options. 
 The company offers dental, health and vision insurance, flexible work arrangements, including working from home, generous leave benefits, bonuses and stock options, tuition reimbursement and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Microsoft careers page 
 30. Tractor Supply Company 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Store, distribution, store support 
 Number of jobs: 2,412 
 Salary range: $20,508-$67,464 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Stores: strong communication and interpersonal skills, basic computer skills, farming, ranching, pet or welding knowledge preferred. 
 Distribution: high school diploma, ability to lift 50-75 pounds, operating knowledge of warehouse equipment. 
 Store support: high school diploma, good computer skills, strong communication and interpersonal skills, previous experience for some jobs. 
 Management: college or advanced degree, previous experience, previous management experience, previous experience with computer management software, good computer skills, problem-solving, communication, organizational. multitasking and time management skills. 
 Bottom line:  Tractor Supply Company (TSC) is the  largest rural lifestyle chain  in the country -- selling everything customers need for farms, ranches, rural homes and animals. 
 The company has more than 1,800 stores and eight distribution centers across 49 states and is planning to hire around 5,000 new employees in total. 
 Past and current employees give TSC  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work culture. 
 TSC offers health, dental and vision insurance, pharmacy benefits, a health savings account, paid leave, employee bonuses, employee discounts and stock options. 
 How to apply: Tractor Supply Company careers page 
 29. Sentext Solutions 
 Industry:  Telecommunications marketing 
 Jobs:  Sales agents, account representatives, account executives, advertising 
 Number of jobs: 2,764 
 Salary range:  $42,768-$145,656 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Previous sales experience, authorized to work in the U.S., valid driver's license and U.S. identification. 
 Bottom line:  Sentext  provides SMS mobile marketing services  to businesses that want to reach consumers directly. The company doesn't hire staff but  works with self-employed contractors  who sign a 1099 agreement. 
 Sentext offers full training, sales tools, sales support and pays a base salary as well as a commission on sales. 
 Past and current employees give Sentext  a 4.1 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and good management support. The company doesn't offer staff benefits. 
 How to apply: Monster.com 
 28. Allied Universal Security Services 
 Industry:  Security services 
 Jobs:  Wide range ( popular jobs include  security officer, portfolio manager, operations manager, account manager, security manager) 
 Number of jobs: 2,947 
 Salary range:   $25,937-$85,305 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate or college degree 
 Required skills:  Security officer: must have current guard and driver's licenses, clean driving record, previous security experience, good communication and training skills, strong customer service skills, must complete background and drug screenings. 
 Account manager: extensive experience, good communication and training skills, strong customer service skills, must complete background and drug screenings, licensing or training in safety and security specialties, good physical fitness and physical and mental stamina. 
 Supervisor/manager: previous supervisory or management experience, good communication and training skills, strong customer service skills, must complete background and drug screenings, college degree required for some roles. 
 Bottom line:  Allied Universal is an international  security and facility services company  that offers security and technology services to protect client sites  . 
 Past and current employees give Allied Universal  a 3.3 start rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, vision, dental and life insurance, a retirement plan, employee bonuses, an employee assistance program, a health savings program and employee discounts. 
 How to apply: Allied Universal careers page 
 27. Big Lots 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  In-store, distribution and transportation services, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 3,302 
 Salary range: $17,721-$43,623 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate or college degree 
 Required skills:  Entry level: good physical fitness and stamina, good reading, writing, math and English skills. 
 Mid-level and supervisor/manager: entry-level skills, computer skills, strong analytical, organizational, interpersonal and communication skills, previous retail experience and/or supervisory/management experience. 
 Senior level: entry and mid-level skills, college degree, previous experience in a similar role. 
 Bottom line:  Big Lots is a  national budget retailer  of homewares, grocery. apparel, gifts, seasonal and sports items. The company operates 1,400 stores in 47 states. Most of the new jobs are in stores or distribution. 
 Past and present employees give Big Lots  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 Big Lots offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision and disability insurance, a retirement plan, employee discounts, bonuses and stock options. 
 How to apply: Big Lots careers page 
 26. Compass Group 
 Industry:  Hospitality and food service 
 Jobs:  Wide range (popular jobs include cashier, sales representative, food service worker, mailroom clerk, regional sales director) 
 Number of jobs: 4,016 
 Salary range:   $20,800-$99,376 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Wide range 
 Bottom line:  Compass Group is a multinational food service group that contracts to facilities, such as offices, factories, hospitals or universities, to provide food service and hospitality or administrative personnel. 
 Past and current employees give the Compass Group  a 3.3 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, paid leave, tuition reimbursement, a retirement plan, commuter assistance, bonuses, employee discounts, work from home options, a wellness program, meals and a mentoring program. 
 How to apply: Compass Group careers page 
 25. Outschool 
 Industry:  Online education 
 Jobs:  Teaching 
 Number of jobs:   5,000 
 Salary range: $40 per hour 
 Education:  No formal teaching qualifications 
 Required skills:  Must have skills and interests in a topic or field. Must pass a criminal background check. Must be a resident or citizen of the U.S., Canada, Australia or New Zealand. 
 Bottom line:  Outschool is a website that  offers small group online classes  for children from ages 3 to 18. Teachers use live video chat to teach. More than 80,000 students have taken 300,000 class hours on Outschool. 
 Teachers set the curriculum, schedule and prices for their own classes. Outschool lists classes for free and charges teachers 30 percent of the total enrollment fees. Teachers can typically earn about $40 per hour. 
 Past and current employees give Outschool  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 How to apply: Outschool website 
 24. Shipt 
 Industry:  Personal pervices 
 Jobs:  Personal shopper 
 Number of jobs: 5,000 
 Salary range:  $22 per hour average 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 18 years, current driver's license and registration, reliable vehicle, ability to lift up to 40 pounds, smartphone, insulated cooler bag for orders. 
 Bottom line:  Shipt is a  membership-based online personal shopping service  that uses a smartphone app to connect customers with shoppers. 
 The personal shopper jobs are contract positions and may not include benefits. Shoppers are paid a base hourly wage plus tips. Many shoppers comment that  the flexible schedule is a huge plus  as they can choose when to work and how many hours. 
 Past and current employees give Shipt a  3.4 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 How to apply: Shipt website 
 23. Whole Foods 
 Industry:  Grocery 
 Jobs:  Stores, facility, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 5,000 
 Salary range: $31,200-$139,034 
 Education:  None or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Store: minimum age 16 years old. 
 Facility: minimum age 18 years old and high school diploma or GED. 
 Basic: good communication skills, physical fitness, good stamina, flexible schedule, good math skills. 
 Supervisor or manager: basic skills, customer service or retail experience, previous leadership experience. 
 Corporate: basic skills, high school diploma or GED, previous experience, experience using Microsoft Office, college or advanced degree in a relevant field required for some positions. 
 Bottom line:  Whole Foods is a natural grocery store chain (owned by Amazon) and is  currently hiring in stores  in the U.S. and Canada. All new positions  start at $15 per hour . 
 Past and present employees give the company  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay, benefits and workplace culture. 
 Whole Foods offers health, dental and vision insurance, paid gym memberships, bonuses, stock options and employee discounts. 
 How to apply: Whole Foods careers page 
 22. Healthcare Services Group 
 Industry:  Facility services 
 Jobs:  Facility level, management/corporate 
 Number of jobs: 6,107 
 Salary range: $19,968-$60,878 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate or college degree 
 Required skills:  Entry-level jobs: physical fitness and stamina. 
 Supervisor/manager: physical fitness and stamina, previous experience, supervisory experience, basic computer skills. 
 Dietary, dining and nutritional managers: associate or college degree, physical fitness and stamina, previous experience, supervisory experience, basic computer skills. 
 Senior managers: physical fitness and stamina, previous experience, supervisory experience, computer skills, college degree, valid driver's license. 
 Bottom line: The Healthcare Services Group (HSG) offers  housekeeping, laundry, dining and nutritional services to the health-care industry. Available jobs include minimally skilled entry-level ones up to senior management positions. 
 Past and present employees give the company  a 2.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. HSG offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, life and disability insurance, stock purchase and option plans. 
 The fastest way to apply for jobs with this company is through Indeed.com, the jobs website. 
 How to apply: Indeed.com 
 21. Walgreens 
 Industry:  Pharmacy retail 
 Jobs:  In-store, pharmacy, call center, distribution, corporate support office, healthcare clinic 
 Number of jobs:   6,454 
 Salary range: $19,115-$101,398 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 16. Basic: physical fitness, flexible schedule. 
 Supervisor or manager: basic skills, computer skills, customer service or retail experience, previous leadership experience. 
 Corporate: basic skills, high school diploma or GED, previous experience, experience using Microsoft Office. 
 Bottom line:  Walgreens is the  second-largest pharmacy chain  in the U.S. and also has stores in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Most of the new roles are customer service associate, pharmacy technician and shift lead jobs. 
 Past and present employees give Walgreens  a 3.6 star rating  (out of 5) and highlight good work/life balance, work culture, pay and benefits. 
 Walgreens offers (usually full-time) employees health, vision and dental insurance, flexible work schedule, employee discounts and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Walgreens careers page 
 20. Kroger 
 Industry:  Grocery and retail 
 Jobs:  Retail, pharmacy, food preparation/service, customer service, loading and stocking, warehouse, installation/maintenance, management, administration assistance, marketing, e-commerce 
 Number of jobs: 6,464 
 Salary range: $17,324 - $127,900 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Store: minimum age 16. 
 Warehouse: minimum age 18. 
 Basic skills: good customer service skills, good physical shape and stamina, good work ethic. 
 Cashier: basic skills, experience operating a cash register, good math skills. 
 Assistant store managers: basic skills, strong leadership, organizational and communication skills. 
 Store managers: basic skills, extensive management experience. 
 Pharmacy technicians: basic skills, familiarity with medical insurance and assistance programs. 
 Pharmacist: basic skills, professional qualifications. 
 Warehouse: basic skills, experience and familiarity with distribution center and processes. 
 Installation and maintenance: basic skills, previous experience. 
 Bottom line:  Kroger is the largest grocery chain in the United States, with stores in 30 states and a staff of 300,000. 
 Past and present employees  rate Kroger with 3.5 stars  (out of five) and highlight a good team culture and work/life balance. 
 Kroger offers health, vision and dental insurance, employee discounts, a retirement plan, flexible work schedules, educational assistance and the ability to work from home in some roles. 
 Both current and new employees get two weeks of paid sick leave. 
 How to apply: Kroger careers page 
 19. Aldi 
 Industry:  Grocery 
 Jobs:  Store, warehouse, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 6,872 
 Salary range: $29,744-$80,000 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Basic skills: prior retail experience, ** ** physical fitness and strength. 
 Management: basic skills; prior management experience. 
 Bottom line:  Aldi's is an international chain of  low-cost grocery and homeware stores . The company is experiencing higher demand across its stores and hiring just under 7,000 new employees. They are one of the  fastest-growing grocery chains  in the U.S. 
 Past and present employees give Aldi  a 3.4 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees medical, prescription, vision, dental, disability and life insurance, a retirement plan, employee discounts and an employee assistance program. 
 How to apply: Aldi's careers page 
 18. Domino’s Pizza 
 Industry:  Restaurant 
 Jobs:  In-store customer service, driver 
 Number of jobs:   10,000 
 Salary range: $15 per hour 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  In-store customer service: minimum age is 16, physical fitness, stamina and strength. 
 Driver: minimum age 18, valid driver's license and insured vehicle, safe driving record, pass a background check, good communication skills. 
 Bottom line:  Domino's is a well-known international  chain of pizza restaurants  that features home delivery service. They have introduced a contact-less delivery system to reassure customers that their pizza is never touched by human hands after being cooked. 
 Past and present employees rate Domino's at  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health and dental insurance, employee discounts,  flexible schedules and paid leave. 
 How to apply: Domino's careers page 
 17. LiveOps 
 Industry:  Call center services 
 Jobs:  Inbound customer service or sales contractor 
 Number of jobs: 10,000 
 Salary range: $29,744-$38,272 
 Education:  Call center representative: none. Call center insurance representative: life and health insurance producer license (certificate course) 
 Required skills: Call center representative : at least 18 years old, must pass credit and background checks, one year of customer service experience, experience with inbound and outbound calls, computer skills, must have a computer, headset and internet that meet company standards. 
 Call center insurance representative: previous skills, must have active life and health insurance producer license. 
 Bottom line:  Live Ops is a  cloud-based call center service provider  for other businesses. The company has over 400 clients and more than 20,000 call center operators. 
 Their business model uses independent contractors who work from home on the internet, receiving calls and helping customers. New agents can start within two weeks of applying. 
 Past and present employees  rate the company 3.8 stars  (out of five) and highlight the flexibility of being able to work from home and good pay. 
 LiveOps offers (usually full-time) employees health insurance, paid leave and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: LiveOps careers page 
 16. Target 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Stores, distribution centers, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 10,000 
 Salary range: $19,427-$146,145 
 Education:  None up to associate or college degree 
 Required skills:  Minimum 16 years old for stores and 18 years for distribution centers. 
 Basic: strong communication and customer service skills, physical fitness, good stamina, flexible schedule, good math skills. 
 Supervisory and managerial roles: basic skills, experience using Microsoft Office, supervisory or management experience. 
 Corporate: basic skills, high school diploma or GED, experience using Microsoft Office, previous experience, college degree in a relevant field required for some positions. 
 Bottom line:  Target is a  national retail chain  in the U.S. that sells a wide range of items, including clothing, books, homewares and groceries. 
 Past and present employees give Target  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and good pay. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, disability, prescription drug and life insurance, as well as employee discounts. 
 Target is rated one of the  top 50 most diverse  places to work in America, according to Diversity, Inc. 
 How to apply: Target careers page 
 15. Varsity Tutors 
 Industry:  Online learning 
 Jobs:  Online tutors 
 Number of jobs: 10,000 
 Salary range:  $17.92 per hour (average) 
 Education:  College or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Subject knowledge, experience teaching or tutoring. 
 Bottom line:  Varsity Tutors is an  online learning technology company  that matches students in need of academic coaching with tutors registered with the site and  offers expertise in over 3,000 subjects . 
 Tutors are independent contractors with experience in tutoring or teaching who must pass a test in their subject area to register as a tutor. 
 Past and current employees give Varsity Tutors  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. No benefits are offered to tutors, only to regular staff. 
 How to apply: Varsity Tutors website 
 14. Lowe's 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Supply chain, technology, corporate, stores 
 Number of jobs: 11,095 
 Salary range: $24,564-$100,129 
 Education:  None up to associate or college degree 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 18. Basic: strong communication and customer service skills, physical fitness, good stamina. 
 Technology: strong technical, analytical, interpersonal and communication skills. Bachelor's degree in a relevant field and previous experience. 
 Supervisory and managerial roles: basic skills, experience using Microsoft Office,  customer service and supervisory or management experience. 
 Corporate: basic skills; high school diploma or GED, previous experience, bachelor's degree in a relevant field required for some positions. 
 Supply chain: basic skills, delivery or warehouse experience. 
 Bottom line:  Lowe's is a national chain of  home improvement and hardware stores . The company operates 2,200 stores across the country and employs about 300,000 people. 
 The company is currently experiencing high consumer demand and plans to add over 10,000 new employees, many temporary. 
 Past and current employees give Lowes  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits. 
 Lowe's offers health, vision, dental and life insurance, a retirement plan, employee discounts, tuition reimbursement and certified professional education programs. 
 How to apply:   Lowe's careers page 
 13. Alorica 
 Industry:  Business process and customer experience management outsourcing 
 Jobs:  Customer care technical support, inbound/outbound sales many work from home) 
 Number of jobs: 15,000 
 Salary range: $24,189-$31,059 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED, bachelor's degree preferred 
 Required skills:  Familiarity with Microsoft Windows, customer service experience, phone-related customer service and bilingual language skills desirable. Some jobs require the ability to lift 20 pounds. 
 Bottom line:  Alorica is a company that  handles business processes and customer service  for other companies, such as inbound call centers. Alorica also offers acquisition, sales, fulfillment, financial and logistical services. 
 One advantage of working for Alorica is that many of the jobs they currently list, both permanent and short-term, can be done from home. 
 Past and present employees give Alorica  a 3.0 star rating  (out of 5) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, disability, pet and prescription drug insurance, bonuses and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Alorica careers page 
 12. 7-Eleven 
 Industry:  Retail/convenience store 
 Jobs:  Sales associate, cashier/stocker, assistant store manager, store manager 
 Number of jobs: 20,000 
 Salary range: $16,640-$37,440 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED 
 Required skills:  Good communication and team skills. Physical strength and stamina for constant standing and walking. Occasional bending, stooping, kneeling, stretching, reaching and squatting. Ability to carry/push/pull 20-50 pounds. 
 Management: previous managerial experience. 
 Bottom line:  7-Eleven is a  national chain of neighborhood convenience stores , open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m., that sell necessities such as milk, eggs, bread and snacks. 
 The company is  experiencing very high demand  from the public and needs 20,000 new hires to ensure that stores stay both clean and well-stocked. 
 Past and present employees  give the company an overall 3.6 rating  (out of five) and highlight flexible working hours and fun team members. 
 7-Eleven offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision and disability insurance, paid leave and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply:   7 Eleven careers page 
 11. Papa John’s 
 Industry:  Food and delivery services 
 Jobs:  Customer services representative/cashier, restaurant team member, administrative assistant, assistant manager, delivery driver, distribution team member. 
 Number of jobs:   20,000 
 Salary range: $14,289-$28,017 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED 
 Required skills:  Customer services representative/cashier: good math skills, good customer service and communication skills. 
 Administrative assistant: experience with computer programs, three years of accounts payable experience, strong communication skills. 
 Assistant manager: supervisory experience. 
 Delivery driver: valid driver's license, reliable car, car insurance. 
 Distribution team member: experience with order picking system, experience loading and unloading trucks, math skills, ability to operate a forklift and pallet jack. 
 Bottom line:  Papa John's is a  national pizza chain seeking new workers  because many people are ordering pizzas. The chain has put out a call for up to 20,000 new workers, and in most cases, applicants will be interviewed and hired on the same day. 
 Past and present employees give Papa John's  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health and dental insurance, paid leave, employee discounts and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply: Papa John's careers page 
 10. Home Depot 
 Industry:  Hardware retail 
 Jobs:  Retail hardware, store support, cashier, freight and receiving, customer service, merchandising 
 Number of jobs: 22,072 
 Salary range: $22,568-$140,723 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED 
 Required skills:  Basic: experience preferred, minimum age 18. 
 Management/ corporate: computer and Microsoft Office skills, previous experience, may require a college degree. 
 **Bottom line:   **Home Depot is the  world's largest home improvement retailer , with 2,200 stores in North America and nearly 400,000 employees. 
 Past and present employees give Home Depot  a 3.8 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay and benefits, work culture and work/life balance. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision, life, disability, pet and prescription drug insurance, a retirement plan, paid leave, employee discounts, bonuses and stock options. 
 How to apply: Home Depot careers page 
 9. Dollar Tree 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Store, logistics, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 27,230 
 Salary range: $15,080-$69,638 
 Education:  None to high school diploma or GED 
 Required skills:  Basic: good math and communication skills. 
 Management: basic skills, high school diploma or GED, physical fitness, management experience, flexible schedule. 
 Logistics: basic skills, high school diploma or GED, physical fitness. 
 Corporate: basic skills, high school diploma or GED. 
 Bottom line:  Dollar Tree is a  national chain of discount variety stores  that sells items for one dollar or less. The company is currently experiencing a large volume of sales demand and is hiring more than 27,000 new staff members. 
 Dollar Tree offers (usually full-time) employees life, health, vision and dental insurance, a retirement plan, employee discounts, bonuses and stock options. 
 Past and current employees give Dollar Tree  a 3.4 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance. 
 How to apply: Dollar Tree careers page 
 8. Walmart 
 Industry:  Retail 
 Jobs:  Stores and clubs, distribution centers, drivers, health care, technology, corporate 
 Number of jobs:   31,205 
 Salary range:   $22,464-$196,582 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 16 for Walmart and 18 for Sam's Club. 
 Minimum skills: communication, listening and teamwork skills, attention to detail. 
 More advanced skills: physically fit, organizational skills, customer service or cashier experience, math skills, current driving license and/or commercial driving license, experience using inventory systems, computer skills, logistical or maintenance experience. 
 Supervisory or management roles: retail or management experience, college degree preferred. 
 Corporate roles: college or advanced degree in a relevant field and relevant experience. 
 Bottom line:  Walmart has  raised its pay levels  well above minimum wage. The company  has expedited hiring  so applicants can be hired and start within 24 hours of applying. 
 Walmart offers health, vision and dental insurance, employee discounts, a retirement plan, stock options and educational assistance. 
 Past and present employees  rate Walmart with 3.5 stars  (out of five) and highlight a fun work and team culture. 
 Walmart is rated one of the  top 50 most diverse  places to work in America, according to Diversity; Inc. 
 How to apply:  Walmart careers page 
 7. Pizza Hut 
 Industry:  Restaurant 
 Jobs:  Customer service, restaurant team member, delivery driver, assistant manager, manager, district manager 
 Number of jobs: 42,299 
 Salary range: $15,121-$71,267 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Minimum age 16. 
 Restaurant team member: physical fitness, stamina and strength, good communication skills, good work ethic. 
 Delivery driver: high school diploma, minimum age 18, valid driver's license and insured vehicle, safe driving record, pass a background check, good communication skills. 
 Manager: good computer, communication, planning, organization and time management skills, previous customer service experience. 
 Bottom line:  Pizza Hut is the  largest international chain of pizza  and delivery restaurants. The company is currently experiencing a huge rise in customer demand and is hiring over 30,000 new workers. 
 Past and present employees give Pizza Hut  a 3.6 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health and vision insurance, a flexible schedule, tuition reimbursement, a retirement plan, paid leave and employee discounts. 
 How to apply:   Indeed.com 
 6. Taco Bell 
 Industry:  Restaurant 
 Jobs: Shift leader, restaurant manager, kitchen team member, assistant general manager 
 Number of jobs: 45,048 
 Salary range: $18,865 - $48,339 
 Education:  None, minimum age 16 years 
 Required skills:  Team member:  clean and neat appearance , good work habits, positive attitude. 
 Assistant manager and manager: high school diploma or GED, good interpersonal, communication and conflict resolution skills, 1-4 years managerial or supervisory experience, math and accounting skills, computer proficiency. 
 Bottom line:  Taco Bell is a  national Mexican-style fast-food restaurant chain . Its inexpensive menu and late-night drive-through service make them a favorite for students, shift workers and many others. 
 Because of increased demand, Taco Bell is hiring  close to 50,000 new workers . Past and present employees rate Taco Bell with  a 3.5 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good work/life balance and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees health, dental, vision and life insurance, and a retirement plan. 
 How to apply:   Taco Bell careers page 
 5. CVS Health 
 Industry:  Retail and grocery 
 Jobs:  Store associate, shift supervisor, management trainee, pharmacy technician, beauty consultant, operations supervisor, operations manager, trainee store manager, store manager 
 Number of jobs:   50,000 
 Salary range: $21,320-$40,081 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Store associate/beauty consultant: customer service, interpersonal and team skills, visual, standing and lifting abilities. 
 Management/pharmacy technician: customer service, interpersonal and team skills, visual, standing and lifting abilities, communication, organizational, analytical and computer skills. 
 Bottom line:  CVS Health is a  national retail pharmacy chain . The company is doing its  hiring completely online . CVS is prioritizing people who have been laid-off from other jobs, especially from partner companies, such as Hilton and Marriott. 
 Past and present employees give CVS Health  a 3.3 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay, benefits and work culture. 
 The company offers (usually full-time) employees  health, dental, vision and life insurance , a retirement plan and employee discounts. 
 CVS Health is rated one of the  top 50 most diverse  places to work in America, according to Diversity, Inc. 
 How to apply:   CVS Health careers page 
 4. Dollar General 
 Industry:  Retail 
 **Jobs:   **Retail, distribution center, fleet, corporate 
 Number of jobs: 68,869 
 Salary range: $16,827-$76,809 
 Education:  None up to associate, college or advanced Degree 
 Required skills:  Retail: customer service, interpersonal and team skills, visual, standing and lifting abilities. 
 Distribution center roles: previous skills plus communication. Organizational, analytical and computer skills. Familiarity with inventory systems. 
 Fleet: previous skills plus distribution. Quality check/audit and/or warehouse experience preferred. 
 Supervisor and manager roles: previous skills in relevant areas plus supervisory and management experience. 
 Truck driver: Class A commercial license, plus six months driving experience in tractor/trailer. Knowledge of Department of Transportation regulations. Must meet safety standards, including drug test. 
 Corporate: organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Intermediate computer and/or payroll system skills. College degree and/or graduate degree in a relevant area for senior positions. 
 Bottom line:  Dollar General is a  national chain of variety stores  that sell popular brands at low prices. The company is currently experiencing a higher-than-normal volume of sales and planned to fill 50,000 positions by the end of April. Recruitment is done online. 
 Past and current employees give Dollar General  a 3.2 star rating  (out of five) and highlight a good team culture. Dollar General offers (usually full-time) employees life, health, vision and dental insurance, a retirement plan, bonuses and stock options. 
 How to apply: Dollar General careers page 
 3. Amazon 
 Industry:  Warehouse and distribution, technology 
 Jobs:  Personal shopper, warehouse staff, delivery driver 
 Number of jobs:   75,000 
 Salary range:  $13,260-$37,752 
 Education:  High school diploma 
 Required skills:  Must be able to work days, overnight and weekends. Shopper and warehouse roles: minimum age 18 years. 
 Driver roles: minimum age 21 years, current driving license in state of employment, ability to lift 70 pounds, able to operate a delivery van, must take a drug test. 
 Bottom line:  Amazon  provides an online marketplace  for sellers, consumers and content creators. The company offers direct publishing through its Kindle online platform and has music, video and TV production and streaming, advertising, and web and cloud-computing services. 
 Amazon also manufactures and sells electronic devices. While Amazon has been criticized for having a demanding workplace culture, they offer (full-time) employees health, dental and disability insurance, paid retirement, paid leave and employee discounts. 
 Its Career Choice Program pays 95 percent of costs for employees who train in high-demand fields. 
 How to apply: Amazon careers page 
 2. U.S. Army 
 Industry:  Military/government 
 Jobs: 150 different positions 
 Number of jobs: 112,170 
 Salary range:  $36,239-$72,562+ 
 Education:  High school diploma or GED up to associate, college or advanced degree 
 Required skills:  Wide range 
 Bottom line:  The U.S. Army is one of the military branches of the U.S. government. Army veterans are well-regarded for their discipline, work ethic and job skills, and they often are offered fast-tracked hiring for other jobs. 
 Past and present employees give the U.S. Army  a 4.3 star rating  (out of five) and highlight good pay, benefits, job security and advancement. 
 Benefits include health, dental, disability, vision, life and dependent insurance, housing, meals, tuition reimbursement, loan repayment and forgiveness, bonuses and retirement. 
 How to apply: U.S. Army careers page  or  Indeed.com 
 1. Instacart 
 Industry:  Home delivery 
 Jobs:  Full-service shopper 
 Number of jobs: 300,000 
 Salary range:  $10-$17 per hour 
 Education:  None 
 Required skills:  Physical strength, car, current driving license and insurance. 
 Bottom line:  Instacart is an  online grocery pick up and delivery service  that lets people hire gig workers as personal shoppers through an app -- a model similar to Uber or Lyft. 
 In March 2020, the company announced it wants to  hire 300,000 new workers  as its order volume increased up by 150 percent. 
 Although the company once claimed that its drivers made $25 per hour, the website  Gigworker reported  that the real figure is more likely $10 - $17. 
 Drivers also receive tips and bonuses in addition to a base hourly wage. 
 How to apply: Instacart jobs page 
 Related:   How to Hunt for a Job and Get Hired 
