Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Storekeeper 
 Bronswerk Group 
 __Brossard, QC 
 Apply Now 
 What will be your role? 
 Reporting to the Director of Manufacturing Operations, the Storekeeper will be responsible for managing inventory and access to parts within established parameters. He will work closely with the purchasing department to resolve issues related to deliveries. The storekeeper will have the following responsibilities: 
 Receive and sort incoming parts and supplies. 
Compare incoming packing slips or invoices to items received to ensure that shipments are correct. 
Maintain the workshop inventory and perform optimal stock management. 
Perform and approve receipts in the system. 
Examine merchandise to determine which items need to be reordered or renewed. 
Work closely with the purchasing department in order to prevent or resolve problems relating to delivery errors, product substitution, new formats, return of goods, etc. 
Perform inventory entries and exits according to the process in place. 
Communicate directly with suppliers to resolve problems and inform their supervisor. 
Order missing parts and check lead times. 
Ensure receipt of merchandise and compliance with orders. 
Perform data entry into computer systems. 
Assist the shipping and receiving team as needed. 
Ensure the cleanliness, order and safety of premises and goods. 
 Which candidate profile are we looking for? 
High school diploma (DES) or ASP Stock Inventory. 
Minimum 5 years of experience in inventory control. 
Knowledge of inventory management software. 
Knowledge of NAV Dynamics (ERP), an asset. 
Analysis and synthesis skills uses a structured and logical and coherent approach. 
Customer oriented. 
Organized and good sense of priority. 
Team player. 
Bilingual, spoken and written (French and English). 
Knowledge of Kaizen-5S philosophies as well as the ISO 9001-2015 standard. 
Hold a valid forklift driver’s license, an asset. 
How do I apply? 
 If you want to work for a fast-growing international company industry leader in Marine HVAC and Refrigeration systems, look no further: careers@bronswerkgroup.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
