  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Finance & Management  
 
 Finance & Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 7 months ago 
 Advice on Lms content and functionalities 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We (HR dept) are building an LMS system with our internal IT department and need an L&D expert to advise on the content and functionalities 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. S. Spain 
 Over USD 3,000 
 7 months ago 
 Project Manager 
 Published: 7 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 Consulting company with 20+ years of experience in Product & Project Management is looking for an experienced Project Manager to manage organization of key client projects. 
 As our project manager, your job will be to coordinate people and processes to ensure that our projects are delivered on time and produce the desired results. 
 You will be the go-to person for everything involving a project’s organization and timeline. 
 The work: 
Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects 
 Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget 
 Developing project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility 
 Ensure resource availability and allocation 
 Develop a detailed project plan to track progress 
 Use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs 
 Measure project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques 
 Report and escalate to management as needed 
 Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders 
 Perform risk management to minimize project risks 
 Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors 
 Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation 
 Skills & requirements: 
As a Project manager you should have a background in business skills, management, budgeting and analysis. You should be an excellent communicator and comfortable managing multiple tasks. You also need to be a team player and have a problem-solving aptitude. 
 Great educational background, preferably in the fields of computer science or engineering for technical project managers 
 Proven working experience as a project administrator in the information technology sector 
 Solid technical background, with understanding or hands-on experience in software development and web technologies 
 Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills 
 Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office 
 PMP / PRINCE II certification is a plus 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  L. C. Italy 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 7 months ago 
 Personal Money Service 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Online service Personal Money Service  https://personalmoneyservice.com/  who supports the clients with loans seeks a Financial Writer. Our best candidate will research and write articles for our internet site on diverse topics in the finance space. Candidate must be driven with the aid of honest interest in the financial services and be able to generate polished unique content to PersonalMoneyService’s editorial requirements and calendar deadlines. 
 It is also essential that candidates exhibit a dedication to producing excellent written work and to conducting ample number one studies to assist their written product. 
Your duties will include: 
• To deliver a top-high-quality and highly applicable real-time for our website to improve our natural search rankings and power qualified visitors to our internet site. 
• To write amazing articles in a timely style the use of unique sourcing. 
 • To continually develop know-how and know-how of the best-exercise principles. 
If you are geared up to be part of our expert team – you can apply on our website. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. M. S. United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 8 months ago 
 Strategic planning for It 
 Published: 8 months ago  Deadline: 20 Bids: 5 
 I need a person who can weave together a strategic plan structure for an IT function. The ideas will ne provided by me but I need a constructive plan details 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. B. India 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 8 months ago 
 Hotel opening planning 
 Published: 8 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 0 
 We manage a small hotel in Northern Italy closed for the Covid emergency. We are looking for a field professional to advise on the opening or any alternatives when the hotels will be able to operate in Italy. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : I don’t know yet 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. K. United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 8 months ago 
 Admin/Compliance Officer Needed 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are recruiting for an adhoc compliance officer based in Geneva. As a globally established company we are wanting to branch into Switzerland and therefore need a Swiss based administrative/company officer. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. J. Last reply: 8 months ago  Switzerland 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 8 months ago 
 Translating a script from Vba to Python 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 1 
 You need to create a Python program based on the result of translating some macros from a file. The work also includes the development of a simple interface in the form of buttons for loading source data, launching intermediate stages of model calculation, and visualizing the final results of model construction. When developing the program, you can use any MS Office products to create forms for loading source data, as well as to output the final results. 
During the development process, I will be in touch and ready to answer any questions you may have. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  I. G. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
