Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 20-283 Child and Youth Care Worker (Contract) 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 20-274 Child and Youth Care Worker 
 Kateri House 
 Are you looking for a fulfilling career that can make a difference in the life of youth in need? Put your passion for working with families and youth towards a rewarding opportunity with Catholic Social Services as a Child and Youth Care Worker with Agape Family Place! 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 Program Overview: 
Kateri House is a structure and routine based program directed to the age of children within the program. These children respond to highly structure environments in which the staff adjust expectations to accommodate child’s stressors. 
 About the Role: 
We are looking for one (1), contract, part time, twenty-four (24) hours a week Child and Youth Care Worker to join our dynamic and talented team! This position has a weekly schedule of Saturday and Sunday from 10:00 AM - 10:00 PM. 
 This is a contract position until December 6, 2021. 
 As a Child and Youth Care Worker, you will be responsible for assessing the needs of the child/youth and parent/guardian, providing counselling and teaching basic life, community, and family living skills while ensuring basic needs are met (food, clothing, shelter, healthcare, safety). The Child and Youth Care Worker creates a safe, warm and positive environment where children/youth feel welcomed and loved. Other responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
 Managing a caseload of 1-2 clients 
Developing and overseeing service plans for children, youth, and their parents 
Supervising and supporting children and youth in a semi-residential setting 
Assisting children and youth in overcoming barriers, and supporting them to develop positive and healthy relationships with their families and communities 
Supporting children and youth through life skills teaching and in-the-moment learning, with a hands-on approach 
Assisting children and youth in attending appointments and successfully participating in their educational placements and/or day programs 
Supporting parents and guardians to enhance their parenting skills and family capacity through weekly family support sessions 
Supporting families to access community resources and natural supports 
Submitting required program documentation with established time-frames 
Performing basic housekeeping and meal preparation duties 
Other duties as required 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A Diploma/Degree in Human Services (or equivalent) 
A minimum of two (2) years of experience counselling families, children/youth with behavioral and developmental disabilities is required. 
Experience with children and family programming, youth in care, residential care, and case management is a requirement of this position. 
Certification or training in Aboriginal Awareness, Abuse Awareness, Standard First Aid, Medication Administration, and Violence/Crisis Intervention is a definite asset. 
 The ideal candidate will have an organized and compassionate approach to the work, strong teamwork skills, a commitment to developing positive supporting relationships, and experience supporting families. Other qualifications include: 
 Proven ability to provide effective communication, collaboration, crisis intervention, and conflict management with clients 
Demonstrated assessment, problem solving, and critical thinking skills 
Knowledge of community resources is an asset 
Intermediate competency with Microsoft Office and other Agency computer applications 
Demonstrated ability to act with professionalism, confidentiality, and diplomacy 
Proven case documentation and effective information reporting practices 
Valid Driver’s License 
 Police Information Check including vulnerable sector search, Intervention Record Check and Drivers Abstract with no more than six (6) demerit points are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate 
 The salary for this position is $22.63 to $25.46 per hour based on qualifications and experience. We offer a comprehensive benefits package, flexibility and supportive working environment. 
 As a Catholic social services agency we are guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-283. 
 This requisition will remain open until October 27, 2020. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
