UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 May 27, 2015 
 Sick and disabled targeted for low pay insecure jobs to stop claimants “watching Jeremy Kyle” 
 The boss of Britain’s largest welfare to work provider believes that claimants are better off in low paid, insecure temporary work “  rather than sat at home watching Jeremy Kyle”  according to the  Telegraph newspaper . 
 He also argues that the government have to get the “  people who are technically unfit to work, back to work”  and believes that the appointment of Maximus to carry out medical assessments will lead to a surge in work for his company. 
 Andy Hogarth  runs  Staffline  ,which bought out  A4E  last month in order to become Britain’s largest provider of welfare to work services. He believes that if the government is to succeed in its aim of cutting £12 billion from the benefits budget it will have to get people off employment and support allowance and back into work. 
 “For a government looking to save £12bn from welfare one of the things they have to do is get the people who are technically unfit to work, back to work, which sounds a bit brutal on the face of it, and that is exactly what a lot of welfare groups are saying, but in reality they can work.” 
 According to the Telegraph, Hogarth believes that his company will get an extra 2.5 million people referred to his company over the coming years as a result of Maximus taking over the work capability assessment from Atos. 
 Hogarth appears to believe he is particularly suited to working with the sick and disabled claimants because of his own life experiences. 
 When he was in his thirties, Hogarth sold a successful business for an undisclosed sum of money and then spent a year at home with “  deep depression  ”, finding it difficult to leave the house and splitting up with his girlfriend. 
 He overcame his depression by going back to studying and retraining in his mid thirties. 
 According to the Telegraph, Staffline has grown rapidly with turnover increasing from £100 million ten years ago, to £503 million last year and aiming to hit £1bn within two years. 
 Much of its income comes from placing “  up to 35,000 workers each week in temporary jobs, such as food processing, factory assembly lines, and picking items in warehouses.” 
 Hogarth believes that jobcentres only work  “if you are a well motivated guy”.  And while some local authorities don’t approve of his company putting people in minimum wage temporary jobs, Hogarth thinks they are mistaken, explaining: 
 “I personally think they are totally wrong, I think a temporary job, even if it is just for a week, is better because it then gives you a step to better pay, rather than sat at home watching Jeremy Kyle.” 
 Hogarth expects to have to deal with “  kicking and screaming”  from claimants and from pressure groups and admits that  “It is hard to justify to welfare groups the profits we make . . .”  . 
 But he claims that only 20p in every pound they make is paid as dividends to shareholders. 
 Rather than simply being there to make money, Hogarth assures Telegraph readers his staff “  are genuinely here to help people  ”. And, in a gesture that would delight Norman Tebbit, they generously “  buy a lot of bikes so that people can get to work  ”. 
 In separate news  ERSA  , the umbrella body for welfare to work providers, says that the “  backdrop of continued austerity and welfare reform  ” looks like  offering their members a great opportunity . 
 The leases on many Jobcentre plus offices come up for renewal in this parliament and ERSA hope that the government will take the opportunity to privatise the whole jobcentre network and its services. 
 Which would, of course, mean many more Andy Hogarth’s having the opportunity to drag claimants “  kicking and screaming  ” into a better life. 
 See the  Telegraph for the full story . 
 Source -  Benefits & Work , 26 May 2015 
 http://www.benefitsandwork.co.uk/news/3099-sick-and-disabled-targeted-for-low-pay-insecure-jobs-to-stop-claimants-watching-jeremy-kyle 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Written by  untynewear  Posted in  Unemployment  Tagged with  A4E ,  All In It Together ,  Andy Hogarth ,  ATOS ,  £ ,  benefit ,  benefit sanctions ,  benefits ,  capitialism ,  claimants ,  coalition Government. ,  Conservative ,  County Durham ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  dole ,  Durham ,  Durham City ,  DWP ,  Easington ,  employed ,  employment ,  ERSA ,  factory assembly lines ,  food processing ,  foodbanks ,  forced work ,  Gateshead ,  government ,  Hebburn ,  Hetton-le-Hole ,  Hogarth ,  Houghton-le-Spring ,  insecure temporary work ,  Jarrow ,  Jeremy Kyle ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  job seeker ,  Jobcentre ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  Jobcentre Plus offices ,  jobs ,  Jobseekers Allowance ,  JSA ,  Labour ,  Lib Dems ,  Liberal Democrats ,  Low Pay ,  low-paid ,  Maximus ,  Medical Assessments ,  minimum wage temporary jobs ,  National Minimum Wage ,  neo-liberal ,  neoliberal ,  neoliberalism ,  New Labour ,  Newcastle ,  Newcastle upon Tyne ,  Norman Tebbit ,  North East ,  North Tyneside ,  Northumberland ,  parliament ,  Peterlee ,  politicians ,  politics ,  privatise the whole jobcentre network ,  sanction ,  sanctions ,  Seaham ,  slavery ,  Social Security ,  South Shields ,  South Tyneside ,  Staffline ,  Sunderland ,  tax credits ,  Telegraph ,  temporary jobs ,  the Telegraph newspaper ,  Tory ,  Tyne ,  Tyne & Wear ,  Tyneside ,  unemployed ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed tyne&wear ,  unemployedintyne&wear ,  unemployment ,  unemployment benefits ,  Wallsend ,  Washington ,  Wear ,  Wearside ,  welfare to work provider ,  welfare-to-work ,  Whitley Bay ,  work ,  work for benefits ,  Work Programme ,  workfare ,  worklessness ,  WP 
 2 comments 
 
 May 27, 2015 - 20:33   A6er 
 
 Reblogged this on  Britain Isn't Eating . 
 Reply 
 
 May 28, 2015 - 07:48  Sasson Hann 
 
 Since the beginning of this year, I've probably only had only a few hours in a handful of days where I could have 'technically' worked. I used that very short time span to catch up on tidying a few things away, doing paperwork, and a little hoovering. I made me very ill afterwards however. 
 No company is going to take me on if I can't do even part time, certainly they're not going to take me on for just those handful of days where I could do a little. I'm so ill that even traveling by taxi for 15 minutes to see my mum for 2 hours makes me dreadfully ill by the time I've got there. 
 I am actually unfit for work you see, not technically. And if I could go back to work, believe me I would, because being a teacher on £35,000 a year, and earning £50 an hour conducting workshops, is somewhat better than the income from ESA/DLA. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 County Durham Socialist Clothing Bank 
 ‘Welfare Reform Isn’t Working As Planned’, Says Expert 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
