Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Remote Sales Agent 
 Site Dudes 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are one of the largest custom web design companies in Canada. We have clientele from small companies to large organizations. We service thousands of clients across North America with websites and online tools. 
 We are looking for Remote Sales Account Managers to join our team. 
 We are looking for people that want to excel at what they do and have fun doing it. Come join a relaxed and fun atmosphere. You will interact with clients on many levels including email, phone, online chat and meetings. 
 Skills Needed: 
 High School Diploma 
 Strong Communication Skills 
 2-4 Sales Experience (Preferably a Digital Field) 
 2-4 Years Customer Service Experience (Preferably a Digital Field) 
 2-4 Years Understanding of Websites and Other Internet Technologies 
 2-4 Social Media Experience 
 2-4 Years SEO & SEM (Google, Yahoo, Bing, Facebook, Instagram) Experience 
 -Knowledge of how Domain Names Work (Godaddy, Name Servers) 
 -Knowledge of Email (SMTP, POP3, Outlook) 
 -Ability to use Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word 
 The generation of new websites and digital marketing is required in this position. 
 Many tools and support will be provided to the remote sales team. 
 Ways to generate website sales: 
 -Family 
 -Friends 
 -Your Local Cultural Members/Groups of your Community 
 -Local Businesses you are familiar with 
 -Local businesses that have no website presence 
 -Local businesses that have a terrible website 
 Selected Candidates would be expected to contact small and medium sized business via telephone, email, online meeting or in person to offer our website packages and digital marketing services. 
 ****This is a Remote Contractor position that pays commission and monthly revenue share. 
 *Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Annual Bonuses are offer to help boost performance. 
 Estimated Compensation: $35K to $65K Annually. 
 Position needs to be filled immediately. 
 Job Type: Commission 
 Salary: Up to $65,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
If you require Goto Meeting or Zoom to communicate with clients, we may subsidize that cost. 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 2 years (Required) 
 Customer Service: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
