Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant store Manager 
 Rona 
 __Granby, QC 
 Apply Now 
 At Lowe’s Canada, over 26,000 employees let their passion blossom every day. Our teams are driven by the desire to help people bring their projects to life and are committed to making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 We operate or service more than 470 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, and Dick’s Lumber banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 You’ve got the talent? We’ve got the tools! Here, your work and ideas will contribute to building a flourishing organization. Your voice will always be heard and valued. You’ll find career opportunities that live up to your ambitions and be able to further develop your unique set of skills. 
 So if you’re looking to do what you love, and to grow and evolve within our family—one of the best employers in Canada according to a recent Forbes survey—we could be perfect for each other. 
 Working with the Store Manager and the management team, the Assistant Manager is responsible for motivating and guiding all store associates. He/She shares responsibility for customer service, sales, sales support (operations & merchandising) and budgets, in order to achieve the store's business results. In collaboration with the management team. The Assistant Store Manager works on the evolution of the corporate culture, mentors team members to provide high quality customer service and ensures a safe and pleasant environment for all associates and customers. 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Minimum of 3 years previous Retail Management experience in a big box environment, supervising large teams, including hiring and coaching of employees 
 Previous experience in the home improvement industry is advantageous 
 Functional knowledge of retail merchandising, operations and retail management practices and procedures. 
 Experience selecting, assessing, coaching, counseling and developing associates in a retail environment. 
 A strong customer service orientation and focus. 
 Effective organizational, communication (written and oral) and problem solving skills. 
 Comfortable operating in a fast-paced and ever-changing big box retail environment. 
 An Associate’s or Bachelor s Degree in Business is preferred 
 Proficient with Microsoft Office, i.e., Word, Excel & Outlook 
 Availability to work a flexible schedule, including days, evenings, weekends, and holidays as needed. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
