WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement 
 
 Home 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan and How to Put One Together? 
 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan and How to Put One Together? 
 You might have heard of the concept of a “career plan” – something that you put in place to help figure out what steps you’ll take to achieve your long term career goals. 
 I don’t know about you, but it sure sounds scary to me. I’m supposed to figure out where my career will be 40 years from now? Give me a break! 
 By the way, I did coach a gentleman who had a 25 year career plan. Really. It shocked me, too. But his frustration was that reality wasn’t lining up according to his plan. 
 So here is how you do some useful career planning without driving yourself nuts: 
 First: What's Your Goal? 
 Capture in your career plan what you’d like to achieve through your work. Is it primarily to amass a large amount of money you’ll need for your family and retirement? Is it about accomplishments and things you’ll do? Is there some larger mission you’re fulfilling in your life? How do you define “success” for yourself? 
 It’s important to write down the answers, because it helps you to look at it more objectively. It also forces you to pick some words to describe these fuzzy concepts, rather than just have them float around in a cloud in your mind. 
 Second: What Can You Leverage? ** 
 ** 
 Look at the assets that you have to work with. You’ve amassed a certain set of skills, you know a bunch of people, you have a certain position and reputation. Hopefully, you have some savings which might help if you want to invest in changing direction. All of these can be viewed as a launching pad from which you’ll create your future success. 
 Third: What Are Your Options? ** 
 ** 
 Examine options which might help bridge the gap between those larger, longer term goals and where you are today. You’ll need new skills and relationships with key types of people. You’ll need to build up a position and reputation over the course of years. Certain options might involve moving, going back to school, or building a base of experience that you’re lacking. 
 Fourth: Be Flexible and Adjust Your Career Plan as Necessary ** 
 ** 
 So far I haven’t talked about the order and steps you’ll take to build your way toward the goal. If you were really able to do that, you’d have a plan. But that plan would actually be quite fragile: When reality doesn’t line up the way you’d like, you have to go back and develop a new plan. 
 When you fly from New York to LA, the pilot doesn’t just pick an incredibly accurate direction and start flying. That would be like trying to pick up a pea with a pole ten miles long. 
 In a practical sense, then, what you do is to: 
 
 Maintain a clear goal. 
 Take steps in the general direction of that goal. 
 Learn and adjust as you go along. 
 
 When you’re constantly making progress, generally in the right direction, you’re much more likely to get there – or at least close enough that you can feel satisfied with what you’re doing. 
 To be realistic, realize that your GOAL will probably change over the course of your life. The nice thing about this process is that you can change as you go along, navigating around obstacles and even changing your general direction. 
 It’s YOUR life, after all. You get to do that. 
 The point is to pick a direction and move toward it. If you don’t move, you’ll spend your life being pushed around in whatever random directions people have for you. It’s not likely you’ll get to where YOU want to be. Take charge of your  career  with a career plan! 
 by  Carl Dierschow 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Career Center 
 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Career 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
