Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Technician - Temporary Part-time - Biological Sciences (11132020b) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute (fully affiliated with the University of Toronto) has an opening for a Temporary part time Research Technician (20hr/week), in the Biological Sciences Platform under the direction of Dr. David Hwang. The Research section focuses primarily on retrospective and prospective studies utilizing tissue specimens. 
 Skills: 
Excellent microtomy skills; 
Working knowledge of quality and safety requirements in an Anatomic Pathology lab including (but not limited to) the handling of tissue in formalin 
Must be able to physically retrieve tissue blocks and slides from archival files including climbing ladders, working at heights, lifting boxes up to 30 lb 
Ability to construct TMAs 
Basic molecular processing techniques e.g DNA/RNA extraction 
Ability to work aflexible schedule as needed 
 Qualifications 
 Degree in Medical Laboratory Sciences with 2-3 years of job experience minimum in a Histology laboratory 
Excellent communication skills- verbal and written 
Excellent customer service and consistent professional interaction with research clinical staff; 
Ability to develop, maintain and follow detailed standard operating procedures and protocols; 
Excellent organization skills – ability to use time effectively and efficiently in a dynamic demanding environment 
Attention to detail – ensure and maintain unique specimen/patient information through complex processes 
Good computer literacy - experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, etc.) and maintenance of electronic database for material tracking, production of quarterly reports and regular auditing 
 Outstanding candidates should apply by email to Dr. Jelena Mirkovic, Director of Research (jelena.mirkovic@sunnybrook.ca) and include a cover letter, CV and contact information for three references. Deadline for application is November 27, 2020 
 We thank you in advance for your interest. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted 
 - 
 In accordance with Canadian Employment and Immigration guidelines, applicants must be eligible to work in Canada. Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ2 persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
