Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Secrets to Motivating Yourself 
 Mike Martin    9th March    Career   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Secrets%20to%20Motivating%20Yourself%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fhow-to-inspire-yourself%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 What do you do when you’re feeling kind of blah and can’t seem to shake it? 
 Do you have ways to snap out of those moods and create a sense of  drive and purpose ? 
 If yes, keep doing what you’re doing (and leave a comment at the end of this post with your  secrets ). 
 If you’re like most of us, you may need a little extra help to get your mojo movin’ again. 
 Here are five ways to inspire yourself: 
 1. Focus on the Future 
 If you dwell on the past, or even your current problems or situation, it’s easy to get down on yourself. Why not shift gears and  focus  on the future? 
 If today is not going so well, what can you do tomorrow to make it better? When you switch your focus to the future, you begin to see the world of possibilities that are open to you. Possibilities can lead to  positivity , and that can lead to hope, which is what can  inspire  us and lift us up when we’re feeling down. 
 But just don’t dream about the future. Make a plan to make the bright future that you aspire to come into reality. That process of visioning and  planning  and action always works to bring results. 
 It may not bring you that  dream job  right away, but you will be moving in the right direction toward it if you start focusing on what is possible. 
 2. Read All About it 
 There are so many  inspirational  people who have written their stories and pointed the way for all of us. And at some point they were down on themselves and could not see the way forward. 
 One of the greatest leaders of our times, Nelson Mandela, spent 27 years in prison, most of it in the notorious Robbin Island prison until his release in 1990 after an international campaign against apartheid and his imprisonment. 
 If you read his autobiography,  Long Walk to Freedom  , you will hear about his long time in prison and the deprivations he suffered. But he never gave up his hope for freedom for himself and his people. 
 Now that’s inspiring. And there are thousands of books that tell similar stories of remarkable courage and inner strength that can help you find what you need inside of yourself to move  forward . 
 There are people who rose out of the slums to become millionaires and women and men who were severely injured in accidents or wars who became world class athletes. Find a story that resonates with you and draw from their inspiration to inspire yourself. 
 3. Find a Role Model 
 When we were kids we often looked up and even  admired certain people  who inspired us. This might have included professional football stars or famous musicians or actors. 
 But it also probably included someone who was a little bit older than us who seemed like they had things together. It may have even been our parents or an older brother or sister. 
 We closely watched what they did, and we mimicked their actions and behavior because we wanted to be just like them. Having a  role model  as an adult is kind of the same thing, except for the hero worship. And it too can work to help inspire us. 
 Find someone in your life, or maybe at work, who seems like they have everything that you want. Then ask them how they got where they are today. 
 They will probably be happy to talk about themselves for a few minutes, but don’t be surprised to hear them say that they were exactly where you are at one point in their life. Take their story and their  success  with you and use it as your inspiration. 
 4. Act as If 
 One of the best ways to inspire yourself is to start acting as if you were already successful, popular, slimmer or whatever you would like to be. This time the self-inspiration might actually come from perspiration as you take  actions  that you hope will lead you where you want to go. 
 Let’s say you want to be in better physical shape. You can start with the  motivation  of good health and feeling better about yourself. But what might actually get you to the gym will be acting as if you were already healthier, and a  healthy person  just goes to the gym naturally. 
 It’s a bit of a ninja mind trick, but it can work to give you that spark of inspiration and when you add the perspiration you have the formula for success. As you make better choices, your  self-worth  rises. 
 When that happens, you automatically take the actions that you know you should be doing. That’s the magic of inspiring yourself. 
 5. Take a Break and Re-energize 
 Sometimes a completely different tactic is required in order to inspire yourself. If you are feeling down, you may be just tired and  overwhelmed . Try taking a weekend off, just for yourself. 
 If you have to go away to make that happen, take the time off. You are worth it. While you’re away or just relaxing, you can take stock of your life — the good and the bad. You can examine what is working well and what needs to be fixed. 
 Try to have as much alone time as you can during this respite, and listen to your inner voice. It may be telling you to slow down or change careers to fix your  relationships . 
 Just listen. You don’t have to do anything. Sometimes the inspiration to fix our  problems  or embark on a new adventure is already there waiting for us to pay attention. You may already have the inspiration you need inside of you. All you have to do is to let it out. 
 -- 
 Inspiring yourself helps you grow and change. It can also just get you through a tough task. Regardless, it’s a great skill to have. How do you inspire yourself? 
 (  Photo Credit: Steve Wilson   ) 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 eaten9st 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 how to inspire yourself (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     What Do Job Hunting and Dating Have in Common?  
  _ _     How to Fix That Mistake  
  _ _     How to Deal with Conflict  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Moses Adetola  on the 2nd October 
 
 Reply   
 The first point "Focus on the future" is very important, I have identified this to be the single most important factor for growth. Thanks for sharing. 
 
 Michael LaRocca  on the 17th July 
 
 Reply   
 This is a surprisingly good article. I really expected some "get over it and motivate yourself" advice, or maybe those were just the voices in my head again. I can use this one. And I will. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
