Skip to content 
 
 My Inner MishMash 
 What plays in my brain. 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 Home 
 
 Pages 
 
 About me. 
 About this blog. 
 Blog playlists. 
 Contact me. 
 What is faza? 
 Where else you can find me. 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 802 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 eirlysgwenllian  on  Ffynnon - "Yr Adar… 
 
 
 
 
 
 eirlysgwenllian  on  What (if anything) do I wish m… 
 
 
 
 Astrid  on  Ffynnon - "Yr Adar… 
 
 
 
 Astrid's Words  on  What (if anything) do I wish m… 
 
 
 
 ashleyleia  on  What (if anything) do I wish m… 
 
 
 
 Reading right now 
 Tag: career 
 Hywel Pitts - "Ailadrodd" (Repeat). 
 For today, I chose to share with you a Hywel Pitts' song. I only know two solo songs of his, it's possible that he has more of them and I just don't know (that's what the lyrics of this song may also kind of suggest, haha). Currently he is the vocalist of a Welsh-language rock band I Fight Lions. Both these songs by Hywel Pitts that I know have always sounded to me like they have very interesting lyrics but since I'm still like lower intermediate or so, and couldn't find the lyrics anywhere online to help me understand them, there was always a lot of guessing and assuming involved. However now I understand at least as much of this song to be able to grasp the context, although I fear I have no clue about what this repeating bit in the chorus means, and I feel like it's important. Oh well… 
 Anyway, the song is about how the lyrical subject (can we talk about lyrical subject in pop/folk lyrics? 😀 I don't know, but I also don't know if it's Hywel Pitts' own experience or just something he felt like writing so let's say it is a lyrical subject) dreamt in his teens about being a rock star. Years later, he finds himself doing just small gigs. He is wondering whether perhaps he's not charismatic enough, not talented enough, not confident enough. But how can he be confident if he has no fans? Maybe it's because he isn't good at laughing at himself, or because he doesn't have family in the BBC, maybe he's not fashionable enough, or doesn't write enough hits, or his songs are bad, in any case no one buys his CD's or even downloads his mp3s. He has tried a lot of things (everything basically) to achieve his dream - he has tried dressing like a guy, like a girl, he's been working very hard for free, trying to be folksy, punkrocky, fat, thin, courageous, interesting, funny, honest, different, entertaining, straight, gay, bi, support Tories, Plaid Cymru (Party of Wales - this is a socialist-nationalist Welsh party), Labour, he tried praying, joined Zoosk, Tinder, OK Cupid, he's been writing in Welsh, English and French, etc. etc. etc. I don't understand all of that unfortunately, but the point is that still, despite his efforts, no one's paying any attention. Eventually he concludes that - I am not sure if I understand what he does not need, but I'm pretty sure that what he does need is "four chords and a smile". 
 If this is indeed Hywel Pitts' experience, that makes me very sad because, while I know only two songs by him, except for I Fight Lions, I like them both and I think I could consider myself his fan, even if I'm the only one. I like things that others don't, especially if they have anything to do with minority languages and Celticness and are quirky. So perhaps that would increase his self-confidence, if he knew that, lol, and maybe that would help him to gain more fans, in turn. I am hoping for the best here. 
 Posted on  November 17, 2020 Categories  Music Tags  British music ,  career ,  Cymraeg ,  Hywel Pitts ,  musician ,  popularity ,  repeat ,  song of the day ,  Welsh ,  Welsh music Leave a comment on Hywel Pitts - "Ailadrodd" (Repeat). 
 Question of the day (26th August). 
 Hey people. 🙂 
 Here's my another question for you: 
 Throughout childhood, did you seek to have a specific profession (perhaps different professions during different periods) once reaching adulthood? Did this change once you passed beyond high school? 
 My answer: 
 I had multiple ideas throughout my childhood as for what I wanted to be as an adult, but it rarely or never was very clear, like, I'm sure I want to be this, and I will do anything to make it happen. And, in fact, the older I got, the more blurred my ideas were getting, due to many factors. When I was in nursery, so in my case from the age 5, I really loved singing. I don't know where I got that from, I certainly had some skill for it but I have an impression this could be that stereotype that, you know, blind people are always good at music, and my family picked it up and so I did too. But whatever the cause of that, I liked it at the time, and whenever someone would ask me about what I wanted to be in the future, I'd say I would like to either be a singer, or a musician, or perhaps even a dancer, and that I didn't want to have babies, because when women want a baby, they can have it, but they don't have to when they don't want. 😀 Around the same time though (I have a feeling I might have written about that somewhere on my blog earlier), I got some weird dream or an imagining or whatever it was. I was lying in bed at night in the nursery and almost falling asleep, or perhaps I was already somewhere between asleep and awake, and I know that a while earlier I was thinking about how it feels like to be an adult, and that I guess I wouldn't like to be. And then, I saw myself as an adult, in a really huge kitchen. I was about to prepare a meal I guess, and I was all surrounded with little children and toddlers clinging to me. But the most weird and vivid thing for me that I remember the best in that little scene was the sense of hopelessness and despair I felt, and that I didn't know what to do, like at all, with myself, with those kids, with that damn meal, it was frustrating, I was lost and confused and like people are expecting something from me but I didn't know what and how to do it. I think it had to be a really powerful image because it stayed with me for years and when I was a kid, whenever I heard the word "adult", that was what first came to my mind, and I still have that association somewhere in my brain. 
 When I was older, I wanted to be a writer, which has always been quite an appealing thing to me and I've always loved writing, I also had a stage when I wanted to be a psychologist, I guess as in therapist, and then for quite a while I also wanted to be a sound engineer or a music producer, which eventually led me to getting a chance to try my hand at the former for a couple years in an online academic radiostation where my friend Jacek (the one from Helsinki, but back then from Poland) volunteered, even though I wasn't a student at his uni, but he managed to get me in there. Was loads of fun, but I realised I wasn't enough into it to do it full time. I also wanted to do something with linguistics, like be somehow involved in creating speech synthesis for example, as it's definitely something that is hugely based on linguistics and they need people who know something about specific languages and phonetics stuff in general. 
 When I met my horse riding instructor, who is also a neurologist and knows a whole lot about the brain and loads of other interesting things about horses and humans, and after I spent some time with her, it slowly dawned on me that had I been sighted, I'd definitely have to be a neurosurgeon, I've also read some really interesting books about the brain at that time as well as about the beginnings of neurosurgery. But obviously since I'm blind that was out of question, and while it was and still is a fun dream for me, since it's not a realistic one, I don't think about it outside of the dream zone anymore at all. 
 I've fell in love with harp along the way and I had a really strong phase when I wanted to become a harpist, but at the same time, having tried two instruments before and not being able to learn to play any of them really well because of coordination issues and such, I was too scared to try in case I would be disappointed, because then I'd be disappointed really hard, and since it was Celtic harp I was dreaming about, there weren't even any tutors in my area for that instrument, and it would be even more unthinkable for me to learn on my own. 
 Then I got a chance to finally do more with my languages and finally I've embraced what people have been telling me for ages, probably just because it was the only idea that popped into their mind as for what a blind person could do (apart from being a musician or a massage therapist) that I should become a translator. It wasn't too appealing to me before, because the only idea of a translator I had in my mind was someone who follows you everywhere in a foreign country if you are a VIP and translates your every word and translates what people say to you. I never knew how they managed to do it - remember what someone is saying and translate it in their brain and then tell it the other person in the other language so quickly - and I couldn't imagine myself doing that. - 
Oral translating, especially simultaneous, is still like black magic to me, but I like the idea of doing written translations. I also discovered for good how in love I was with Celtic languages and cultures and wanted to do something with it. I didn't really know what I could do after Celtic studies, apart from making another translation of Mabinogion or something like that, but I wanted to study Celtic studies. And I think I would probably do that, if not the fact that the two universities in Poland where they were available were very far away from me, and I completely didn't feel like going to the other end of the country again, not even for the Celtic studies, and didn't feel it would be realistic for me to live there independently. There were Celtic studies at University of Wales Trinity St. David that I really really really wanted to apply for, because they sounded like just for me, but after some investigation their e-learning environment turned out not to be very accessible, and later on I realised that they were MA studies so I couldn't do them straight away after finals. And then I didn't have to worry about my Celtic studies anymore because, quite as I supposed it could be, I didn't pass the math final exam, and failed in a big way at it. I decided that at least for now I am not going to rewrite it, as you may already know. But still I think it's not unrealistic for me to become a translator or something like this. I might rewrite that exam at some point, or even if not, I still know a couple languages, and as my Swedish teacher had always told me, knowing about all my other issues, no one would need a piece of paper to confirm that, and no one can tell me I can't speak a language if they see I do. I am also slowly working on my translations of the poems of Cornelis Vreeswijk's, I'm never happy with them and my feelings about whether I should ever show them to the wider audience or not are ever fluctuating, so we'll see. I am, as you also probably know, also working as a secretary/office worker in my Dad's company, which I feel very lucky about, and which I don't think my childhood self would ever guess to happen. 😀 
 How was it with you? 🙂 
 Posted on  August 27, 2019 Categories  Diary Tags  about me ,  blindness ,  career ,  childhood ,  disability ,  education ,  get to know me ,  job ,  profession ,  q&a ,  qotd ,  question of the day ,  readers 4 Comments on Question of the day (26th August). 
 Question of the day. 
 Hey people! 🙂 
 Here's today's question for you from me. 🙂 
 Who taught you to write a CV/resume? 
 My answer: 
 I had classes at my last school, don't know in which other countries something like this exists and how you call it but we in Poland call it a bit pompously basics of entrepreneurship, I guess I had it for two or perhaps three years, I don't even remember now, anyway you learn different things to do with economy, business, having your own business, employment, just all sorts of things to do with entrepreneurship. And I remember very vaguely we were learning to write CV during those classes too. But, actually, by the time we had that writing a CV thing in our syllabus, I was already learning largely by myself, that is, many of my teachers seemed awfully scared of contracting blindness from me I guess, some were actually treating me like an air, which wasn't making things easier for me with the anxiety and communication difficulties, one seemed actually even more sociophobic than me, or rather Emiliophobic, as his social phobia would only come up in contact with me and he was like almost literally tip-toeing around me as if he thought I'll kill him if he'll make me angry, 😀 and that attitude was really making me very pissed off whenever I saw him. Oh and he was scared of my Mum like hell too. Besides, the vast majority of them were using slideshows a lot or other things that weren't really accessible for me. So at some point I just came up with an idea that I will teach myself and they'll send me what they're doing, the topics of control assignments and such and I'll be sending the assignments to them and coming to exams. And they very happily agreed to it, as my Mum said it, with great relief, especially my poor Emiphobic history teacher. But that was relief to me too as you can imagine given the above circumstances, even though I did have some really awesome teachers there too. So, going back to that CV thing, I was supposed to tackle this on my own, which was tricky as I had no idea about CV's whatsoever, those things still confuse me a lot. So I asked my Dad for help, as he's had a lot of experience, and, practically, it was him who taught me that. But, actually, even though it's been maybe three years since then, I doubt I'd be able to write a serious CV applying for job without any guidance. I still find all those things rather confusing. But I do have the basic idea at least of what it should be like, haha. 
 How was it with you? 🙂 
 Posted on  July 27, 2019 Categories  Diary Tags  about me ,  blindness ,  career ,  CV ,  Dad ,  disability ,  get to know me ,  job ,  q&a ,  qotd ,  question of the day ,  readers ,  school 11 Comments on Question of the day. 
 Question of the day. 
 Hi guys. 🙂 
 Here's my question for you for today: 
 What's a career that no one really thinks about or admires enough? 
 My answer: 
 Looking at the situation here in Poland, especially that I have two people of this profession in my family, I feel like it's nurses. They do a whole lot of work, that requires a lot of skills because of how versatile it is and how different things they have to do, and also it is them who are very often closest to the patient, but they don't seem to get much recognition, not as much as doctors, even though, no matter how competent a doctor would be, he wouldn't be able to help his patients quite as much without a nurse. Especially nurses who are older and have only finished a nursing school, I am always confused by English education terminology, but you know, they've finished a school like on the college level that teaches nursing, but they didn't study nursing at the uni so don't have any higher education. Now I guess it is required, but still, in relation to how much they work, they don't earn equally much, and they've been protesting a lot in recent years. 
 Also people who work as cleaners or in similar jobs, that most people look down upon, but that are important nevertheless. 
 And last, but not least, homemakers! Yes, I strongly believe it is a valid career option. Or like my Mum - a homemaker herself - likes to say, home manager. One day my Mum had a conversation with an official, something about some family allowance or something like that, and he asked her what her job was. So she said home manager and he was like: "Umm, do you work at people's houses? I've never heard about such a profession". "No, my own house is enough for me so far". "Ah, OK, so you don't work.". "Of course I do. That I'm not paid for it and not employed by anyone doesn't mean I don't work". So he was just laughing but in the end he said he has to write she's unemployed. Sounds so daft and unfair when you think about how much she's doing. 
 Which career is it in your opinion? 🙂 
 Posted on  May 21, 2019 Categories  Diary Tags  about me ,  career ,  get to know me ,  homemaker ,  job ,  mother ,  mum ,  nurse ,  nurses ,  q&a ,  qotd ,  question of the day ,  readers ,  work 6 Comments on Question of the day. 
 Question of the day. 
 What is the most boring job you have ever had? 
 My answer: 
 Well, so far I haven't have that much experience in this area since my current job is my first official job. It's maybe not like incredibly exciting, but I also woudln't say it's very boring, I'm fairly neutral about it. 
 You? 🙂 
 Posted on  January 12, 2019January 12, 2019 Categories  Diary Tags  about me ,  career ,  get to know me ,  job ,  q&a ,  qotd ,  question of the day ,  readers ,  work 9 Comments on Question of the day. 
 Question of the day (16th July). 
 What's on your mind, today? 
 My answer: 
 A bloody lot of shit. Well, I always have a lot on my mind, but lately it's like really a lot. I'm generally quite moodswingy lately, which isn't much like me to be so rapid, and that's one thing, that, as I suppose, contributes to my brain's hyperactivity, but another thing is that I think a lot about my future, career mainly. 
 My mind is just full of ideas, but then when I try to dig deeper into them, many seem not very likely to come true in the near future. Practically, the only option I have, all things cnsidered, is to become a freelancer, and then do some sort of translations, proofreadings, or, potentially, name related stuff, like baby naming, or helping writers or people wanting to rename themselves, or writing stuff about names. 
 I feel so flippin' confused though, because I just don't have a clue about neither freelancing, nor starting a job, nor having your own business, nor actually what, or how, I would be supposed to do things, I don't know how to start it, how to actually do it, what to do first, I just have so many questions in my mind and no one around seems to be able to help me or give some relevant advice. I tried searching for some job offers for freelancers, and there seemed to be a lot of stuff I could do, but then also there seemed to be so many issues of all kinds. 'Cause, I guess before you start working as a freelancer, you need to carry on some sort of business already, you can't just start working out of nowhere, can you? Then I'm clueless about how to do it. And my Mum says it's too early on now, that I first should start looking for some clients, and it makes me feel even more confused, 'cause how they're going to hire me as a freelancer if I don't have my own business. Even if it's possible to work like this, everyone obviously wants to hire "experienced" people, and if I don't have my own business, it definitely doesn't even look like I'm experienced. 
 Then they of course want a CV, and then again I am clueless. I surely do have the knowledge in languages, I would be able to translate something, even if not from any special field, I would surely be able to translate some standard texts, and I think even specialised stuff would be manageable, it would just require more linguistic development, which is always good. But it doesn't change the fact that I don't have any linguistic education, well any higher education either. I know about people who work as translators or proofreaders without a translatory or linguistic degree, and my Swedish teacher who knew about my possibilities and my limitations always kept telling me that it doesn't matter how many degrees I will have, only how well I can use a language, and if I can, they can't say I can't. It's true, but is it really going to convince them? What the heck should I write in my CV then? 
 I can give them my portfolio and show what I can do practically, but how I am supposed to make one? What sort of stuff am I supposed to put in there, with the original versions or without? Wouldn't it be against copyright or something? What exactly should it look like? I've read a few articles about making portfolio, but they didn't give much of a practical info about how to make one actually. 
 I tried translating some text - an excerpt from the book "Amnesia" by Andrew Neiderman, which was the book I then read, in English, and which doesn't have a Polish translation as of yet. I got really involved, both in the book and in translation, and, although its quality may not be the best (it's the first longer, literary thing I've ever translated), I still think it's good, I translated the prologue and the whole first chapter in one sitting, my brain was crumbling and creaking but I was enormously proud of myself. My Mum read it, MY DAD read it even, and my Dad asked if I'm going to continue 'cause if so he'd like to read it whole. I told him no, that I just wanted to test myself, and have a potential something to my portfolio in the future, be it nearer or further, but then I started to think more. I thought maybe I could translate it and publish it? 
 But after reading a whole lot on literary translations, I got really discouraged. Many people just openly say it's not something you could make a living with. I'm not saying I wouldn't NEVER EVER translate a book, but right now I just don't think it would be a good idea, my writing craftsmanship is still way too poor and I should rather start with some smaller things. 
 But then if I'll get an order and something to translate or proofread, what would I do if it wouldn't be accessible for my screenreader? Like someone may want me to translate a website, but then it turns out it's loaded with graphic, frames and stuff, and it's barely readable for a screen reader… Another thing is that I have no idea how the process of translating a website looks like, but well, let's leave it. Or they'd send me a document they have in some not very accessible form? That's just crazy. For me, the most comfortable and accessible way to write someone a translation of anything would be to make it in a Word document. Or like I saw someone's offer saying that they have a text to translate, but they want the translation to look exactly just like the source text. Cool, but what if my screen reader won't tell me about some things that are in the source text? Like portions of text in a different colour, font, etc.? Just bloody shit, should I give it up then? After all, being a beginning translator, it's not me who would set conditions, they can always look for someone who would do it as they want. So I just hope that accessibiltiy isn't an issue very often in this field, but somehow it's hard to believe. 
 These are just a couple of examples of the wild paths my brain is racing through recently. It just makes me feel sick. I also feel like my AVPD is happily joining in the fun and making me feel like it's completely not doable. Like even if it would be doable for anyone else in just the same circumstances, it's just simply not doable for me. 
 It makes me feel somewhat concerned, the frequency and amount of the situations that happen in which I feel so awfully overwhelmed, like everything feels so impossible to do or feels like so much effort, I wonder recently if it might be due to my depression getting worse or something? I just feel like it affects my functioning a lot. Sometimes just getting out of the house feels not manageable. It was never something I was good at, to just get out and be around people, but lately I feel I've become less functional, or so it feels. I talked about this to my therapist recently, but since we're very new to each other, and not seeing that often in practice, it doesn't feel like anything constructive had come out of it. I wish I could talk about it to my former therapist, as she worked with me for so long and got to know me really well. 
 It reminds me about a sort of a daydream, or maybe an imagining, or whatever it was, that I had as a little child, I guess at the nursery, or something like this. It was night time, and I guess I wasn't sleeping, though maybe I could and it was simply a dream, but it was repeating a few times afterwards in a very similar form. I know I at first thought how I wouldn't like to ever be adult, that it would be far more worse to be an adult. And then I had this dream or what else it was and saw myself as an adult, in a house that I didn't recognise, that seemed very chaotic and disorganised, I guess I was in the kitchen, there were lots of children around me, and I had this overwhelming feeling that I just don't know what to do. Like, what to do at the moment, and in general, I just had a very strong overall sense of hopelessness and helplessness, which just struck me - that little me. I don't know from where I got it, as my parents are and were always very resourceful, maybe it's about all the boarding school crap and that I was often in the situations that looked very similarly to the one I mentioned above. At the same period in my life they were making a little movie about the nursery I was in, and there was a scene where they asked us about what we would like to do in life. I said I would like to be a musician, since that was what I thought I'd like to do back then and didn't know much about other things, there was a very strong pressure at that school for students to do something with music, and then when they talked about becoming parents I said something that my family is still laughing about, me included. I said "I won't have a baby, when women don't want to have children, they don't have them. If a Mum can see she can change her baby's nappy, but I can't see and I don't want to paw in its poo. Daddy would have to do it but dads can't change nappies." And I really didn't want to have kids, but more because of the fact that I just couldn't imagine myself having a baby and didn't think I could make a good mum back then, I remember I completely didn't understand some other girls who were pretending mums all the time. 
 Anyway, of some more positive things, remember I was writing to a baby name expert last week to ask her some stuff about the job? SO she didn't write back, at least not as of yet, and somehow I feel like she won't. But yesterday I wrote to another one - who actually seems closer to me, because she doesn't look at names only as numbers in rankings, but more like something with a deep social meaning, not only a linguistic, literal one. 
 So she got back to me not so long ago. and from what she wrote to me, it seems like it's even more of a niche thing than I thought it's in the US. among lots of other stuff, she told me I should rather try to go into writing about names, like doing something on a larger scale, not just one to one. And that seems to make sense to me. 
 She offered me that I could write articles about Polish names for her website, which I obviously accepted and which is soo cool to do as a start. She also suggested that I could write a blog about names, also foreign ones, for the Polish audience, which I'm thinking about intensively. also that I could write for parenting websites or magazines which we have LOADS of here. I even know one that did do a series about names in the past, but it looked quite poor if I'm honest, even then I felt like I could make it better. So that's an idea. 
 also, she started her career with writing a book, that changed naming trends in the US and the way people look at names, so she said maybe I could write one for the Polish market as well, but if I'm honest, right now I don't think we're up for such a major change. Only a few years have passed since our naming laws have been changed, they were very strict before. So, as you may remember I wrote in one of my previous posts, many of the name ideas that are OK for an American or even British person, may be completely abstractive and ridiculous for an average Pole, like unisex names or many word names or tons of qrrhee8tiffe spellings. 
 We have an institution here, roughly Polish Language Council, which gives opinions to parents or registry offices or however it's called in other countries, about names. Like if the spelling of the name is correct and appropriate for the Polish ortography standards, if it doesn't sound ridiculing, things like this. And sometimes when I don't have anything better to do I like to scroll through tons of creative parents' ideas and poor council members' very serious opinions, often on very ridiculous names. And sometimes I like to share such sensational gems with people I know, like a mum wanting to call her son Kermit. 
 recently I told Zofijka I've heard that some parents wanted to call their daughter Tulipan (Tulip). Can be a cool name in ENglish, if you like flower or nature names, I like it, or Tiwlip in Welsh, if you're more inventive and bold, if not Welsh. But you know what was Zofijka's reaction? She laughed like crazy, for quite a while, meanwhile entertaining us with examples of all the ridiculous situations she could come up with, in which the name Tulipan would sound funny. 
 'Cause it really is funny for most of us, the more that Tulipan ends in -n, and our girl names still usually end in a, as most of all the feminine gender nouns. And you wouldn't call your son a clearly flowery name, usually, would you? 
 In my opinion it's slightly weird though, why some flower names are bad and some are good. 'Cause we have names like Róża/Rozalia (Rose/Rosalie), Lilia/Lilianna/all the other Lil- names, a very rare Hortensja, or even - very rarely used, but still - Hiacynt and Narcyz for boys. So why not, dunno, Cynia (Zinnia), Stokrotka (Daisy), Malwa (Mallow)? 
 I wouldn't say Poles are narrow-minded, 'cause it's quite the opposite, but with names, I feel like we have still a long way to come, and I am not talking about being crazy like celebrities, just more creative and thinking out of the box. 'Cause so far I feel like our names are repeating every 3, max 5 generations, with some slight changes. 
 Oh gees, what a long digression!!!!!! Sorry… but I won't delete it, you can just skip if you want, maybe it'll be interesting for someone haha. Yeah writing is the only thing where I can still be somehow spontaneous. 
 Anyway, I am so happy she wrote to me and gave me so many great suggestions, although I am sort of sad that name consulting isn't a thing, it sounded so promising and interesting. 
 After her email I feel slightly more cheered up. 
 Sorry it's so long, but there you have it - my mind. A virtual trophy goes to you if you've made it through it all hahaha. 
 How about yours? 🙂 
 Posted on  July 17, 2018 Categories  Baby names ,  Diary ,  Languages ,  Mental Health ,  My thoughts Tags  AVPD ,  baby name consultant ,  baby name expert ,  baby naming ,  career ,  dysthymia ,  freelancing ,  job ,  mental illness ,  musings ,  proofreader ,  question of the day ,  thoughts ,  translator Leave a comment on Question of the day (16th July). 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
