Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Roots 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 NATURE & SCOPE 
Reporting to the Store Manager, the Sales Associate plays a vital role in promoting our core values. The main objective of this position is to provide exceptional service to customers and build relationships with them. The goal is to develop customers for life. 
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR? 
 To be successful, you’ll need to possess: 
 
 Retail experience preferably in apparel. 
 Demonstrated ability to develop relationships with customers. 
 Experience with understanding retail operation concepts such as maintaining to store standards, cash handling, and merchandise presentation. 
 Self-starter and uses good judgment in all situations. 
 Excellent presentation skills in a retail environment. 
 Upbeat, optimistic, passionate and friendly. 
 Ability to understand the needs of the customer 
 Ability to build buy-in to an idea, a decision, an action, a product, or a service. 
 
 THE IMPACT YOU'LL HAVE 
 This is an opportunity to shape our company’s future by: 
 
 Display a “customer comes first” attitude. Ensuring that customer loyalty is built and maintained. 
 Resolving customer issues effectively at store level in a timely and positive manner. 
 Be a team player and contribute to the stores’ success. 
 Perform POS (point of sales transactions) and merchandising tasks, such as receiving shipment, replenishment, price markdowns, fitting room upkeep. 
 Keep current on our product and service updates. 
 Ensure store is visually appealing contributing to company standards through product presentation, replenishment, store housekeeping, store maintenance and visual displays. 
 Adhere to all Loss Prevention policies as per guidelines and policies. 
 
 WHY JOIN ROOTS? 
Roots is not only a brand, it’s a culture and lifestyle. We look for dynamic individuals who are not only interested in retail and fashion, but who enjoy challenges and share our vision for a safer, cleaner, healthier planet. 
In addition to our customers, an intrinsic part of our success has always been the people who work here. Roots is a company in which you can grow and benefit from the great opportunities often available. All members of our team are encouraged to ‘spread their roots’ 
 SOUND LIKE YOU? APPLY NOW! 
We’d like to thank everyone who applies, but we can only contact applicants who are most qualified. 
 Roots Corporation offers a culture that fosters inclusion and respect. We are committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the AODA. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process, applicants are asked to make their needs/requirements known. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
