
 FREE Sign Up 
 
 Search Jobs 
 Career Tips 
 E-Card 
 Benefits 
 Trainings 
  Employer  
 Log In 
  FREE Sign Up  
 
 Papeles | Workbank 
 Search 
 Papeles.PH 
 20% off processing fees 
 Now there’s an easier way of getting your diploma and Transcript of Records. Just order them online via Papeles.PH. And as a Workbank user, you can enjoy 20% off processing fees! 
 Job-hunting and career-building is easier with Workbank. Register today and enjoy exclusive perks. 
 No account yet?  Sign up  here. 
 Terms & Conditions: 
 
 The Workbank and Papeles.PH 20% off Promo (hereinafter referred to as “Promo”) will run from November 23, 2018 to December 31, 2020 (the “Promo Period”). 
 The Promo is open to verified Workbank users who are residing in the Philippines and ordering document on Papeles.PH, subject to Papeles.PH’s service areas during the Promo Period. Verified Workbank users are those who registered on workbank.com and have verified their email address or mobile number. 
 Workbank users who want to avail of the Promo must request for a promo code, which may be requested on workbank.com/partners/papelesph (the “Promo Landing Page.”). The promo code will be emailed to the Workbank user within 24 hours upon requesting (making them a “Qualified User”). 
 The Qualified User is entitled to 20% off Processing Fees on Papeles.PH (“Worbank Exclusive Discount”). The Qualified User must log on to Papeles.PH, order the necessary documents, and enter the promo code upon checkout to avail of the Workbank Exclusive Discount. 
 Promo code is valid from the time it is received until the end of the Promo Period. 
 The Workbank Exclusive Discount is not transferable and may not be converted to cash, credit or in kind or similar financial instruments. 
 All Qualified Users may avail of as many Workbank Exclusive Discounts during the Promo Period, as long as they request for a promo code as per item #3 under this Terms and Conditions. 
 In case of dispute in respect of the eligibility, coverage of dates and fulfillment, Workbank’s decision shall prevail. All questions or disputes regarding the eligibility for the Promo shall be resolved by Workbank and DTI. Any dispute concerning the products and services of Papeles.PH shall be settled directly between the Qualified User and Papeles.PH. 
 
 Request for code 
 Please  Sign in  or  Sign up  to request code. 
 Code already sent to your email. If you have not received please contact   Workbank customer care 
 Chat✕ 
 × 
 Workbank uses cookies to customize user experience. By continued use, you agree to our privacy policy and accept our use of such cookies. For further information, click  More info 
 Accept 
