Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housekeeping Aide 
 Compass Group Canada 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: Joseph Brant Hospital, 1245 Lakeshore Rd, Burlington ON, L7S 0A2 
 Shift: Part Time - Monday - Sunday / Mornings, Days, Afternoon and Evenings, Weekends. MUST have open availability. 
 Pay rate: $14.00/hr 
 Job Summary 
 Performs light cleaning duties to maintain establishments, including hotels, restaurants retirement homes and hospitals, in a clean and orderly manner. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Clean and disinfect areas and items such as surgical procedure areas, washrooms, operating room tables, stretchers, vents, interior windows, walls, glass, doors and mirrors. 
 
 
 Strip, wash and make beds; collect and fold linen. 
 
 
 Damp mop hard floors and auto scrub as needed. 
 
 
 Check all main areas, lobbies, stairwells, elevators/escalators and mezzanines and clean as required. 
 
 
 Vacuum carpeted areas and complete carpet extraction as needed. 
 
 
 Remove all garbage from resident/patient rooms and common areas. 
 
 
 Maintain confidentiality of all resident and personnel information. 
 
 
 Maintain a safe environment at all times (e.g. use of wet floor signs). 
 
 
 Perform duties according to health and safety guidelines. 
 
 
 Report all injuries and hazards to the supervisor immediately. 
 
 
 Responding to emergency cleanups as required. 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Think you have what it takes to be one of our Housekeepers? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role. 
 
 Previous housekeeping experience, preferably in healthcare, hotel or commercial cleaning is an asset. 
 Strong time management and organizational skills to be able to manage heavy workload. 
 Good command of English language, both verbal and written. 
 Ability to follow written and verbal instructions. 
 Physical ability to perform all aspects of the job, including requirements to lift up to 20 pounds. 
 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $14.00-$15.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
