Frontend Developer 
 Yours #3cITy adventure awaits! 
 Apply 
 location_city 
 Tricity 
 work 
 IT 
 people_alt 
 Speaking opportunities 
 watch_later 
 Flexi hours 
 en 
 
 pl 
 
 expand_more 
 Tech Stack 
 JavaScript 
 CSS 
 HTML 
 React 
 Angular 
 Vue.js 
 webpack 
 npm 
 One application, countless possibilities! 
 If you are a pro at mobile and web apps, we are looking for you! Wondering why you should be applying? Here’s why…. you apply once and we deliver your resume to all our partners in the Tricity, who happen to be the top IT brands looking for brilliant Frontend Developers. 
Only one condition, you have to be passionate about writing developing great software and taking on the challenges of working on products used by millions of users. 
Are you ready to take your career to the next level? 
 What you will do 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 devices 
 Create secure, user-friendly environments 
 chevron_right 
 You will work with multifunctional teams to understand user needs, champion user experience and create functional yet high performing and attractive digital playgrounds for them to grow their business in. 
 dvr 
 Champion the user journey 
 chevron_right 
 Start by talking to the customer and observing their interaction with the application. Use the live data to refine existing feature and create new functionalities that combine usability with design. Build. Examine. Learn. Repeat. 
 group 
 Teamwork 
 chevron_right 
 You will work with multifunctional teams of product managers, backend developers, UX'ers and web designers create user-friendly applications and products and ensure consistency across all solutions. 
 What we expect 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 laptop_windows 
 Enthusiasm for technology 
 chevron_right 
 Technology excites you. You are willing to learn from your seniors and share your knowledge with your peers and juniors. 
 person_outline 
 User-centric approach 
 chevron_right 
 The user is at the centre of what ever you design and you do what's needed to ensure user delight at every step. 
 code 
 Frontend technologies 
 chevron_right 
 You’re like DaVinci but instead of brushes and paints, your tools are: Java Script, CSS, HTML and React JS. 
You also know how to play with Angular, React, Vue, Struts, Dojo and Ajax. 
Knowledge of how to solve issues that may arise in cross-browser compatibility. 
Knowledge of testing methodologies and interface build technologies like Webpack, Browser, Babel, NPM is a definitely plus. 
 all_inbox 
 Efficiency 
 chevron_right 
 You are focused on the task and well organized. You've already worked with Agile software development methodologies and you are not afraid of the fast pace of work. 
 Perks & Benefits 
 language 
 Free language classes 
 single_bed 
 Ergonomic workplaces 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 insert_drive_file 
 Employment Contract 
 public 
 International projects 
 event 
 Sponsored participation in events and conferences 
 sync_alt 
 Relocation benefits 
 house 
 Work from home 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor programs 
 Why you would want to work and live in the Tricity 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 computer 
 One of the best working conditions in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 According to research, experts and managers declared the Tricity the third most attractive relocation destination in Poland. 
 87% of employees from the Tricity deem their working conditions and environment to be good. 61% of employees indicated the Tricity as the best place to settle in Poland. 
 monetization_on 
 Competitive salaries 
 chevron_right 
 The salaries in the Pomeranian Region are among the highest in the country. The average salary in 2018 was 5248,44 PLN, making them the fourth-highest in Poland after the Mazovian, Silesian and Lower Silesian regions. This is particularly significant as the cost of living is low and the standard of living in Tricity is higher than other places. 
 call_made 
 Growing job market 
 chevron_right 
 More and more opportunities in diverse job positions have opened up because of a large number of investments in the Pomeranian Region. The level of unemployment is very low (2,3% in Tricity vs. 5,8% in Poland), hence the constant need for talented individuals to fuel the growth. 
 tag_faces 
 Happiest place in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 Life in the Pomeranian Region is the perfect balance between the possibilities of big cities and the peace and quiet offered by small towns. This is why the locals tend to be happier and more relaxed. 
73,7% of people consider themselves happy or very happy with life in the Pomeranian Region, which makes us the happiest region Poland! 
86% of people believe that the quality of life in the Tricity is good, and, we are not the only ones saying it. A recent survey done by Numbeo on quality of life vs cost of living ranked the Tricity as the 33 best city in Europe and 88 in the world! 
 nature_people 
 Nature. Everywhere. 
 chevron_right 
 If you love nature, then you are going to love the Tricity for the sheer abundance of nature. 
From forests with great hiking trails to hills to climb to sand dunes to breathtaking beaches to skiing slopes, the Tricity has it all! 
 If you want, you can even venture out of the Tricity and make your way to Kaszubia and enjoy the amazing Kashubian Lake District with breathtaking lakes that lie 149 to 216 metres above sea level. 
 local_movies 
 There is always something to do 
 chevron_right 
 Come hail or high water, you’ll always be spoiled for choice for things to do in the Tricity. 
A diverse and vibrant community (please change it to We got connection to the right places 
The Tricity is one of the best-connected cities in Europe in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it’s history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 map 
 We are connected! 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity has excellent connections to the rest of Europe and beyond in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
 We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it's history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 supervised_user_circle 
 A diverse and vibrant community 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity is fast becoming a melting pot of culture. A recent survey shows us that the city speaks more than 34 languages! A vibrant mix of various nationalities ensures that you can learn from a variety of cultures, meet people from across the world and of course, taste some truly international flavors! 
 Discover Pomerania 
 Join us! 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Phone number 
 I accept  Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy  of Live more. Pomerania 
 I agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of service 
 Apply 
