Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Insurance Advisor- Work remotely within New Brunswick 
 TD Bank 
 __Riverview, NB 
 Apply Now 
 It starts when you pick up the phone or log in online. With each conversation, you’ll be playing one of the most important roles supporting our customers’ happiness with the bank. Every day, you will: 
 
 Provide customers with the best solutions and offer advanced guidance and expertise on how TD’s digital assets can help them meet their financial needs now and in the future. 
 Deliver outstanding inbound and/or outbound advice and service and/or sales support to moderately to highly complex transactions related to financial products and services with an aim to provide complete and correct solutions the first time. 
 Act as an advice process/product expert to play a key role in addressing customer concerns should they arrive and, be accountable for problem solving and/or raising matters to the appropriate people. 
 Work towards achieving set goals while being an ambassador for innovation by offering legendary experiences and trusted advice. 
 Implement advice and customer service procedures and approaches to complete work efficiently. 
 Work effectively as a team, use and learn from each other’s knowledge and support your co-workers to resolve customer issues. 
 
 Bring your whole self to work and have fun! This is your chance to define every new day, embrace the adventure and make a meaningful contribution that helps to deliver results and accomplish great things for your career and the customers of TD! Most importantly, you’ll be our voice at TD. Every phone call you answer, every message you send is your chance to shine! 
 Requirements 
For this role, we specifically require: 
 
 College Diploma or Undergraduate Degree and 2 years of relevant experience. 
 Aptitude to successfully complete and pass required licensing 
 
 Your relevant skillset and knowledge will also get our attention. Show us that you: 
 
 Have strong communication skills to exchange ideas and customer information in a concise and logical way, handling sensitive customer information and resolving exceptions. 
 Possess computer & multi-tasking skills. 
 Thrive in a dynamic and time-sensitive environment. 
 Have advanced knowledge of our business and understand the functions of our various business areas. 
 Are passionate, engaging and have a desire to consistently and compassionately deliver superior customer experience. 
 
 Additional Information 
Class starting: February 19th, 2021 
Hours of Operations: Monday to Friday 8:00am- 11:00pm & Saturday’s 8:00am-7:00pm 
 Hours 
35 
 Reference ID: 292294BR 
 Expected Start Date: 2021-02-19 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $47,200.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
