  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Chinese 
 
 Chinese Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Spanish-Chinese translator ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/chinese) 
 Last month 
 Community Manager for Chinese market (remote) 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a native-level Chinese Community Manager to remotely join our regional team and help us to improve our online brand reputation on Chinese market. If you are a tech-savvy professional and a social media enthusiast with experience using WeChat and Weibo, we would like to meet you! 
 This job is for you if you are confident with digital technology, and you know the latest trends in social media and best practice like the back of your hand. We are looking for an experienced commercial community and social media manager with knowledge in Chinese market and trends. 
 We are looking for a Chinese native fluent in English or Spanish that can work fully remotely. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. L. Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 months ago 
 Crypto Video Infographic Presentation 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Creating a video infographic presentation with duration within 3 minutes related to Blockchain Industry with appropriate presentation skills such as Content Organisation and Story Telling. Basic understanding of Chinese Language and Interpretation Skill are necessary. 
Note: Deadline is on 11/10/2020 (Sunday) by 9pm night. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 Published by:  W. F. Last reply: 3 months ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 Finance Admin 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 3 
 We’re a fast-growing company who is looking to hire a Finance Admin with basic accounting skills who is proficient in English and Chinese. You are: 
 NOT residing in China 
A fast learner and self-motivated individual 
Highly IT savvy and always connected via computer or mobile 
A female between 20-40 years of age 
Proficient in using Google docs, Google Mail, Google spreadsheet and other work applications. 
Passionate about Admin roles and able to make calls overseas via Skype or WhatsApp 
 Kindly apply only if you are available to work 4-6 hours a day during Singapore daytime hours. 
 The starting rate would be 4-6 USD an hour. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. K. Last reply: 4 months ago  Singapore 
 Less than USD 50 
 7 months ago 
 Data entry and admin 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 5 
 Searching information from the web. Input those information into Excel and Word 
Finally, create a letters from those information with a standard word template 
The person don't need any experience. Just be careful and attention to detail. 
 A basic microsoft word and excel with knowledge of Chinese and English can be able to handle 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Data entry 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 8 months ago 
 Customer service agent - Chinese speaker 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a customer service agent to help process online applications from Chinese customers. Communication with the customers will happen mostly over e-mail so written skills are a must. Fluency in Mandarin is required 
Preference for applications coming from Singapore (not a must) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. M. Singapore 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 9 months ago 
 Asprasi Assist Email Chinese 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I need an urgent translation a marketing email from English to Mandarin. 
The email is in a picture format in standard english. Need standard professional Mandarin. 
 Thank you 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. R. Last reply: 9 months ago  Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 10 months ago 
 Long Term Bilingual Brand Designer Needed! 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 0 
 We are MotiMedia, a social enterprise which focuses on creating original content to spread the message of love and positivity, and aims to inspire and empower people to be the best version of themselves through storytelling. 
 On 19th September 2020, we will host our first ever event: MotiTalk: Macau 2020. During this event, success individuals and key opinion leaders across different fields will share their personal stories in the most emotionally engaging, authentic and impactful way possible. Combined with the use of visual, sound, and other stage effects, we aim to create an unforgettable, profound, and jaw-dropping experience for our audience, inspiring them to be the best version of themselves. 
 We will also broadcast the event online and use the power content captured before and during the show, to impact many more people around the world. 
 We are looking to hire an awesome designer or a creative agency, fluent in both Chinese and English, who can help us enhance and develop our existing Moti, MotiMedia, and MotiTalk brand, to establish the key branded assets for all other subsidies brand entities, and to design all necessary material for the MotiTalk: Macau 2020 event. 
 Please take a look at our event presentation to learn more about our event: 
 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DNqRQP4uBS039SmZqHTqSjHPXO7fViY3/view?usp=sharing 
 Here is our Moti Brand Architecture, so you can understand what each brand represent, and their relationships: 
 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UemjqP44bPsLzUKnrqA1Oz_EIjutkmIk/view?usp=sharing 
 Here is the list of tentative items which requires design: 
 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KwHSaGX11R1diraOLT7csIzltrU6tDUE/view?usp=sharing 
 If you are interested in this project, please submit your 
- A design portfolio, 
- A detailed quotation 
- A sample poster designer for the MotiTalk: Macau 2020 Event 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Y. Hong Kong 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
