Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Ways to Talk Politics at Work 
 Jeff Maehre    29th July    Communication   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Ways%20to%20Talk%20Politics%20at%20Work%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fpolitics-at-work%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Don’t hug a boa constrictor” is absolutely  good advice  that you should always take. 
 “Pull the rip cord” is also solid guidance. 
 “Don’t talk politics at work” is pretty good advice in some ways. 
 Yet, democratic nations pride themselves on affording freedoms, including the freedom to express oneself. 
 Having and voicing viewpoints can develop richer  workplace relationships  that will lead to some solid collaborations. 
 Or, maybe talking politics on the job is just inevitable. Here are some tips for expressing honest opinions in a way that will help you avoid trouble and offending your peers. 
 1. There’s No “I” in “Issue” 
 Well, perhaps “I” is the first letter in the word “issue.” But all too often people make political issues about their own preferences or  feelings . 
 You’ve heard people say, “Well,  Iiiiii think…”  and then discuss the issue in terms of what offends them or rankles them, etc. What about talking about issues in terms of fairness, economic effects, some close-to-universal values if at all possible? 
 This makes you seem less self-interested and motivated by selfish interests, and should, therefore, defuse tensions before they build. 
 2. Acknowledge Differences 
 Smiling and saying, “Now I know we disagree on this, Richard,” can help a lot. 
 Use this tactic as opposed to gleefully telling Richard you’ve really got him this time or that you know his stupid socialist ideas are going to love such-and-such. 
 If you make it about expressing views rather than winning,  HR  can’t fire you. 
 3. Get to Work 
 This one is so obvious it may slip through the cracks. University of New Haven professor  Stuart Sidle  brings us down to earth with a very pragmatic tip — be sure the work is getting done. 
 That will cause your political discussions to be suitably brief, not sprawling into long, drawn out messes. 
 4. Don’t Assume Agreement 
 Have you ever been embarrassed by someone uncorking some really extreme political viewpoint as though it were just obvious you were going to agree? Don’t be that  embarrassing person . 
 While you don’t want to be too pointed about asking someone’s political beliefs, never talk to a person as though you’re at a gathering of a political party or some other safe-house of like-minded individuals. 
 Instead of, “People need to learn that greed doesn’t give us a right to destroy the planet,” try something like “I can see both sides, I just tend to value conservation more.” 
 This can allow for agreement if your conversation partner feels the same way, and it paves the way for a disagreement — you’ve said that you happen to feel a certain way, not that you’re  right . You’re implying other people feel differently. 
 5. Be Serious 
 Discussing politics and making jokes are two different things. 
 While having a problem with the Affordable  Health  Care Act (to take the radical step of calling it by its correct name) based on sound reason should be acceptable — even if it’s a heated topic — making some joke, which usually has some insult in it, will get you in trouble. 
 That’s where you get into unprotected speech — you  can be disciplined  for harassment in that case. The way the First Amendment protects political speech at work (in general terms) is by preventing employers from firing you because they disagree with your politics. 
 It doesn’t create a free-for-all. It is there to protect well-meaning people, not cranks who want to make light of serious situations. 
 So: Feel free to talk politics, just wait until you get home to really let loose! 
 (   Photo   by svenwerk /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Communication (89) 
 
 
 human resources (20) 
 
 
 Office Life (61) 
 
 
 politics at work (1) 
 
 
 Work Life (62) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Jeff Maehre  |  Other Articles 
 Jeff Maehre is a fiction writer and freelance copywriter. His fiction has appeared in Story, The Northwest Review, Cutbank, and Phoebe; he often blogs and writes other copy about social media. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     3 Ways To Optimize Sales Rep Performance  
  _ _     5 Ways to Get Promoted at Work  
  _ _     Maximize Your Android Cell Phone Battery Life  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
