Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AMHSP Position - Hematologist Locum 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Medicine 
Competition No. - A100638566 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Hematology in partnership with Alberta Health Services, invites applications for a clinical hematologist locum to be based at the University of Alberta Hospital, covering the period from July, 2019 – June, 2020. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The Division of Hematology, consisting of 16 faculty members, provides clinical care for patients across the spectrum of benign and malignant hematologic disorders, and is actively involved in clinical research and the teaching of medical residents and students. 
 The successful candidate will be an MD (or equivalent) with certification in Internal Medicine, and eligibility for certification in Hematology, with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada. The candidate should also be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA). Responsibilities will include participation in ambulatory clinics at the University of Alberta Hospital/Kaye Edmonton Clinic and Cross Cancer Institute, with an emphasis on malignant hematology. There may also be limited inpatient attending duties with associated night and weekend call. Remuneration for this position will be on a fee-for-service schedule. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications and experience along with three letters of reference. 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT 
 Dr. Joseph Brandwein 
 Director, Division of Hematology 
 11350 – 83 Avenue, Suite 4-112 CSB, Edmonton, AB T6G 2G3 
 Ph: 780-407-7482 E-mail: jbrandwe@ualberta.ca 
 The competition will remain open until the position is filled. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services are committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
