Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receptionist 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Receptionist performs a variety of accounting functions, clerical and receptionist duties associated with the daily operation of an effective business office. 
 The responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to: 
 Answer telephone, greet visitors, and receive routine inquiries in person and by phone, relaying calls and messages to the appropriate personnel; 
Process accounts payable including verifying totals and coding as required; 
Process accounts receivables including verifying totals; 
Process daily bank deposits for resident accounts receivable accounts; 
Maintain departmental files and records, including correspondence, forms, and routine office records and reports; 
Receive incoming mail and co-ordinate distribution, and process outgoing mail. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Completion of secondary school or equivalent; 
Good knowledge of Business English office procedures. Elementary Bookkeeping and experience in handling cash. Previous satisfactory experience in the routine operation of a Business Office. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
