Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operator Technician 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Belleville, ON, Canada Req #284 
Monday, July 27, 2020 
 Since the legalization of recreational Cannabis in October 2018, HEXO Corp has experienced incredible growth. As one of Canada’s top Cannabis companies, we continue to advance in this exciting new industry along with the incredibly talented people we have working on the team. 
 HEXO Corp creates globally trusted brands of easy-to-use and easy-to-understand cannabis products. HEXO Corp is a serious, business-oriented and socially responsible organization that is building dynamic teams of professionals that aren't afraid to step outside of their role, try new things and challenge the status quo. 
 If you are excited to take on a new challenge and are open to getting out of your comfort zone, we’re looking for people like you to join the HEXO Corp family. 
 Hexo is looking for Operator Technician to run and maintain equipment and assembly lines and processes and to monitor and check the product quality and document results in strict adherence to protocols in a discrete manufacturing environment. Technicians require a high degree of manual dexterity and the ability to operate factory machines, hand or power tools and use software to run computer-operated equipment and systems. 
 Key responsibilities: 
 Safety:  Know the manufacturing process in great detail, troubleshooting at an appropriate level and involving senior members of staff if/when not able to correct the problem. 
Follow strict internal protocols and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as following current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). 
 Quality:  Monitor and check the product quality and be responsible for identifying when the process is deviating from the norm and taking action to correct it. 
Maintain accurate and clear documentation that proves that manufacturing is being carried out in accordance with both internal and external quality systems or regulations. It is important that procedures are followed, but it is also important that it can be shown and proved that procedures were followed. 
Keep equipment in good working order by performing regular inspection, cleaning, servicing along with routine and preventative maintenance to make sure the machine or process never breaks down. 
 Execution:  Setting up and operating different equipment, running and monitoring the output of tools, a highly automated manufacturing cell or process. 
Regular review of the production schedule 
Routine operation of equipment including inspection, cleaning, and maintenance in accordance with operational instructions 
Working on or monitoring the output of a manual; semi-automated or an automated assembly line or assembly station. 
Keep maintenance logs for all of the equipment and processes which requires proficiency in word processing and spreadsheet software. 
Provide regular productivity reports, and incident reports if an accident occurs. 
Apply lean manufacturing principles to eliminate waste in the production process or apply six sigma to reduce output variation. 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
Attention to detail – there are often many steps involved in a process, must be familiar with the details of each. Must follow SOPs closely and must observe all features of the clean room environment thoroughly 
Alert – must be able to quickly identify when the manufacturing process is deviating from the norm 
Calm under pressure – must be able to confidently address problems if they arise, take appropriate action and involve others when needed 
Numerical skills – there can be formulas to follow and numerical factors to consider when following protocols and procedures 
Good communication skills – written skills are important to ensure clear documentation and verbal and listening skills are important to ensure efficient transfer of information between staff members (keeping in mind that these might be high-pressure situations when troubleshooting problems) 
Good computer skills – much of the documentation of manufacturing is done via computer systems – Ability to learn or use Navision. (NAV). 
Engineering Documentation – able to read and follow engineering documentation 
 HEXO Corp. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, veteran status, or genetic information and encourages applications from all minority groups. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
