
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Early career - public 
 Education to Employment - making the major move 
 The way you are treated and the way you are expected to behave will be markedly different between the world of academia and the world of work. This is not saying one is better than the other, but it is different. Sadly, there is no single culture for work which can be described. There may be little in common between a law firm and a call centre. 
 However, at the basic level there are some general practices: 
 Be there on time 
 Organisations acknowledge we all have problems occasionally getting to work. That is why formal disciplinary action is only taken after several occurrences of lateness. You do not want to get a reputation for being careless or thoughtless about time keeping. Managers may extrapolate this behaviour to your whole performance; it reflects on your attitude. 
 If you are late and your colleagues are getting there promptly, if is possible they will resent your tardiness. At work, relationships are key, so it is important other people do not think you are taking the mickey out of them. 
 If a bus service is unreliable, it is your responsibility to find an alternative way of getting to work. It isn’t always as simple as saying buy a car, as that may well not be financially viable but there are options. One may even be to change the start time but don’t rely on that one. 
 Rob Ball one of the founders of Work Horizons was HR Director of a large manufacturing operation. A member of his team came to him with a potential disciplinary case for lateness; three operators were frequently late. A straightforward situation in which the first line supervisor would carry out an investigation and probably issue a warning. The three all travelled to work together, and the complication was the driver of the car was the supervisor who would ordinarily have disciplined the guys! 
 Do not leave early or give the impression you are watching the clock 
 There is nothing wrong with going home on time. However, walking out spot on time if it means halting a conversation is rude and unprofessional. To avoid this, it has been seen call centre staff refusing to take calls from ten minutes before end of shift. Again, this behaviour is noticed and perhaps the people do not care. But if this is a career you want to pursue do you want the perception to be of someone looking for the easiest route out? 
 Relationships are absolutely fundamental to success 
 Look for ways to make a good impression with everyone, not just the bosses. Find ways to help and support colleagues. If you disagree with people find ways of doing so nicely or, if it is not really relevant, don’t tell them at all. 
 Managers like people who solve problems 
 The ability to do this will, to a large extent, relate to your experience. We can rarely start a new job and rectify issues. 
 Learn, learn and be seen to be learning. 
 You have been recruited for your potential, so make every effort to fulfil that possibility. 
 Accept you will make mistakes 
 We all make mistakes. However: 
 
 Avoid mistakes which are obviously avoidable 
 Ask questions, don’t make assumptions 
 Learn the lessons and do not repeat similar errors 
 Always behave in a manner which fits the vision and principles of the organisation 
 
 Become someone who is trusted 
 This comes in two parts: 
 
 Create a high level of confidence you will meet targets and deadlines. If you asked to deliver a report by Friday, ensure it is done. 
 True trust is built over an extended period and reflects the depth of connection between people. The management guru, Patrick Lencioni, calls it vulnerability trust. It is the trust which typically makes a marriage work, or if it disappears makes it fail. 
 
 Learn to communicate 
 Talking too much is a failure of communication. You need to: 
 
 Transmit information effectively, whether that is face-to-face or using any media 
 Listen carefully and make sure others are paying attention 
 Ensure understanding. Ask and encourage questions. 
 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
