Teach Taught Taught 
 A blog about learning English 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 IELTS 
 English courses 
 Teaching Ideas 
 Get in touch! 
 
 Tag Archives: job interview 
 2 
 Useful English: how to succeed in a job interview 
 April 16, 2014  |  Deb 
 If you have  a   job interview in English  lined up, you might want to give this post a read. I'm going to present some language that you can use to answer the most common questions  interviewers  usually ask. 
 As an  interviewee  , you're likely to be asked the four following questions: 
 What are your strengths? 
 Here are some expressions/words that you might want to use to address this question: 
 
 I 'm good at + doing something : I'm good at planning /  dealing with  people; 
 I 'm good with + something : I'm good with numbers; 
 People say I 'm.. : people say I'm very hard-working; 
 I 've often been praised for + skills / doing something : I've often been praised for my organisational skills / being always on time; 
 My  time management  is excellent; 
 I'm  reliable  ; 
 to cope with something  : I can cope with stressful situations; 
 to strive + to do something  : I always strive to meet deadlines / achieve my goals; 
 I 'm particularly proud of + skills : I'm particularly proud of my ability to deal with multiple tasks; 
 
 What are your weaknesses? 
 
 I find it difficult + to-infinitive:  I find it difficult to say 'no'; 
 I  struggle with + someone/ something / doing something:  I  sometimes  struggle with people who don't work hard / prioritising; 
 I  have trouble + doing something:  I  occasionally  have trouble **** prioritising tasks; 
 I used to + infinitive but now:  I used to  have difficulties in  prioritising* but I have now learnt ..; 
 
 > >>  I'd suggest that you use adverbs like 'sometimes' or 'occasionally' in your response to make your answer sound 'less negative'. Also by using '  I used to + infinitive  ' you're underlining that you've worked on your weakness and finally overcome it. 
 *Notice the structure: to have difficulties in + do  ing  something. 
 Tell me about your experience/ your current job. 
 
 to be in charge of: a  s a  Sales Director, I'm in charge of strategic planning; 
 to be responsible for  : as a Sales Director, I'm responsible for strategic planning; 
 to lead a team:  I lead a team of five people; 
 my main duties include + (doing) something:  my main duties include strategic planning and setting targets etc; 
 my field is  + sector/ science / industry: my field is human resource / psychology ..; 
 
 What made you apply for this job? 
 
 I think this job is a  perfect match for my skills 
 I think this job would  suit me  because… 
 I want to  bring my career to the next level 
 I think it would be both  challenging  and  rewarding 
 My aim is to become XXXX in five years time; 
 I 'd like to  move on in my career  as a Sales Director and this looks like an excellent opportunity; 
 
 Grammar you need to revise 
 Make sure you revise the following grammar before your interview: 
 
 Present Perfect  : I have worked in my current job  for  12 years /  since  2002*; 
 Past Simple  : I worked for 5 years in marketing before starting working for XXX; 
 Present Perfect Continuous  : (lately) I have been working on a very important project..; 
 2nd Conditional  : If I was offered the job, I'd be able to start in a month (using the 2nd conditional makes you sound less pretentious 🙂 
 
 *for+ period of time (two days, three months, five hours) 
since+ point in time (2010, April, Tuesday, five o'clock) 
 Hope this helps and good luck 🙂 
Deb 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 Pocket 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Advanced   Intermediate   Vocabulary   job interview 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Keep me posted! 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Cute verbs 
 Teaching vocabulary using scales (lesson plan) 
 Tips on how to improve your English 
 How to talk about what you like and dislike 
 Do not translate, please! 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 July 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Advanced 
 Beginner 
 Grammar 
 Intermediate 
 Pronunciation 
 Uncategorized 
 Vocabulary 
 
 Tags 
 adjectives   advanced   adverbs   ask for directions   bad & badly   break up   British pronunciation   Business English   common mistakes   compound adjectives   dictionary   dislike   do   dump someone   esl mistakes   ever   feelings   food   future   future perfect   gerund   get   glottal stop   going to   hard   hardly   hardly ever   I could do with   idioms   I do like it   if   if only   informal english   ish   i wish   job interview   learn new words   like   London   looking for a job   make requests   minimal pairs   natural english   newborn   parenting   past perfect   past simple   past tenses   phone language   Phrasal verbs   piss   point   prepositions   present continous   present perfect   pronunciation   pronunciation rules   questions   Received Pronunciation   renting   schwa   sevenish   silent r   slang   split up   suffixes   tenses   that will do   UK slang   unlikely event   vocabulary   well   whether   will   would rather 
 Follow Teach Taught Taught on WordPress.com 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
