Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Care Advisor 
 Rolex Boutique - Raffi Jewellers 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Rolex Boutique | Raffi Jewellers, Mississauga is currently seeking enthusiastic Client Advisors for their luxury retail location. As a Raffi Client Care Advisor, you will engage with clients and deliver an outstanding experience. A strong background in client relations and exceptional communication skills will ensure success in this role. A Client Care Advisor will serve on the Front Office Team, responding to a wide variety of client requests by accurately assessing the client needs to achieve maximum client satisfaction. Optimizing client satisfaction is the single most important function. 
 Grow in your career and community, continuously learn, and share your passion for watches. Proud to be an Authorized Retailer and Jeweller in the GTA, Mississauga and surrounding regions of Rolex, Tudor, Raffi Fine Diamond Jewellery and Fine Accessories. 
 Excellence at Raffi Jewellers 
 Raffi Jewellers, Ontario’s trusted luxury retailer and brand, has been specializing in fine watches and jewellery for generations. We are proud to be part of the worldwide network of Official Rolex Retailers, allowed to sell and maintain Rolex watches. Our expertise and exceptional customer service have earned us enduring relationships and we are honoured to continue exceeding expectations for second and third generations of Raffi customers. 
 Our Philosophy 
 Our deep-rooted belief in customer service excellence is at the foundation of Raffi Jewellers — encompassing our brand’s entire philosophy — and is something we stand by every single day. Raffi Jewellers is committed to consistently providing clients with an authentic and memorable experience based on our philosophy of Excellence, assuring only the highest standards of quality, attention, and care. 
 Join us in creating the Raffi Excellence experience! 
 Raffi Jewellers promotes a culture of diversity and inclusion and believes strongly in offering positive experiences for both personal and professional development. Join our team and be exposed to innovative training, teamwork, respect, and most importantly a true sense of belonging and community. We offer both extrinsic and intrinsic industry-leading compensation. Packages include but are not limited to commission-based earnings, benefits, attractive incentives, recognition awards, continuous certified training and leadership development opportunities. 
 Client Care Advisor - Main Responsibilities include: 
 
 Actively approach, engage with and assist customers, keeping the Raffi Jewellers customer  Excellence  philosophy in mind 
 Answer digital, phone and in person enquiries regarding offered services and products 
 Greet clients and ensure their individual needs have been addressed 
 Direct and seat clients to the appropriate department 
 Arrange client appointments for sales and after-care service 
 Operate alone and collaboratively to achieve individual and team-based objectives and performance goals 
 Collaborate with sales team, administrative team and specified departments 
 Foster an environment where clients are always at the forefront, ensuring customer satisfaction and retention 
 Perform other duties as assigned 
 
 We’d love to hear from people with: 
 
 Completion of a two-year apprenticeship program, or a college program in front desk operations or hotel management is an asset 
 Minimum of 1 year of experience, ideally in the luxury retail, and or fine hospitality industry 
 Lifelong learners with strong critical thinking skills and excellent time management 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, changing environment 
 Strong communication, interpersonal and intercultural skills 
 
 Please apply via email and include a copy of your résumé and cover letter. 
 Raffi Jewellers is committed to building and fostering a diverse workforce reflective of Canada’s multicultural landscape. We promote employment equity and encourage candidates who may contribute to the diversification of our workforce to apply. 
We are committed to fostering a workplace of inclusion and welcome all applicants. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
