Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Analyst 
 Neo Financial 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 At Neo, we empower people to get the most out of their money and time. We're a tech company reimagining everyday banking from the ground up to create rewarding experiences and build community for all Canadians. We're looking for passionate go-getters who want to move fast and create a lasting impact. 
 Neo Financial is looking for a full-time Financial Analyst to join our team in Calgary. Our finance team is more than just your average group of number crunchers with their heads down in data. They see the big picture and are all about growth opportunities, knocking down business barriers, and building a future in the fintech world. Make your mark with transformative products and technologies, alongside some of Canada’s most successful business leaders and tech minds. 
 What you 'll be doing: 
Reconcile the credit card ledger, merchant ledger, rewards ledger and deposit ledger 
Investigate unreconciled items and work with the appropriate internal Neo teams to ensure resolution 
Manage the day-to-day accounting, including accounts payables 
Track actual and forecasted cash flows for the organization 
Assisting in Financial Statement preparation 
Administering payroll and benefits processing, including handling confidential information 
Aiding in grant, funding and tax reporting 
Performing general office management 
Helping with startup operations, budgeting, and performance management reporting 
 Who we 're looking for: 
At least two years of accounting experience at a Big 4 firm, consulting, or finance 
Current enrolment in the CPA program or interest in pursuing a designation 
Comfort in a fast pace environment 
History with handling confidential information 
Detail oriented 
Comfortable with deadlines 
Experience with QuickBooks is an asset 
 What it’s like to work with us: 
At Neo, you’ll be working with industry-leading technology that changes the way we live and realize a better financial future. It’s a serious deal, but that doesn’t mean we don’t know a thing or two about having fun. Our entrepreneurial environment gets our adrenaline pumping and beats the regular 9-5 job. We’re in it together, always. Gain hands-on experience and be part of the future. 
 About applying with Neo: 
Please apply using Chrome, as applications are only supported using Chrome on desktop. 
 Neo Financial is an equal opportunity employer. We are excited to meet with and hire the top talent out there. We appreciate your interest in working with us; however, only those applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. Successful candidates for this position will be required to undergo a security screening, including a criminal records check and may require a credit check. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
