  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Tangmere 
 Rate:  Market related 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 QHSE Administrator - Tangmere 
 QHSE Administrator 
 FTC 6 Months, with possibility to extend 
 Tangmere, Chichester 
 Our client, a leading provider of life science solutions, are now looking for a strong QHSE Administrator to join their team on site in Tangmere on a prestigious project for a fixed term contract of 6 months that could well be extended further on a rolling basis. 
 The Benefits 
 - Salary competetive 
 - Excellent benefits 
 The Role 
 
 Responsible for Quality Management, processes and procedures for the Lab and Admin site 
 Must be a driver with own car 
 Enable the testing process to be seamless, ensure that the test subjects experience is pleasant and managed in a professional way. 
 Managing manuals, QM reports, signage etc 
 Assist in ensuring procedures are seamless and easy to understand for all team member and public 
 Previous QHSE experience required, preferably in a secure Laboratory situation. 
 This role is on shift pattern, a full-time contract basis for a fixed period of 6 months, with the possibility of further extensions. 
 
 This is an excellent opportunity to be part of a brand-new Support and Administrative team working on an exciting and new project. 
 This role is  a full-time contract basis for a fixed period of 6 months, with the possibility of further extensions. 
 If you feel you have the right experience and skills, please apply with your CV and a member of our team will get back to you. 
 
 
 Rate:  Market related 
 
 
 Location:  Tangmere 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 
 Contact:  Vanessa Barnes 
 
 
 Tel:  0203 750 0575 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  VHB00224 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-03 18:38:07 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 Outsourcing Junior 
 Outsourcing Client Manager  
 Audit Senior  
 Sample Reception & Sample Handling Assistant -Tangmere 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant - Gatwick Airport 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant- Hull 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant 
 Warehouse Site Operative Lead - Stansted  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Deeside  
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operative Lead - Stansted Airport  
 Laboratory Technician - Gatwick Airport  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Gatwick  
 Operational Scientific Lead- Manchester 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Gatwick 
 Site Operative Operative - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Tangmere 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Deeside 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Exeter 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
