Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Coordinator, Medical Equipment 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1685 Tech Ave, Mississauga, Ontario, L4W 0A7 
 Take ownership and find more ways to care about our local store owners in a career at Shoppers Drug Mart Central Office / Store Support. Provide great service, specific expertise and actionable advice to support Associate-Owners and their staff in delivering the best health, beauty and convenience services to Canadians. 
 Why this role is important? 
 Senior Coordinator, Medical Equipment 
 Location:  Mississauga, ON 
 Specialty Health Network (or SHN, as we call ourselves) is a growing division of Shoppers Drug Mart, with a strong entrepreneurial spirit. We pride ourselves in having an awesome work culture and fun environment! We offer competitive salaries, a great benefit package, Shoppers Drug Mart discount, Goodlife gym discount, RRSP/Pension plans, Employee share ownership plan, professional training and development and many more perks! 
 Shoppers Drug Mart was acquired by Loblaw in 2014, the largest employer in Canada – making your career opportunities within our larger organization - endless! 
 Basic Function 
 The Senior Coordinator, Medical Equipment is responsible for monitoring and overseeing all clinic related equipment, including, but not limited to the SHN fleet of pumps for clinic, home infusion, patient support programs and external partners. The Senior Coordinator is an important member of the health care team that is responsible for the issuing, programming and calibration, replacing and returning of all pumps and medical equipment for patient use. The Senior Coordinator will ensure that proper preventative maintenance for all medical equipment and pumps is adhered to at all times and coordinate all maintenance activities ensuring that each device in use is within the manufacturer warranty period and service dates. This position will work in collaboration with the SHN internal team to ensure contracts for the corrective and preventative maintenance of this equipment are secured as applicable. The Senior Coordinator will also assist with pharmacy and dispensary duties to support the SHN internal team. 
 Nature and Scope 
 The Senior Coordinator, Medical Equipment will work closely with SHN nursing and pharmacy teams to ensure that patients, pharmacies and clinics are properly stocked with well-functioning equipment. The Senior Coordinator, Medical Equipment will work closely with approved, qualified vendors, to ensure that maintenance activities and services on all the equipment are conducted in a timely manner, and any corrective action required (repairs, replacements) will be actioned to ensure safety to our patients and staff. 
 What you will do: 
Issue and program pumps as directed by the nursing and pharmacy teams adhering to all SHN SOPs and ROPs 
Ensure that all smart pumps in circulation are updated with the revised drug library 
Work with patients to ensure that pumps in the home are replaced as required in the event of pump failures and for scheduled maintenance 
Actively maintain appropriate inventory levels of pumps in all pertinent SHN locations 
Develop and maintain a comprehensive list of all equipment and services required for all SHN locations 
Develop and maintain accurate data to capture scheduled service maintenance dates for each type of service/equipment, based on agreed standards 
Coordinate with the SHN internal team on any preventative contract needs or upgrades 
Proactively communicate with all vendors to ensure that scheduled services are completed by the specified due dates 
Create “work orders” and issue to vendors to complete scheduled Preventative Maintenance work ensuring that all equipment is functioning as per the specified guidelines 
Follow up with vendors and clinical staff at each SHN location to ensure that the scheduled work was completed in a satisfactory manner 
Manage and collect all completed work order from vendors 
Maintain and update inventory management for any new medical equipment/pumps received, and assign asset tags 
Complete work order sheets on each medical device as per Standard Operating Procedures. 
Continuously assess medical equipment in circulation for service status, and ensure that replacement equipment is shipped out to patients/nurses or clinic settings to maintain “in service” status 
Coordinate the return of all medical equipment and schedule maintenance work to be carried out 
Ensure data integrity and update the “pump tracker” and all other “medical trackers” with all activities, so that each device could be successfully traced back to a patient / vendor/nurse or clinic setting 
Assist with pharmacy and dispensary duties including processing prescriptions, managing inventory, coordinating medication deliveries and handling pharmacy inquires 
 What you will need: 
Minimum College degree required 
3 to 5 years’ experience in the management of biomedical devices and equipment is an asset 
Ability to function in an atmosphere of constant change with detailed accuracy in a multi-site, matrix environment 
Ability to quickly grasp and apply policies and procedures related to equipment, services 
Proficient with MS Office applications including Excel, and Word and the ability to learn and apply new computer programs quickly 
Ability to establish and maintain working relationships with staff at all levels including Call Centre, nursing, warehouse staff, Pharmacy, QA , IT and Finance 
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written 
Possession of good documentation skills as necessitated by regulatory agencies and internal policy 
Maintain a high level of integrity while balancing multiple priorities and responsibilities 
The schedule may include some weekends; over-time may also be required 
Prior Preventative Maintenance experience preferred 
Previous Inventory management system experience is considered an asset 
 #LI-KM1 
 Why work at Shoppers Drug Mart? 
 Acting as consultants, supporting internal customers and the Associate-Owners, you will get experience unique to the retail industry while working for an award-winning national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your work, co-workers, customers and community. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. , we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
