
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Moxion Power Co. (W21) 
 Next Generation Mobile Power 
 Senior Mechanical Engineer 
 
 Location 
 Richmond, CA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Moxion Power Co. 
 Moxion Power is the first battery-electric genset manufacturer and all-electric equipment rental business, serving customers in the $93B global construction equipment rental industry. Moxion’s debut product, the MP70, is the first 100% electric "genset". Our battery gensets will have the same dimensions, run-times, and performance capabilities as traditional trailer and skid mounted diesel generators, with the added benefits of being clean, perfectly-quiet, and offering superior load flexibility. Moxion's logistics team will remotely monitor our rental units and provide charging & swapping services, so our customers never have to worry about running out of power. We just completed our design and engineering work for the first prototype. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  CAD Design 
 The Sr. Mechanical Engineer will tackle some of the most difficult engineering challenges in electrification and continuously push beyond what was deemed impossible in mobile power systems. The candidate needs to be a hands-on engineer that enjoys not only designing products but building them as well. The position requires utilization of skills across many disciplines and is for the individual that enjoys a broad scope focusing on critical processes in a highly entrepreneurial environment. Competitive compensation will be offered. 
 Technology 
 Moxion is a hardware technology company. It is building the first and novel battery electric genset and equipment rental business run entirely on software. In the future, our all electric equipment that we build for the commercial and industrial markets will arrive on location autonomously. 
 Other jobs at Moxion Power Co. 
 Senior Manufacturing Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Richmond, CA 
 Hardware 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 3+ years 
 Senior Mechanical Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Richmond, CA / Remote 
 Mechanical 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
