Skip to the content 
 Search 
 Ayah Mufleh 
 Founder of Ishimmer Lashes 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Search 
 Search for: Close search 
 Close Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Tag: joblogger 
 Categories 
 Cosmetics Guide, the best for you. 
 Baking -- yeah, make-up baking 
 
 Post author By  Ayah Mufleh 
 Post date  April 9, 2018 
 No Comments on Baking -- yeah, make-up baking 
 
 We can never get enough of upcoming makeup trends and techniques. Contouring, Strobing and now Baking. I am sure you came across makeup baking over the internet, so what is it? and how do you do it? 
 Baking makeup has been popular in the drag community for years and is even used by Kim Kardashian’s makeup artist (Mario) . To “bake your makeup” means to let your concealer sit on your face for 10 to 20 minutes before blending it, so that your own body heat enables the makeup to melt into your skin and cause it to change color and texture. 
 Step one:  apply eye cream around the area to minimise caking. 
 Step two:  dab a thick, creamy concealer in a layer under the eyes and moving towards the temples, blending with a sponge. 
 Step three:  follow with a layer of another concealer, this time a brighter, lighter one, and pat in 
 Step four:  dust translucent powder over the concealed under-eye, to set. 
 Step five:  now that you’ve pre-concealed, you can bake. Dampen a sponge, dip it into more powder and with a suitably heavy-hand, apply a layer under the eyes 
 Step six:  wait for your face bake for anywhere between 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Step seven:  With a clean fluffy brush, dust away any excess from your under-eyes. 
 OR, 
 You can just forget about all the powder and pre concealing and just apply primer, foundation just like you regularly do, go with your normal makeup routing. apply your under-eye concealer in a sideways triangular shape while staying in the cheekbone area. let your concealer sit for at least 10 to 20 minutes. Use the time to line your lips, style your hair, or fill in your brows. Then Blend 🙂 
 
 Tags  #beamman ,  #makeup #contour #round #oval #faceshape #face #contouring #high ,  #middleeast ,  @amman ,  abudhabi ,  baking ,  blog ,  blogger ,  doha ,  dubai ,  jeddah ,  jo ,  joblogger ,  jordan ,  kuwait ,  makeup ,  online ,  qatar ,  read ,  riyadh ,  saudi ,  strobbing ,  strobing 
 
 
 Categories 
 Your Beauty Blog 
 Not Just Goth… 
 
 Post author By  Ayah Mufleh 
 Post date  March 18, 2015 
 No Comments on Not Just Goth… 
 
 Black Lipstick was not something you expected to see on a run way, party or a casual outing. Ever since Black Lipstick hit the runway the recurring trend kept coming. The secret to owning Black Lipstick is the way you paint it on and the makeup on your face, it can turn out pretty Scary.  
 You need to outline outside your lipline, because black lipstick tend to make your lips appear smaller. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Avoid the blush, you can just  stroke on a little bit of blush but you don't want to over do it. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Avoid dark eye shadows. 
 Keep the face light and you'll see how your skin and face will go quite beautifully with the lipstick. 
 
 I f you think the Black Lipstick is way too dark, makeup artist Lucia Pieroni filled in the lips with M.A.C. Lip Pencil in Currant and topped it off with M.A.C. Lipmix in Burgundy to add a blackened-cherry color. 
 
 Tags  addict ,  atrist ,  Beauty ,  beauty brands ,  beautyblender ,  beautybrands ,  beautytalk ,  beautytip ,  black ,  blacklipstick ,  blogger ,  blush ,  celebrities ,  cosmetics ,  countour ,  eyebrows ,  face ,  fashion ,  fashion diaries ,  fashiondiaries ,  follow ,  highlight ,  hollywood ,  instagram ,  instamakeup ,  ishimmer ,  joblogger ,  kylie jenner ,  kyliejenner ,  like ,  lips ,  Lipstick ,  look book ,  lookbook ,  love ,  MAC ,  mac cosmetics ,  makeup ,  makeup addict ,  makeup artist ,  makeup porn ,  makeupaddict ,  makeupdiraries ,  makeupporn ,  miranda kerr ,  mirandakerr ,  morning ,  mua ,  online ,  photography ,  products ,  Runway ,  sgbeauty ,  sgmakeup ,  todayimwearing ,  wakeup ,  wakeupandmakeup ,  website ,  wednesday 
 
 
 Categories 
 Your Beauty Blog 
 Just your Mascara !! 
 
 Post author By  Ayah Mufleh 
 Post date  March 15, 2015 
 No Comments on Just your Mascara !! 
 
 
 Mascara Marks. Every single time. How annoying? and who has the time to get a business card or a spoon to use as a guard? Don't worry, follow the steps below and the marks disappear, simple. 
 
 Close the eye that you are about to apply mascara to. 
 Raise the eyebrow of the closed eye. 
 Now wiggle the wand through the lashes from root to tip repeatedly. 
 Open the eye and gently stroke tip of lashes. 
 
 TOP Picks: 
 
 Eyeko Skinny Brush Mascara. 
 Sublime de Chanel Infinite Length and Curl Mascara. 
 Clinique High Impact Mascara. 
 Lancôme Hypnôse Doll Eyes Mascara 
 
 
 Tags  #makeup #contour #round #oval #faceshape #face #contouring #high ,  Beauty ,  beautyblog ,  blog ,  blogger ,  brands ,  chanel ,  clinique ,  comment ,  cosmetics ,  diaries ,  doll ,  dolleyes ,  eyeko ,  eyelashes ,  eyes ,  fashion ,  fashion blog ,  fashion blogger ,  fashion diaries ,  follow ,  igers ,  ishimmer ,  joblogger ,  lancome ,  lashes ,  like ,  makeup ,  makeup addict ,  makeup freak ,  makeup junkie ,  makeup porn ,  makeup tutorial ,  mascara ,  me ,  media ,  online ,  photography ,  sgbeauty ,  tutorial ,  tweegram ,  website 
 
 Ishimmer Brand 
 Head over to http://ishimmerlashes.com to shop our famous false lashes worn by A-list celebrities. 
 contact@ishimmerlashes.com 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Facebook Page 
 
 Facebook Page 
 
 FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM PAGE @ishimmer_ 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 (C) 2021  Ayah Mufleh 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 To the top ↑ Up ↑ 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
