Register 
 Sign In 
 
 
 
 Research 
 
 Latest Reports 
 Upcoming Reports 
 
 
 
 5THWAVE 
 
 Magazine 
 Podcast 
 
 
 
 Latest 
 
 Insight + Analysis 
 News 
 Podcast Episodes 
 Infographics 
 Videos 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 Global Coffee Network  
 UK Coffee Leader Summit 2021 (Virtual) 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Research 
 
 Latest Reports 
 Upcoming Reports 
 
 
 
 5thWave 
 
 Magazine 
 Podcast 
 
 
 
 Latest 
 
 Insight + Analysis 
 News 
 Podcast Episodes 
 Infographics 
 Videos 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 European Coffee Symposium 
 UK Coffee Leader Summit 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 6 November 2020 | 33 mins 
 
 Episode 4: Championing careers in the global coffee industry 
 Jeffrey Young is joined by three highly successful coffee entrepreneurs to learn their stories and the secrets of their success. 
 Tim Wendelboe, founder of Oslo-based roastery  Tim Wendelboe , reveals how his obsession with coffee quality and his unrelenting desire to learn have taken him far away from his cosy Oslo cafe and has landed him deep in the coffee fields of Latin America. 
 Elaine Swift, Regional Director (North) for  UCC Coffee , shares the management and leadership qualities that helped her grow First Choice Coffee from under £1 Million to over £100 Million in annual revenue. 
 Ross Quail, Sales Director South Asia for  Hemro International , demonstrates how his burning drive for continuous professional growth helped him turn  St Ali , a popular Melbourne cafe roasting 100kg a week into one of Australia's largest, roasting up to 10 tonnes per week. 
 Credits music:  "Buzzed" by Trevor Wesley , participant of the  Coffee Music Project . 
 Guests 
 Elaine Swift 
 Regional Director (North), UCC Coffee 
 Elaine Swift is one of the most influential women in the coffee industry. During her 20+ years in the industry, Swift has been integral to the development of UCC Coffee UK & Ireland. She oversees 700 talented employees and is the driving force for the business across Northern Europe. 
 Ross Quail 
 South Asia Sales Director, Hemro International 
 A coffee professional with a career spanning 20+ years, Quail has worked as a barista, roaster, green coffee buyer, and was part owner of Sensory lab and St Ali in Melbourne, Australia. More recently, Quail worked as the Sales Director for Slayer Espresso for Asia Pacific. 
 Tim Wendelboe 
 Founder, Tim Wendelboe 
 Tim Wendelboe runs his own roastery and espresso bar in Oslo, Norway where he imports, roast and serve high quality coffees. As well as winning eight Nordic Roaster Competitions with his team, he was the 2004 World Barista Champion and the 2005 World Cup Tasting Champion. 
 
 Up Next 
 [ An exploration of how a coffee bean gets from a farm into our daily cup 
 Episode 5 
 The business of green coffee 
 19 November 2020 | 32 mins 
 Featuring guests Stephen Hurst of Mercanta, Pablo Garcia of Neumann Gruppe, and Ricardo Pereira of Ally Coffee 
 ](/5THWAVE/Podcast/2020/The-Business-of-Green-Coffee) [ Ross Quail on the long-term impact of Covid on the Australian café market and the future of espresso 
 Bonus 
 An unrelenting focus on personal growth - with Ross Quail 
 26 November 2020 | 34 mins 
 Featuring guests Ross Quail, Sales Director South Asia for Hemro International 
 ](/5THWAVE/Podcast/2020/An-unrelenting-focus-on-personal-growth-with-Ross) [ Opportunities and insights from the second largest coffee consuming country in the world 
 Episode 6 
 Spotlight on Brazil 
 4 December 2020 | 29 mins 
 Featuring guests Caio Alonso Fontes of Café Editora, Marco Suplicy of Suplicy Cafés and Henrique Cambraia of Cambraia Cafés 
 ](/5THWAVE/Podcast/2020/Spotlight-on-Brazil) [ Insights on scaling a specialty coffee business with the founder and CEO of Grind 
 Bonus 
 Scaling from one, to two, to four and beyond – with David Abrahamovitch 
 11 December 2020 | 33 mins 
 Featuring guests David Abrahamovitch, CEO and Founder of Grind 
 ](/5THWAVE/Podcast/2020/Scaling-from-one,-to-two,-to-four-and-beyond-–-a-c) 
 All Episodes 
 Quick Links 
 Research   Features   Events   Contact   Careers in coffee   Privacy policy 
 Location 
 Serendipity House 
106 Arlington Road 
London 
NW1 7HP 
UK 
 Contact 
 +44(0)20 7691 8800   info@worldcoffeeportal.com 
     
 Stay in touch 
 Sign-up to our Newsletter to be the first to receive updates. 
 Registered in England. Company No. 8736608 
 (C) 2021 World Coffee Portal Ltd. 
