  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Dorset, England 
 Rate:  £16 - £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Planning Officer 
 A Local Authority Based in Dorset in looking for a Planning Officer to join their team. 
 This is full time, temporary position and the ideal candidate will have extensive experience in a similar role and be qualified in a planning related degree for example: town planning/urban planning. 
 The purpose of the role is to deal with a caseload of mainly minor residential, commercial and agricultural planning applications, circa 40 - 60 applications. 
 This role will be principally homeworking with the exception of site visits so the ideal candidate must have the ability to work from home and possess their own vehicle suitable for site visits. 
 Previous experience of using Acolaid and/or Mastergov would be preferable. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with this role and as such are offering between £16 - £18 p/hour Umbrella Ltd (approx. 
 £420 - £470 p/week NET after deductions) dependant on experience and qualifications. 
 So if this position sounds of interest, email a copy of your up to date CV to james.glover@servicecare.org.uk or call James at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £16 - £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 
 
 Location:  Dorset, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-29 11:41:30 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
