Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 START HERE 
 Make Money Online
 
 Littlemama’s Money Making Guide 
 The Best Way On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 21 Best Ways To Earn Extra Money From Home Online, No Scams! 
 How to Make Money With No Money with Amazon For Beginners 
 How to Make Money With No Money Online: Step-By-Step Guide 
 More How To’s Here… 
 
 
 Make Money With Affiliate Marketing
 
 Littlemama’s Affiliate Marketing Guide 
 Best Affiliate Marketing Training to Sign Up: $40K Results Prove It! 
 7 Factors to Consider When Starting an Affiliate Marketing Business 
 What Is The Difference Between MLM and Affiliate Marketing? 
 Beginner’s Guide: How To Use Affiliate Marketing With A Blog 
 Why Affiliate Marketing Is Better Over Other Make Money Online Opportunities 
 How To Use Affiliate Marketing Programs To Monetize Your Blog 
 Where Can Beginners Get a Free Website for Affiliate Marketing? 
 More on Affiliate Marketing Here… 
 
 
 Make Money Blogging
 
 Littlemama’s Blogging Money Making Guide 
 How To Start Blogging For Income For Beginners 
 Your Quick Guide: How to Start Blogging for Beginners 
 Learn How To Earn Money Blogging & Make $906/Day Like Me! 
 How to Get Paid to Write Articles Online and Work From Home 
 How To Create A Blog With WordPress Step By Step Simple Guide 
 How To Create A Blog For Free In Less Than A Minute 
 Best Way To Learn How To Blog 
 A Step-By-Step Guide on How to Start a Travel Blog and Get Paid 
 7 Tips On How To Get A Higher Ranking On Google For Your Blog 
 9 Tips On How To Write Great Blog Posts For Affiliate Marketing 
 How To Work From Home With A Blog And Make Money From It 
 More Blogging Tips… 
 
 
 Site Info
 
 Best Tools I Use 
& Recommend 
 Private 1-on-1 Consultation 
 Contact 
 About 
 Disclosure 
 Privacy Policy 
 Earnings Disclaimer 
 
 
 
 Online Teaching Job Opportunities You Can Create Yourself! 
 January 25, 2019November 23, 2018 by  Grace aka littlemama 
 This post may contain affiliate links for more info visit my disclosure  page. 
 When people think of teaching jobs, the first thing that likely comes to their mind is an instructor in a traditional school setting. 
 However, more and more learners are shifting towards online learning environments. 
 This action is possible thanks to tech advances and the great internet. 
 Hence, instead of looking for online teaching job opportunities, you can really create these opportunities on your own! 
 I will show you what this entails in the following sections: 
 
 How You Can Create Your Own Teaching Job Opportunities 
 What Will You Teach? 
 Benefits Of Creating Your Own Teaching Job Opportunities 
 Teach Like Me, Another Option 
 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Money Online, 
 Check Out My Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 HOW YOU CAN CREATE YOUR OWN TEACHING JOB OPPORTUNITIES? 
 
 Let’s face it, working from home is a dream so many wish to have and it’s so possible with the internet these days. 
 The research from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that 24% of employees did some or all of their work from home in 2015. The same study revealed that that number grew from just 19% in 2003. 
 While the jump might not seem significant, it points toward telecommuting being on the rise. Therefore, corporations have online teaching job opportunities available but they are super hard to find and get hired. 
 Therefore, you need to be more proactive and create your own online teaching job opportunities by which ing what you already know. 
 There are tons of people doing it and making a great living out of it. 
 There are also platforms where you can build your courses on so you can easily sell them because they already have a marketplace where people flock to get educated on the topic they want to learn: 
 
 Udemy 
 Skillshare 
 
 The courses can be set to the price of your choice and you are in full control of what and how you’ll build out your course. 
 If you just go on those two platforms, you can already see samples of many different types of courses you can create in all different topics. 
 I believe they are free to sign up but they will take a percentage of your sales. 
 Even More Professional Courses 
 There are two other platforms where you can create your own courses that will have a lot more robust system where you can create course outlines, assignments, tests, polls, and a lot of other features that will elevate your course to another level. 
 The two are: 
 
 Teachable  – this one is very robust, you will have templates, and will many features to make your course look very professional and organized. You also have drip course option and many great tools to use as well. 
 CourseCraft  – this is a great starter one where you can create FREE courses to see how you like their platform before upgrading to a paid plan. 
 
 With all these options to build your own course, you will sure make your own online money in no time! 
 WHAT WILL YOU TEACH? 
 
 You will teach what you know of course! 
 Look, everyone knows something that someone else doesn’t. 
 You have that knowledge that you can share with the world so you should do it. You really have no idea how much you could be helping people by sharing what you know. 
 It doesn’t take that long to create a course, even at a small level, like you can start at the Udemy and Skillshare type of platform first. 
 Or go on there to learn how to create your own course! They have courses on there too for this exact thing: 
 
 For $11.99 a course, how could you go wrong? You can learn it very quickly and start to get a course online within a day or two. 
 There are so many topics on Udemy for example that you can teach from cooking to sewing to playing an instrument, to teaching people how to fish, you will have knowledge about something that someone else doesn’t know. 
 BENEFITS OF CREATING YOUR OWN ONLINE TEACHING JOB OPPORTUNITIES 
 
 The benefits are long if you want to do this long term as you’ll be reaping the benefits of having a  passive income . 
 Passive income is when you can earn over and over again without having do more work. Therefore, because your course is digital, you can sell it over and over again without doing more work on it. 
 The most you’ll do is a little updating to ensure your course is up to date in case things change but for the most part, if you’re doing a course that doesn’t need updating for a topic that won’t change often, then you’ll be earning truly passive income. 
 The other benefit is of course being your own boss and be able to make extra money from your home. You can also make this into a full time gig. 
 You could be reaching people that you never thought possible and impacting people around the world with what you can teach them. 
 It’s a feeling that I have been getting used to and find it amazing how many people my online business has impacted. 
 You’ll also benefit from being able to work on your own schedule so even if you have a full time job, you will be able to do this on your spare time to make some extra money. 
 TEACH LIKE ME, ANOTHER OPTION 
 
 There are definitely more options out there to be able to teach like the way I am teaching you how to create your own online course and make money from home on my website here. 
 You could also build a website like mine and teach people in this way by just writing these articles and sharing your knowledge about a topic you want to share with others. 
 I make a 4 digit online income from this and you can learn how to do this too by using the same exact training I used to build mine. 
 You can check it all out in  my free guide here : 
 
 I also offer free coaching services if you want to build this kind of business that I’m doing and you can find all the details in  my free guide  above. 
 With the vast internet these days, there are new opportunities for us to make money and if you don’t learn to expand your skills, you’ll be left in the dust and tied to a 9 to 5. 
 If you want to own your very own money making asset, then start building your future today! 
 CHECK OUT THE BEST AFFILIATE MARKETING TRAINING NOW! 
 If you have any questions or thoughts regarding online teaching job opportunities that you can create yourself or anything else, please do not hesitate to  leave me a comment below . I always reply to my readers! 🙂 
 Let’s make money online! 
 
 Categories  How To's ,  Making Money Online  Post navigation 
 Make Unlimited $130 Per Sale This Black Friday Weekend!  EXTENDED 
 How & Where To Learn About Affiliate Marketing For Free Online 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 
 Connect With Me 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 My journey to making money online & living the laptop life! 
Workanywherenow.com is a participant in the Amazon Services 
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed 
to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. 
 Privacy Policy |   Earnings Disclaimer |   Affiliate Disclosures. 
 © 2021 WorkAnywhereNow.com • Built with  GeneratePress 
 9shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 Scroll Up 
