
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  / Archives for tour guide jobs 
 Lead Tours and Excursions for Cruise Lines and Land Tour Companies 
 In our last blog we had the backdrop of the Eiffel Tower and the Coliseum out of the office window, but in this blog we continue our tour industry job search to the savannahs of Africa as well as around the world, and the sea on board cruise ships. With elephants, hippos and lions as […] 
 Filed Under:  Tour Guiding Jobs  Tagged With:  tour guide jobs ,  tour manager jobs ,  trravel jobs ,  work abroad 
 Discover The World With a Resort Club PR Job 
 When you think of working abroad for a tour operator, the first job that springs to mind is a holiday rep on a resort. While this is one of the most exhilarating jobs to do in another country - 24/7 contact with your guests, beautiful destinations, a high-paced social and work life - hotel resorts […] 
 Filed Under:  Resorts Jobs  Tagged With:  club pr jobs ,  europe resort jobs ,  resort jobs ,  tour guide jobs ,  work abroad 
 Working as a Tour Guide: An Easy Ride? 
 By Lucian Duggan Travel and get paid for it. Sounds like a dream job doesn't it? Yet is being a tour guide or other jobs in the tour industry really all play and no work? Our very own Lucian (me!) from Working Abroad Magazine has been there, done that and even waggled his flag above […] 
 Filed Under:  Tour Guiding Jobs  Tagged With:  dream job ,  tour guide jobs ,  travel jobs ,  working abroad 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
