Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Assembly and General Maintenance - Waterloo West 
 Canadian Tire 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you ready to join Canada's most-shopped general merchandise retailer, with over 500 stores from coast to coast? 
 Canadian Tire offers customers a unique mix of products and services through three specialty categories in which the organization is the market leader - automotive parts, accessories and service; sports and leisure products; and home products. 
 Canadian Tire offers competitive compensation packages including; benefits, potential for profit sharing, extensive training, and career opportunities from within and across the country at the Canadian Tire Retail stores. 
 Summary: 
The Product Assembler assembles products for customers and display purposes according to manufacturer's specifications, as required. Items to be assembled include gas grills, bicycles and exercise equipment, ready to assemble (RTA) furniture, lawn mowers, patio furniture, snow blowers, trailers, etc. 
 Main Responsibilities and Tasks: 
Assembles products as required. 
Resolves assembly problems to meet specifications, where applicable. 
Ensures all labour and parts claims are processed immediately. 
Orders missing or broken parts as required, in accordance with store guidelines. 
Ensures quality assurance by inspecting assembled products and ensuring they are built according to specifications and standards. 
Reports any defective products to supervisor. 
Performs product repairs, as required. 
Uses proper tools and equipment for the job at hand and is responsible for the care and maintenance of all assembly tools. 
Maintains a safe and clean working environment. 
 Requirements: 
Finger dexterity and figure aptitude. 
Proficient in using various hand tools (e.g., power screwdrivers, impact wrench and ratchets). 
Experience in a product assembler role and/or with Canadian Tire store is considered an asset. 
Strong orientation towards customer service excellence. 
Effective reading and oral communication skills. 
Ability to follow detailed instructions and to demonstrate responsibility for outcomes. 
Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment that provides assistance and support to co-workers to achieve common goals. 
Ability to adapt and cope with challenging and changing situations. 
Positive attitude, punctuality and solid work ethic. 
 More about the position: 
Potential Career Opportunities 
 Next levels:  Sales Associate, Cashier and Department Manager. 
Physical Demands and Working Conditions 
Standing/walking for 8 hours. 
Lifting and/or carrying of merchandise items, as required, on a regular, frequent and unassisted basis. Merchandise items may vary in weight from "light" to "heavy". 
Our offering includes 
Competitive compensation and benefit package 
Potential for Profit Sharing 
Employee Shopping Discounts 
Flexible work hours 
Learning and Development opportunities 
Scholarships 
Reward and Recognition Program 
A culture of performance & accountability 
A supportive and positive team environment 
 Background Check Requirements: 
As a condition of employment, this position may be subject to the successful completion of the following pre-employment conditions: 
Employment Verification 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
