Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Director 
 CASA Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Position Details:  0.4 FTE, Permanent 
 CASA Child, Adolescent and Family Mental Health is inviting applications for the Medical Director position within CASA. 
 CASA is a community provider of mental health services for infants, children, adolescents and their families located in Edmonton and serving central and northern Alberta. CASA has a large multidisciplinary clinical team which is comprised of child psychiatrists, pediatricians, psychologists, social workers, occupational therapists, speech and language pathologists and registered nurses. This team provides a full range of diagnostic and therapeutic interventions including psychopharmacology, individual and family therapy, parent education and support groups, filial play therapy and guided parent-child interaction. Programs range in intensity from residential to ambulatory care. The CASA Evaluation and Research team work with the clinical teams to support ongoing evaluation, quality improvements and research. 
 CASA is seeking a dynamic, visionary leader who will be supportive of all elements of the organization. The successful candidate will be an active advocate for CASA and will be collegial and consultative in his or her leadership to drive innovation and lead strategic growth initiatives. 
 The Medical Director provides leadership in a broad range of medical staff matters including human resources planning, recruitment and issues management. The incumbent will develop and nurture collaborative linkages within the University of Alberta and other community partners in order to facilitate the achievement of CASA’s goals. 
 Requirements: 
Licensed to practice psychiatry with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta 
 Member of or eligible for membership with the Canadian Academy of Child Psychiatry 
 Fellow of Royal College of Physicians of Canada, or equivalent, in specialty of Psychiatry 
 Holds or eligible to hold an academic appointment in the Division of Child Psychiatry within the University of Alberta 
 Membership in Canadian Medical Protective Association 
 Enjoys working in a community mental health model and supports its philosophy and approach 
 Demonstrates a collaborative multidisciplinary approach to service delivery 
 Enjoys working in a community mental health model and supports its philosophy and approach 
 Several years of supervisory experience working within a multidisciplinary senior leadership team 
 Family centred approach across the full development from birth to young adult 
 6-10 years of experience in child psychiatry 
 Interested candidates should submit a letter of intent and accompanying curriculum vitae, along with the names of three references to: 
 Attn:  Human Resources 
 CASA Child, Adolescent and Family Mental Health 
 Suite 406, 10011 – 109 Street 
 Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T5J 3S8 
 Email:  employment@casaservices.org 
 Review of applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
Applicants should have fluent written and oral communication skills in English. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
