Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SAP Project Manager - Toronto 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The opportunity 
 EY Advisory Services is a fast-moving, high-growth area with huge potential. We are currently a SAP Project Manager to join our team. This team offers variety, challenge, responsibility and the opportunity to realize your leadership potential. Our Performance Improvement team is focused on helping clients improve operational efficiency and security, while also reducing costs and managing risk. 
 We help clients by delivering assessment, transformation and process efficiency solutions in specialty areas like finance, supply chain, IT Advisory, customer, people and organization change, strategic direction, and program management. To address the shifting landscape of our clients' needs, EY has established a national Center of Excellence focusing in the broad topics of Enterprise Intelligence, Risk Transformation, IT Risk, and Enabling Technologies. Enabling Technologies primarily focuses on the design and optimization of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) packages like SAP, Oracle, and others. Our team typically works with Fortune 1000 clients across a variety of industries including, Manufacturing, Pharma, Energy/Utilities, Transportation, Telecommunications, Entertainment/Media, Oil/Gas and Consumer Goods/Retail. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 As a Project Manager, you'll assist in developing applicable methodologies, tools, approaches, points of view, thought leadership and accelerators to differentiate EY in the ERP advisory market. These are shared with all EY market facing organizations to provide consistency and common platforms with which to go to market. A willingness to travel to meet client needs; travel is estimated to be 70-90%. 
 Project Management:  Participate in large scale SAP client engagements. Consistently deliver quality client services, driving high-quality work products within the expected timeframes and on budget. Monitor progress, manage risk and ensure key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes. Manage expectations of client service delivery. Stay abreast of current business and industry trends relevant to the client's business. Should be a self-starter with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Should be comfortable interfacing with a client on a daily basis. This role requires daily interaction with the client at many levels. 
 Skills and attributes for success 
 Effectively team with diverse skills and backgrounds and foster an innovative and inclusive team-oriented work environment. 
Strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating enterprise domain knowledge with technology skills. 
Demonstrate characteristics of a forward thinker and self-starter that thrives on new challenges and adapts quickly to learning new knowledge. 
Ability to lead a team of consulting professionals on multiple projects. 
A strong work ethic. 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 A bachelor's degree and approximately 5-7 years of related work experience at minimum; or a master's degree and approximately 4 years of related work experience at minimum 
A degree in computer science, accounting, finance or a related field (MBA or Business Undergraduate degree preferred). SAP certification/s highly preferred. 
At minimum 5-7 years of experience working with SAP Finance (FI, CO, PC COPA – S/4 Finance preferred), Supply Chain and Maintenance modules, as well as participation in full life cycle implementations (or equivalent experience) required. Familiarity with SAP Finance integration to SD, MM, QM, PM, IBP, LE, TM, SCM (EWM) etc. 
Experience executing a business blueprint and documenting business requirements that can be understood by a technical process team. 
Development of project documentation, training materials, requirements gathering and project management methodology experience required. 
Experience with all aspects of financial and management accounting within an ERP system. 
Experience within the oil & gas and manufacturing industry is highly preferred. 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 Experience with SAP reporting and HANA live is a plus. 
Experience with finance strategy and finance operations, including A/R, A/P, capital management, asset management, financial accounting, cost accounting, product costing/inventory valuation, tax, profitability analysis and reporting systems a plus. As well as knowledge of budgeting, planning and forecasting operations and technology a plus. 
Knowledge of contract accounting a plus. 
Security clearance preferred. 
 What we look for 
 We’re interested in passionate leaders with a strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the IT Advisory space. If you have a strong passion for helping businesses achieve their IT strategy, this role is for you. 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, EY continually strives to be a great place to work and with a commitment to hiring and developing the most passionate people, we’ll make our ambition to be the best employer by 2020 a reality. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
