Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Librarian 
 A. P. Mahoney Library, St. Peter's Seminary, King's University College at Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Date Posted: 
November 23, 2020 
 Location: 
London, Ontario, Canada 
 Hiring Institution: 
A. P. Mahoney Library, St. Peter's Seminary, King's University College at Western University 
 St. Peter's Seminary, affiliated with King’s University College and Western University, serves the Church in Canada and beyond as the Roman Catholic Seminary of the Diocese of London, providing formation and education for those preparing for priestly ministry, the permanent diaconate, lay ministry, and for those seeking to enrich their faith education. The library supports the mission of the seminary in all areas of formation: intellectual, pastoral, human, and spiritual by working collaboratively within an integrated library system to provide access, encourage research, support learning, and preserve the theological heritage of the seminary. 
 Job Title 
 Associate Librarian 
 Description 
 Reporting to the Director of Libraries, the Associate Librarian is responsible for all areas of operation in the management of Information Services and Information Resources functions of the A. P. Mahoney Library. The incumbent will perform all library functions, including Acquisitions, Cataloguing, Circulation, Reserves, Reference, and Instruction to the seminarians, lay students, faculty, and staff of St. Peter’s Seminary, members of its wider academic community, and to the general community as necessary. 
 Responsibilities 
Manage library operations through initiative, coordination, and consultation 
Using an integrated library system (ExLibris – Alma/Primo) to perform technical functions of acquisitions, cataloguing, and circulation 
Plan and provide reference and instruction services 
Coordinates library/student assistant hiring, scheduling, and training 
Monitor and update library sections on Seminary website 
Qualifications 
The successful candidate will have an ALA-accredited MLIS degree with a minimum of 3-5 years of professional experience in an academic or theological library. 
M.Div. degree or Bachelor’s degree with some theology and religious studies preferred. 
Outstanding oral and written communications, relationship building, organizational and leadership skills. 
Proven cataloguing experience with knowledge of MARC21 and RDA records. 
Reference and circulation experience required. 
Awareness of the Roman Catholic Seminary Formation Program would be helpful. 
Job Type 
 Full-time Permanent ongoing 
 Location 
 St. Peter’s Seminary 
1040 Waterloo Street North 
London, Ontario. N6A 3Y1 
https://www.stpetersseminary.ca/ 
 Position Level 
 $60,000 - $75,000 per annum, dependent on experience, plus benefits. 
 Effective Date 
 February 16th, 2020 
 Apply To 
 Adrienne Co-Dyre 
King’s University College 
266 Epworth Avenue 
London, Ontario N6A 2M3 
adrienne.co-dyre@kings.uwo.ca 
 Closing Date 
 Letter of application, resume, and the names of three references must be received by December 7th, 2020; 4:30 p.m. 
 Only applicants being granted an interview will be contacted. All others are thanked for their interest. 
 Job description is available upon request. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
