
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 LEARNING 
 
 FREE TRIAL UPSKILL HR 
 UPSKILL HR 
 ACE THE HR EXAM 
 ACE THE HR EXAM AUDIO 
 HR PRACTICE TEST 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 Workology Podcast 
 Go Podcast 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Speaking 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 SIGN IN 
 
 
 Dealing with Job Loss 
 Oct 16, 2008  | By    Jessica Miller-Merrell   |  Career ,   Job Search 
   
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 __ 
 
 The times we live today are changing and unstable all around us, but for many we have things we can count on-our family, friends, and our job. With the changing economic climate and culture, the latter is not as certain as it was before. 
 It occurred to me a couple weeks ago when a friend of mine was let go from his job that "Bob" was experiencing the psychological stages of mourning much like we would do for a loved one but for a job. Bob had worked at his job for more than a couple years, and he considered himself an company staple and had surfed the corporate waves of change and survived. 
 Dealing with Job Loss 
 In the bereavement or mourning process, there is no magic amount of time we spend in each stage of grief or the amount of time before we accept the change and learn to move forward. Because of our own financial obligations, often times we do not allow ourselves the appropriate amount of time to grieve. 
 
 
 Denial and Isolation.  The first reaction to learning about job loss or change is to deny the reality of the situation. It is a normal reaction to rationalize overwhelming emotions. It is a defense mechanism that buffers the immediate shock. We block out the words and hide from the facts and say things like, "I never saw this coming, " or adding to the company grapevine. This is a temporary response that carries us through the first wave of pain. 
 
 
 Anger . As the masking effects of denial and isolation begin to wear, reality and its pain re-emerge. We are not ready. The intense emotion is deflected from our vulnerable core, redirected and expressed instead as anger. The anger may be aimed at inanimate objects, complete strangers, friends or family. Anger may be directed at the person's previous place of employment which is often the case. Depending on the situation and if the the job loss was progressive and based on our lack of performance as an employee, rationally, we know the company is not to be blamed. Emotionally, however, we may resent it for causing us pain. We feel guilty for being angry, and this makes us more angry. The manager who brought our attention to the lack of performance or who delivered the message, might become a convenient target. I recommend arranging a special appointment to speak to someone in Human Resource. Ask for clear answers to your questions. Understand the options available to you like severance or unemployment. Take your time. 
 
 
 Bargaining.  The normal reaction to feelings of helplessness and vulnerability is often a need to regain control. If only we had sought attention sooner from our manager, our friends, or family. If we got a second chance. This is a weaker line of defense to protect us from the painful reality. 
 
 
 Depression.  Two types of depression are associated with mourning. The first one is a reaction to practical implications relating to the loss. Sadness and regret are common. We worry about the financial loss associated with being unemployed. This phase may be eased by simple clarification and reassurance. The second type of depression is more subtle and, in a sense, perhaps more private. It is our quiet preparation where we remove ourselves from those that we love. Sometimes all we really need is a hug or big fat job offer. 
 
 
 Acceptance.  Reaching this stage of mourning is a gift not afforded to everyone. However, I urge you to make your peace with caution. Burning bridges and making poor choices during mourning can and will have long term professional consequences. This phase is marked by withdrawal and calm. This is not a period of happiness and must be distinguished from depression. 
 
 
 Bob took a couple weeks off to clear his head. Just this week he gave me a call and dusted off his resume wanting my professional opinion which I was happy to provide. It seems these days most everyone has been affected by a layoff or involuntary termination. It's in these moments that I believe we really learn the most about ourselves. 
 Post navigation 
 <- What's Your BRAND? 
 Employers and MySpace -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Job Search 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell (@jmillermerrell) is a workplace change agent, author and consultant focused on human resources and talent acquisition living in Austin, TX. Recognized by Forbes as a top 50 social media influencer and is a global speaker. She’s the founder of Workology, a workplace HR resource and host of the Workology Podcast. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Mike Mayzak says 
 
 October 22, 2008 at 9:26 am 
 Great posting - it's likely that you or someone you know will experience jobloss at least once (if not more than once) in their career. It's no fun when it happens, but you'll bounce back - and often turn out better than you would have if you have stayed where you were! 
 No regrets… ALWAYS go forward, NEVER go back. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Words of Wisdom When"You're Fired." | Blogging4Jobs  says: 
 
  August 9, 2009 at 8:40 pm   
 […] Most people at some time during their life are terminated for a variety of reasons.Â Whether your job loss is the result of being fired or laid off, people mourn their job much like the loss of a close […] 
 __ Search 
 
 
 
 __ON AIR WITH WORKOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
  __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __  
 Copyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group. 
 
 Contributing 
 Advertising 
 Disclaimer 
 Press 
 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
