Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cloud Security and Operations Manager 
 AstraNorth 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Work Location:   Remote during COVID19. But candidate will have to relocate to Ottawa after restrictions are over 
 Accountable for design, development, implementation of IT Security Operations and Compliance management for cloud based solutions. 
Serve as the primary contact for information security incidents investigation, coordinate incident response and reporting 
Responsible for internal/external audit and information security assessments by client 
Lead SIEM solution implementations and SOC setup for on-premise and cloud based solutions. 
Develop policies, standards, processes and procedures guidelines and other related documentation for Security Monitoring. 
Provide guidance and expertise regarding the security architecture for new initiatives. 
Acts as a subject matter expert on relevant regulations and policies and relevant frameworks/standards such as ISO27001, NIST, ITSG-33. 
Monitor and manage security dashboards in Azure Sentinel/Azure Security Center/ Office 365, customize dashboards and reports, produce metrics per client needs. 
Monitor health of Security solutions such as Firewall, Intrusion prevention Systems, Identity management, Endpoint Security, etc. for cloud based and on-premise systems. 
Work with Business and IT Tier2/Tier3 Support engineers and/or vendor’s/partner technology teams to resolve issues 
The ability and flexibility to work in shifts when necessary, Prepare Shift turnover and Shift Report to ensure continuous smooth 
Guide junior Security operations teams in incident response and SOC functions 
 Required years of experience, training, technical skills, and other requirements for job performance: 
Has minimum of 8 years of experience working with Information Security management roles. 
Has a minimum of 5 years of professional experience managing Security Incident Response and Operations management. 
Subject matter level expert knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as NIST/ISO/COBIT 
Good Understanding of networking protocols such as IPVPN, TCP/IP, UDP, IPSec, DNS, NTP, Firewalls, ACLs 
Moderate knowledge of networking fundamentals (TCP/IP, Network Layers, etc.) 
Knowledge of malware operation and indicators 
Knowledge of threat landscape (threat actors, APT, cyber-crime, etc.) 
Experience in the producing threat & risk assessment reports. 
Experience in the delivery of IT Security awareness and training 
Protocol analysis experience using tools such as Wireshark, Gigastor, Netwitness, etc. 
Experience with SIEM tools and platforms such as: ArcSight, Splunk, Azure Sentinel, Security Center. 
Experience utilizing SIEM, Firewalls, IPS, DLP, Check Point, Antivirus/Anti-malware in an enterprise environment. 
Strong understanding of ITSG-33 requirements and Government of Canada Security Assessment process 
Experience with security assessments and authorization (SA&A) activities for IT systems 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Proven interpersonal and collaborative skills, with the ability to communicate information security and risk-related concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences at various hierarchical levels 
Good understanding of computer forensic techniques and methodologies. 
 Education Qualification: 
Bachelor's/Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or related field. 
Minimum of 7 years’ professional experience in network or UNIX/Linux system administration, software engineering, software development, 
Must have at least one of the following certifications: 
SANS: GCIH, GCFA 
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) from EC council 
Certified Information Systems Security Professional(CISSP) 
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) 
 Security Clearance: 
Security Clearance (Enhanced Reliability Status) from the Government of Canada, or the candidate should be a resident of Canada for 5 continuous years. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Pay: $70,000.00-$130,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
