Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Aide, Various Departments 
 Victoria Hospital 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Period 
 Open:  November 13, 2020 
 Deadline:  December 31, 2020 
 Unifor 
 This position is covered by a collective agreement. Applications from outside the bargaining unit are welcome but can only be considered if the position is not filled from within this bargaining unit. 
 Department Name 
 Aide 
 Reporting to the Manager, the Aide is responsible for room cleaning, changeover and setup between patient procedures. In collaboration with HMMS and Medical Device Reprocessing (MDR), the Aide facilitates the appropriate deployment of supplies and equipment. As well, this role includes materials management (stocking) activities. 
 Rate of Pay:  $22.53 per hour - $23.50 per hour 
 Initial Shift:  Shifts as required by unit and subject to change in accordance with the Collective Agreement 
 Qualifications 
Successful completion of Grade 12 education or equivalent acceptable to the Hospital 
Proficient organization, prioritization, and time management skills with the ability to adapt to a changing environment & changing cleaning priorities 
Must be able to meet the physical requirements of the position i.e. Moving equipment, beds, wheelchairs, stretchers 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Basic computer and keyboarding skills including Windows Environment, Netscape/Internet and Outlook 
Demonstrates a focus on the Patient experience with a service-oriented attitude 
Proficient communication abilities to interact positively and effectively with patients, public and staff 
Self-directed with the ability to show initiative within scope of practice 
Ability to read, write, comprehend and communicate effectively in English 
Ability to problem solve with demonstrated initiative, resourcefulness and well developed decision making skills 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision 
Demonstrated knowledge of and commitment to the principles of patient and family centred care 
Demonstrated knowledge of and commitment to patient and staff safety at LHSC 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to LHSC’s Mission, Vision and Values 
Demonstrated ability to attend work on a regular basis 
 Immunization Requirements: 
Provide vaccination records or proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chicken pox), Hepatitis B, Tetanus/ Diphtheria/Polio; Meningitis. 
Provide documentation of the Tuberculosis skin testing (two step) 
 We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. LHSC is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and LGBTQ2+ persons. We are committed to providing persons with disabilities equal opportunities and standards of goods and services, and are also fully compliant with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005), as applicable. 
 As part of the assessment process applicants may be required to complete a written examination or test. Please be advised that a reference check may be conducted as part of the selection process. 
 Your interest in this opportunity is appreciated. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Successful candidates, as a condition of job offer, would be required to provide a satisfactory police information check (original document) completed in the last 3 months. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
