Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 20-335 Child and Youth Care Worker 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 St. Agatha's Turning Points (SIL) 
 Are you looking for a fulfilling career that can make a difference in the life of youth in need? Put your passion for working with families and youth towards a rewarding opportunity with Catholic Social Services as a Child and Youth Care Worker! 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 Catholic Social Services is currently recruiting for one contract, full time (40 hours), Child and Youth Care Worker to join our team! This position is a one year contract and has a weekly schedule of Monday - Friday. 
 Program Overview: 
Turning Points staff are relationship based and take a trauma informed approach to the clients who are beginning to prepare for the transition to independence and adulthood. Supporting individuals from high-risk lifestyles, this position is challenging and rewarding, perfect for individuals who do their best work on their shift. 
 Job Duties 
 As a Child and Youth Care Worker you will be responsible for: 
Managing a caseload of 6-8 youths 
Assisting the youth in overcoming barriers in terms of addictions, mental health issues, and their abilities to demonstrative healthy relationships and boundaries 
Supporting youth through life skills teaching with a hands on approach 
Assisting the youth in attending appointments, crisis support, managing family relationships 
Supporting youth to access to community resources to establish a strong community base of supports 
Advocating for the youth with positive communication demonstrated 
Supporting youth to be successful; you are critical in the process of transitioning youth into independence 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A Diploma/Degree in Human Services (or equivalent) 
A minimum of two (2) years of experience working with youth programming, youth in care, residential care, and case management 
Certification or training in Aboriginal Awareness, Abuse Awareness, Standard First Aid, and Violence/Crisis Intervention is a definite asset. 
 The ideal candidate will have an organized and compassionate approach to the work, strong teamwork skills, a commitment to developing positive supporting relationships. Other qualifications include: 
 Proven case documentation and effective information reporting practices will ensure your success in this role 
Excellent reporting and documentation skills will ensure your success in this role 
Proven ability to provide effective communication, collaboration, crisis intervention, and conflict management with clients 
Demonstrated assessment, problem solving, and critical thinking skills 
Knowledge of community resources is an asset 
Intermediate competency with Microsoft Office and other Agency computer applications 
Demonstrated ability to act with professionalism, confidentiality, and diplomacy 
Valid Driver’s License 
$2 million third party liability insurance required and Personal Vehicle use to transport clients 
 Police Information Check including vulnerable sector search, Intervention Record Check and/ or summary of driving record with no more than six (6) demerit points are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate. 
 Compensation: 
The salary range for this position is $22.63 to $25.46 per hour based on qualifications and experience. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-335. 
 This requisition will remain open until December 9, 2020. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
