Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Member - Lumber Yard 
 Rona 
 __St. Thomas, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Team Member – Lumber Yard meets and exceeds the department’s requirements by offering courteous and efficient service and taking initiatives to make sure that customer needs are met. The person in charge participates in the preparation of orders and ensures RFB at all times. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Greet customers warmly and ensure a good customer experience 
 Assist customers in loading products in their vehicle 
 Support the merchandising of products in the department under their responsibility (e.g., displays, visual presentation, labelling, signage) 
 Ensure merchandise replenishment for the department under their responsibility 
 Contribute to rotations, maintenance, and quality control for the department under their responsibility 
 Load and unload trucks and other vehicles 
 Prepare orders using a forklift 
 Comply with the Company’s policies and procedures, but also with health and safety guidelines 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You enjoy physical work and DIY projects, without necessarily being a home improvement pro? You have a valid driver’s licence and strive to provide high-quality customer service? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Knowledge of building materials will be considered an asset. 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
