  
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Workshops 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 OUR TEAM 
 
 Gary Watkins - Managing Director 
 Viv Cramer - Accounts Manager 
 Rachel Botha - Workshops Manager 
 Susan Fourie - Psychometrist, Training & Development Specialist 
 Belinda Baloyi - Office Administrator 
 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 Corporate Details 
 About Workinfo.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 Consulting Services 
 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Psychometric Assessments 
 Employment Equity 
 Industrial Relations 
 Workforce Planning Manual 
 HR Policy Drafting 
 Outsource HR 
 Patterson Job Grading 
 Transcriptions 
 
 
 
 
 
 A - Z Index 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Site Index 
 
 
 Alphabetical Index 
 
 
 A - Z Index Complete 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Member Profile 
 
 Login 
 Reset Password 
 Request Username 
 
 
 
 Subscription History 
 
 
 Membership Options 
 
 Toolkits 
 Research & Reports 
 Policies & Procedures 
 Workforce Planning Manual 
 Human Resources Manual 
 Employment Equity Manual 
 Workplace Communications Manual 
 Digest of Disciplinary Offences 
 Training & Development 
 
 
 
 My Bookmarks 
 
 
 
 
 Forum 
 
 
 __ HomeWorkshopsContact Us-- OUR TEAM---- Gary Watkins - Managing Director---- Viv Cramer - Accounts Manager---- Rachel Botha - Workshops Manager---- Susan Fourie - Psychometrist, Training & Development Specialist---- Belinda Baloyi - Office Administrator-- ABOUT US---- Corporate Details---- About Workinfo.comConsulting Services-- Consulting---- Psychometric Assessments---- Employment Equity---- Industrial Relations---- Workforce Planning Manual---- HR Policy Drafting---- Outsource HR---- Patterson Job Grading---- TranscriptionsA - Z Index-- Search-- Site Index-- Alphabetical Index-- A - Z Index Complete-- Membership Plans-- Member Profile---- Login---- Reset Password---- Request Username-- Subscription History-- Membership Options---- Toolkits---- Research & Reports---- Policies & Procedures---- Workforce Planning Manual---- Human Resources Manual---- Employment Equity Manual---- Workplace Communications Manual---- Digest of Disciplinary Offences---- Training & Development-- My BookmarksForum 
 updated 11:42 PM, Jan 19, 2021 Africa/Johannesburg 
 HOT NEWS 
 Four-day week: how workplaces can successfully establish it 
 How the pandemic will shape the workplace trends of 2021 
 Remote work has built – rather than broken – trust among colleagues. Here's how 
 HR professionals: Be aware, and stay relevant 
 Opinion Piece: As unemployment skyrockets, temporary employee vetting is critical 
 Hope and religion in a time of crisis: evidence from Colombia and South Africa 
 South Africa's auto industry highlights the social and employment cost of innovation 
 Women equal men in computing skill, but are less confident 
 More neurotic, less agreeable, less conscientious: how job insecurity shapes your personality 
 COVID-19 is hitting tipped workers hard 
 
 You are here: 
 Home 
 __ 
 Articles 
 __ 
 Articles 
 __ 
 Class and race shape how young South Africans access the job market 
 
 A+ A A- 
 Class and race shape how young South Africans access the job market 
 
 September 24, 2016 
 Written by Glenda Kruss 
 Published in  Articles 
 
 Class and race shape how young South Africans access the job market 
 Glenda Kruss ,  Human Sciences Research Council 
 Getting hired in South Africa can be a serious challenge given the country’s unemployment rate of  26.6%  and a trend towards declining employment in the formal non-agricultural sector. 
 There are many possible routes job seekers can take as they seek to enter the workforce. Some are clearly marked out, facilitating a smooth transition. Others are not very clearly marked and are fraught with difficulty, leading to uncertainty and often significant personal hardship. 
 Individuals and groups access the labour market from different points of departure, depending on their skills, occupations, age, race and gender. This means that it’s not always useful, or accurate, to think about one labour market that operates in the same way for everyone. 
 Rather, there are many labour markets in which diverse factors such as geography (rural, urban), degree of formality (formal, informal) and political economy (centre, periphery) play a defining role. 
 We compared insights on this diversity and complexity across  a set of research projects conducted by the Labour Market Intelligence Partnership . What we found was that social networks and inequality matter a lot in the world of job seekers. This suggests that there is a need for formal public mechanisms to ensure that there’s a fairer distribution of information for people looking for work. 
 Inequality in higher education 
 A recent  study  traced the widely divergent journeys of graduates from two very different universities in South Africa. It followed 469 graduates from Rhodes University and 742 from University of Fort Hare through their degree programmes and into the labour market. 
 Most of the Rhodes graduates were white, and were more likely to have come from higher income homes and attended elite schools. Most of the Fort Hare graduates were black and were more likely than their Rhodes counterparts to be the first in their families to attend university. 
 The study found that the different groups used very different job search methods. For Rhodes graduates the most common path of finding employment was through personal networks (30%). Fort Hare graduates relied primarily on newspaper advertisements (36%). 
 The study concluded: 
 
 This finding speaks volumes about the nature of links to the market and about the perpetuation of past sources of inequality in access to higher education and employment. 
 
 Another  study  of public attitudes to work found that work-seekers used a range of ways to access the labour market. Ninety percent of those surveyed said that social networks were the “most frequent” way to look for work. 
 This trend isn’t unique to South Africa. Research on job searching globally shows that for a while personal networks have been recognised as an efficient tool to use when looking for employment. 
 The study on attitudes to work and unemployment also found that job seekers from rural areas were more likely to rely on informal networks, talking to relatives and friends. It notes that 
 
 the inaccessibility of information about vacancies supplied through formal sources is a barrier to finding employment. 
 
 How do formal public systems contribute? 
 How then do formal public employment services in South Africa measure up, to promote transitions to the labour market? 
 A  study  done in 2015 looked at employer interaction with a government-funded  employment service  that matches job seekers to employers. The research found that job seekers used a diversity of search methods. 
 Subscribing companies filled 56% of all their vacancies with work seekers registered on the system. But the service is hampered by a range of obstacles including poor infrastructure, which leads to incomplete records being kept, and network failures that make the system painfully slow. This affects its reliability. 
 These barriers effect the extent to which both employers and work seekers rely on the system as a route to the labour market. 
 The bottom line 
 Social networks remain a default method of job search for many South Africans across the labour market spectrum. But the ability to access social networks is shaped unequally by the education, class and race background. This is particularly the case for high-skills jobs that require a university qualification. 
 For job seekers living in poor rural areas social networks are less helpful. This is why formal public mechanisms are important, particularly for those looking for low-level skilled jobs. 
 To promote more efficient job search strategies at all levels, the quality and accessibility of formal labour market information needs to be raised significantly. 
 Glenda Kruss , Doctor,  Human Sciences Research Council 
 This article was originally published on  The Conversation . Read the  original article . 
 Last modified onSaturday, 24 September 2016 10:15 
 Warning  : count(): Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in  /home/gwdhmoih/public_html/templates/gk_news2/html/com_k2/templates/default/item.php  on line  176 
 Tagged under 
 
 skills shortages 
 skills development 
 
 Related items 
 
 Draft national policy on the misrepresentation of qualifications 
 To produce artisans for the future South Africa should study its past 
 Gaining Qualifications in the HR Profession (SABPP Fact Sheet) 
 Internships – A guide for Employers (SABPP publication) 
 Strategies to mitigate S.A's skills deficit 
 
 Tweet 
 
 __Read 4264 
 font size decrease font size increase font size 
 __ Print 
 __ Email 
 
 *     * 1
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 
 
 
 (0 votes) 
 More in this category:  « Spreading the festive smear: why managers should take social media seriously   To produce artisans for the future South Africa should study its past » 
 Login to post comments 
 Receive Newsletter 
 Name 
 Email 
 Please enable the javascript to submit this form 
 Contents 
 
 Articles 
 COVID-19 
 Legislation 
 Webcasts 
 Caselaw.co.za 
 Focus Areas
 
 Employment Equity 
 Workforce Planning 
 Industrial Relations 
 Skills Development 
 Policy and Procedures 
 
 
 
 ... And more 
 
 Shop 
 HR Information Systems 
 Economic Indicators 
 Cartoons 
 Human Resource Associations 
 Public Holidays 
 Dictionary of Terms 
 Human Resource Publications 
 Transcriptions 
 
 About Workinfo.com 
 
 About Workinfo.com 
 Contacts 
 Corporate Details 
 Directions 
 
 HR Vacancies 
 
 Human Resource Vacancies 
 Employee Relations Vacancies 
 Training Vacancies 
 Payroll Vacancies 
 
 HR Associations 
 
 SASLAW 
 SABPP 
 IPM 
 SAJHRM 
 
 Connect 
 
  LinkedIn 
  Twitter 
  Facebook 
  Youtube 
 
 Back to top 
 (c) Workplace Performance Technologies (Pty) Ltd t/a Workinfo.com. All Rights Reserved. 
 Color I Color II Color III Color IV Color V Color VI 
