Menu 
   
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 Preparing Today's Learners for Tomorrow's Careers 
 Skip to content 
 
     mistempartnership  12:46 am  on  July 20, 2017 
Tags:  MI STEM Careers Showcase @ TIM Detroit ( 2 ) ,  Michigan STEM partnership ( 12 ) ,  Mobile Technology Assn of Michigan ( 4 ) ,  STEM Careers ( 3 ) ,  Technology in Motion (TIM) ( 2 ) ,  TIM Detroit 2017 ( 2 ) 
 MI STEM Partnership co-produces STEM careers event at 'Technology in Motion: Detroit' exhibition 
 This article originally appeared in the TIM Detroit blog  on July 19, 2017 
 
 Every industry is becoming increasingly reliant on STEM-related jobs, which more often than not outnumber the amount of applicants available for them — especially in Michigan. 
 “We already have about 15,000 connected tech-related jobs in the state going unfilled,” said Linda Daichendt, executive director of the  Mobile Technology Association of Michigan (MTAM) . “If we don’t find a way to solve this problem by getting our students, and those seeking second or alternative careers, interested in filling these jobs, then the jobs will go elsewhere, companies will leave, and Michigan and its economy will be left behind.” 
 Most importantly, STEM support doesn’t just resolve an issue, but creates opportunities. Research conducted by  Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC)  and  MTAM  indicates that every connected technology-related job created in Michigan also creates 6.54 additional jobs in the state, making it the highest job creation factor in the state. Michigan currently has multiple growing STEM industries, including mobility/connected transportation, connected health, smart manufacturing, smart cities, defense and cybersecurity. 
 The inaugural Technology in Motion (TIM) mobility exhibition seeks to be part of these efforts by partnering with the  Michigan STEM Partnership  and  MTAM  to produce the STEM Careers Showcase. This program will be held from 1-7 p.m. on Sept. 7 in the TIM Detroit exhibition hall and will cater to students, parents and educators. The showcase will focus on increasing awareness about STEM careers, with a goal of increasing student STEM education participation and student pursuit of STEM careers. The event will also provide information to parents and educators about the opportunities available to students due to substantial business and industry demand for STEM talent; research shows that parents are extremely influential on students’ education and career choices, and teachers need to understand what employer needs are to prepare students for jobs. 
 One of the main features of the showcase will be a series of expert talks and panel discussions on topics such as how to find a STEM job in today’s marketplace; solving the STEM talent problem through diversity; and the importance of STEM to Michigan’s economy. In addition, the entire TIM Detroit exhibition will be open to participants, allowing them to explore booths from prominent STEM-focused companies like General Motors, Lear Corporation and Cisco. There will also be a designated “STEM Village” on the floor that will include interactive exhibits and STEM career information hosted by various organizations. 
 Support for STEM development at events like TIM Detroit is crucial. “Our educational institutions are suffering a lack of resources and teachers able to provide this training to today’s students, which puts our students at a disadvantage,” said Gary Farina, executive director of the  Michigan STEM Partnership . “Therefore, we encourage, and will support, efforts designed to expose students to opportunities to explore these careers and to interact with industry professionals who can share their expertise and experiences.” 
 To find out more about the STEM Careers Showcase, visit the  STEM page  on the TIM Detroit website. To buy a ticket for the event, you can  purchase a $10 exhibition ticket  for Thursday, Sept. 7, or the $25 three-day pass if you’d like to come on other days as well. For more information about getting involved, reach out to  MTAM  at (248) 470-3257 or email  info@GoMobileMichigan.org . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Girl Scouts to study for cybersecurity badges 
 Girls participation in Computer Science skyrockets past boys -> 
 Search 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 MI STEM Partnership RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
   Xconomy Education 
 
 Q&A: New Rady Dean Ordóñez on School’s Growth, Startups, Ethics & More  September 20, 2019 
 Booming CS Demand Brings Ex-Acquia CEO Back to His UW Roots  September 13, 2019 
 Why Ethernet Inventor Bob Metcalfe is an Internet Optimist  July 8, 2019 
 What Is the Future of the Internet? Experts Predict Next 50 Years  July 2, 2019 
 Degreed Raises $75M to Expand in Growing Workforce Training Sector  June 27, 2019 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 *[12:46 am  on  July 20, 2017]: 2017-07-20T04:46:20Z 
