  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  £25 - £35 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Band 6 Crisis CPN 
 Are you a Mental Health Nurse seeking a new challenge? Do you have previous experience supporting Adults enduring various Mental Health issues? 
 Service Care Solutions are working with Nottinghamshire NHS to recruit an experienced Mental Health Nurse to work with the Crisis Resolution Home Treatment Team in the Nottingham area. 
 The successful candidate will work for a minimum period of 6-weeks with the likelihood of extension. 
 Hours: Full-time - Days/Nights Available 
 Contract: Temporary (6 weeks - on going) 
 Banding: Band 6 
 Rates: 
Days - £25.00 LTD 
Sat/Nights - £30.00 LTD 
Sun/BH - £35.00 LTD 
 Location: Nottingham 
 Job Purpose - Band 6 Crisis Community Mental Health Nurse 
The post holder will work as part of the wider multi-disciplinary Community Mental Health Team and responsibilities of the position will include: 
, Work with universal service professionals to promote and support the emotional health and wellbeing of a diverse patient group through contributing to professional consultation and training 
, To enhance access the mental health services, promoting timely assessment, formulation and evidence-based intervention within a multi-agency framework 
, Work within a community setting, providing therapeutic mental health assessment and intervention 
, Work within the CPA framework 
, Utilise Routine Outcome Measures so to ensure partnership working which is goal specific 
, Build and maintain positive relationships with other agencies 
, Support the eradication of stigma associated with mental health services 
, Support partnership working through offering people choice and flexibility in the service that they receive 
, Promote the safety and welfare of service-users and their families 
, Co-ordinate and facilitate an appropriate discharge plan 
, Complete risk assessments and clinical documentation, including formulation, safety management plans 
, Making referrals to services where indicated for completed face to face assessments 
 Essential 
 Nursing Qualification 
NMC Registration 
 Desirable 
 Ability to use and provide clinical supervision 
 To be considered for these posts, you must be willing to complete the full NHS registration process. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
- Four weekly payroll runs 
- £250 training allowance 
- Excellent pay rates 
- Exceptional referral bonuses 
- Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
- Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
- Ltd & PAYE payment options available 
- Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 - DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 Did you know there are 3 EASY ways to increase your earnings, just by registering with Service Care Solutions? 
 , £150 Job Referral Bonus - If you're unhappy with your current agency or simply fancy a change, Service Care Solutions will give you £150 for bringing your current contract to us. 
 , £250 Referral Bonus - Simply refer your friend. 
 If they get the role, we'll give you £250. 
 That's £1000 if you refer 4 friends - easy money whilst helping out your friends and family! 
 , £150 Welcome Bonus - We are offering a Welcome Bonus of £150, paid after completion of two weeks in your new placement. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  6 Weeks + 
 
 
 Rate:  £25 - £35 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 17:08:30 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
