
 Skip to main content 
 
 WORK FROM YOUR LAPTOP 
 
 Free Email Course 
 Articles & Tutorials
 
 Build Your Site Right 
 REVIEWS – Is It a Scam or Is It Legit? 
 Work From Anywhere 
 WA Blog 
 YouTube Tutorials 
 
 
 1 on 1 Coaching 
 Disclosure 
 Search this website 
 
 __ Show Offscreen Content 
 Sign Up For My FREE Email Course! 
 Get exclusive content direct from me to your inbox. 
Unsubscribe at any time. 
 Get the Details! 
 __ Hide Offscreen Content 
 Photojobz Review 
 April 11, 2020 by  Eric Cantu   24 Comments 
 Have you seen the ads for Photojobz popping around online? In this Photojobz review you’re going to see whether they are a reputable resource for selling your photos online or not. 
 Can you upload your everyday photos to Photojobz and earn commissions? How much does Photojobz cost and what do you get for your monthly membership dues? Is Photojobz a great way to sell your photography online  or a total waste of time? 
 Unfortunately for me, what I thought I was going to get and what I actually got  were two completely different things. 
 Get Started Free with the Best Affiliate Marketing Training Online and Turn Your Own Photo Website Into $$$! 
 
 Photojobz Review – Great Way to Sell Photos Online or Waste of Time? 
 Watch my video below and get a sneak peek of what you get when you buy membership into Photojobz. Is this a great way to sell your photos online or a complete waste of time? 
 
 
 What is Photojobz and How Does it Work? 
 I first heard about Photojobz after publishing  this article on how to sell your photos online.  Soon after publishing, I started getting lots of spam bot comments with links to the Photojobz website. 
 It is a HUGE red flag when a business uses spam bots to advertise with unsolicited comments and links back to their website. 
 Since  publishing reviews on online opportunities  is what I do, I decided to take a look at the website for myself. At first glance it presented itself much like any other  stock photography  website. 
 What I found out is that Photojobz isn’t a stock photography website at all. A ClickBank product, it is simply a collection of eBooks and very basic videos with common sense info on how to get started selling your photos online. 
 There wasn’t anything special about this info, and most was common sense. The most surprising part is that they charge monthly membership dues for information you could easily find for yourself online. 
 How Much Does Photojobz Cost? 
 – $1 for the first 5 days 
– $27/month thereafter 
 The one good thing I found about this service is, since it is a ClickBank product, it has a 60 day money back guarantee. 
 Photojobz Membership Area 
 Upon arriving in the membership area, you’re greeted by a tab filled page linking to resources like videos, eBooks, and links. The tabs include: 
 
 Sell Your Photos Video Training 
 Sell Your Photos Guides 
 Upload Your Photos 
 Digital Camera Guides 
 Digital Photography Mastery 
 Ultimate Photoshop Training Videos 
 Photoshop and Photography Guides 
 Photo Editing Tools 
 Premium Photography Jobs 
 Stock Photos Agencies 
 
 The screenshot above shows 2 of the 7 videos that make up the “Photo Video Training”. These are very short videos, averaging just over a minute in length. 
 Some of the “photo tips” included in the video training: 
 
 “Only high quality photos will be accepted into stock photography sites.” 
 “If you’re going to take high quality photos, you’ll need to buy high quality gear.” 
 
 There is little to nothing presented in these videos that I didn’t already know, and I’m no expert on photography. 
 Still, I assumed that all these eBooks and video tutorials were simply being used to lay a well rounded foundation for this site. What does it matter if it’s common sense type stuff? If the photos I upload to the Photojobz audience get seen and sold, what do I care, right? 
 However, when I got to the “Upload Your Photos” tab, reality set in. 
 The “Upload Your Photos” tab just opens up some links to the most common stock photography websites that you could EASILY find for yourself online, such as: 
 
 Shutterstock 
 Adobe Stock 
 Alamy 
 Crestock 
 500px 
 Fotolia 
 Dreamstime 
 BigStockPhoto 
 123RF 
 CanStockPhoto 
 PhotoStockPlus 
 
 This begs the question,  “What exactly am I being charged $27/month for?”  It’s not like your monthly dues to Photojobz give you unlimited access to these other stock photo sites for free. You’d still have to pay there too.  It’s really bizarre to try to wrap your mind around. 
 And if that wasn’t bizarre enough, there is a Premium Photography Jobs tab. This gives you access to completely random job listings, such as: 
 Maybe there’s someone out there sitting in Norman, Oklahoma who’s reading this right now screaming,  “JACKPOT!!!”  But it seems pretty random to me and completely bizarre.  Would you pay $27/month for this? 
 Something else that I found just a little suspicious after doing my research is that there are seemingly no reviews that go into detail about what Photojobz is. The ones I saw reviewed it as “Great”, with one reviewer telling of his continued commissions he’s receiving for a hamburger photo thanks to Photojobz. 
 Seems a little fishy to me, but that’s just my opinion. 
 Photojobz Pros and Cons 
 Pros 
 
 __If you’re brand new to photography, there is substantial information on how to get started not only taking photographs, but submitting them to websites online 
 __60 day money back guarantee 
 
 Cons 
 
 __In my opinion, there is no reason for this freely available information to cost $27/month 
 __Most of the “tips” and “tutorials” are very basic, common sense type suggestions 
 __Photojobz uses spam bots to advertise online 
 __Suspicious reviews posted online that describe the service as “Great” and tell of continued commissions coming in thanks to this service seem disingenuous after researching the website. 
 
 Final Thoughts 
 Photojobz is an online website that give some very basic resources for people looking to sell their photos online. They charge a monthly membership, however the information they provide through eBooks and video tutorials is freely available online. 
 Unlike stock photography sites that charge a monthly premium in exchange for getting your photography viewed by thousands, Photojobs only provides links to these stock photography sites and the value of what you receive for a monthly membership is questionable. 
 If you’re looking to get started selling your photos online, check out my full article below. Take the next step in turning your hobby into a real business you can call your own! 
 
 Get Started Selling Your Photos Online! 
 Where are the best sites to sell my photos? Where can I get the highest royalties and most traffic? Check out my list of Top 5 Websites to get started! 
 Read My Full Article 
 
 Feedback, Follow, and Subscribe! 
 I hope you enjoyed this article! Please follow me on Instagram and YouTube! If you have any questions at all, leave them in the comments section below. I always respond, and I look forward to connecting with you! 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
  __ Share on Twitter  
 
 
  __ Share on Facebook  
 
 
  __ Share on Pinterest  
 
 
 
   
 This Attraction Marketing Pro review will reveal why you should stay away from this scheme and its red flags, unrealistic claims, and bad compensation plan. 
 Read More 
   
 Is there a John Crestani Super Affiliate scam going on? Is his affiliate marketing training more high ticket hype or a good starting point for… 
 Read More 
   
 In this Social Media Lead Machine review you’ll learn if Blake Nubar & his high-end marketing products are worth it. Are they a scam, legit… 
 Read More 
   
 What is Easy1Up.com? In this Easy1Up review you’ll see how this bizarre cash gifting scheme stays legal and all the obvious red flags you need… 
 Read More 
   
 Check out this PhotoJobz review and find out if PhotoJobz is a legit way to sell your photos online or just a complete waste of… 
 Read More 
   
 In this Fullstaq Marketer Scam Review I’ll show you how this Awol Academy reboot follows the same pattern of very expensive a la carte training… 
 Read More 
   
 The top 10 best affiliate marketing websites you’ll find online with the best training that delivers! Check out my results & get started now! 
 Read More 
   
 This Scott’s Cheap Flights review will show why it’s my absolute go-to for getting insanely cheap flight deals everywhere I go all year long! And… 
 Read More 
 About Eric Cantu 
 Born & raised in south Texas, Eric has enjoyed his career as a firefighter and paramedic since 2002. When he's not building websites he's traveling as far and often as he possibly can, and fully understands how awkward it is to type a paragraph about himself in the third person. Follow or contact:  Instagram  ·  YouTube  ·  Email 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Attraction Marketing Pro Review 
 How To Sell My Stuff Online 
 John Crestani Super Affiliate Scam? 
 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Ana says 
 
 June 18, 2020 at 3:35 pm 
 Thanks a lot! I almost fell. Very hepful review. 
 Reply 
 * [Eric Cantu](http://workfromyourlaptop.com) says
 
 June 20, 2020 at 11:57 pm 
 Very happy you enjoyed this! Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Bob says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 3:25 pm 
 That’s awful. It is awful to see sites like this that exist to scam people out of money. Not only does it hurt the poor slob that wasted money on a service that he could get for free, it casts a shade on legitimate online opportunities. By now folks should realize that if the opportunity sounds too good to be true them it’s most likely not true. Buyer beware… complete your due diligence before spending money. 
 Thanks for the honest review 
 Bob 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 14, 2020 at 1:30 pm 
 Technically, it’s not a scam since you’re getting a product for your money, but I totally get what you’re saying. This info is freely available. As someone else commented earlier, if this was a one time fee for this information, and you felt it was worth it since all the info had been compiled for you, then that’s fair enough. But a monthly charge for this? Kind of bizarre. Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Sheddy Ovb says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 3:03 pm 
 For me photojobz doesn’t really worth one to paying such an amount for services or informations that can be easily sourced for online without paying a spending a dime, and still at the end do not get a good returns. 
 A system where you spend and do not earn any reasonable return of investment doesn’t worth investing on. So photojobz is a no for me. Thanks a lot for this review, it’s more like an eye opener. 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 14, 2020 at 1:27 pm 
 Agreed! Glad this helped! Thank you for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Adyns68 says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:37 pm 
 Hi Eric 
 This a very helpful review. I saw an add about photojobz, I even thought it was for hiring photographer, LOL. But I never clicked on the add to find more. 
 I think people should be real sometimes, why would I pay a monthly fee to learn what I can easily find online? I could give you a one time fee for the compilation of the information, because sometimes when doing an online search, you can get confused or overwhelmed with the results. So, creating an e-book that gathers everything can be helpful. 
 Is it possible to pay one-month subscription and download all the information needed and cancel the subscription at the end? 
 Thanks for sharing! 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 14, 2020 at 1:27 pm 
 I actually thought about that myself. If someone felt that this info was worth the $27 you could, just as you said, download all the info and then cancel. Personally, after checking out the ebooks and videos myself, it’s not something I would spend $27 on. Great point made! Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Kaz  says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:36 am 
 I went through your site but not sure whether it’s good or it’s bad. It’s very well written or so but you put pros and cons and reading that makes me think that it may not be a great idea. We need to have more information on the facts it is good or bad. You write very well. Don’t know it is your site or not. I like Pros and cons. 
Like your write up. 
 Reply 
 * [Eric Cantu](http://workfromyourlaptop.com) says
 
 April 13, 2020 at 2:41 pm 
 You watched the video and read the article and can’t tell if I’m saying Photojobz is a good investment? I suggest watching reading the article and watching the video again. I couldn’t be more clear. Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Stephen Barrow  says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:03 am 
 Eric, very informative. You were not frightened to tell the truth and displayed full understanding of the topic. As a novice photographer I appreciated the detail you have presented. The video was excellent and answered all questions without having to read the dialogue. Thank you for your interest. 
 Reply 
 * [Eric Cantu](http://workfromyourlaptop.com) says
 
 April 13, 2020 at 2:42 pm 
 Thank you so much! 
 Reply 
 
 Kevin says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 1:28 am 
 Hmmm, you seem to be right on the money with this one. It does sound a little dodgy, but I have also seemed to find that a lot of products in click bank aren’t up to standard. Thank you for your information on this product. 
 Reply 
 * [Eric Cantu](http://workfromyourlaptop.com) says
 
 April 13, 2020 at 2:40 pm 
 I appreciate the comment. Thankfully there’s a 60 day money back guarantee. Thanks again! 
 Reply 
 
 Ella says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 12:48 am 
 That job listing for a nightclub in Oklahoma! hahaha That had me rolling! Thanks for the posting and explanation. It’s hard to know which services you find online will actually give you something beneficial and which ones will give you nothing special. I’m glad I read this. Thank you so much and continued success! 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 13, 2020 at 2:36 pm 
 Yes, that job listing is completely bizarre, no? lol. Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Stephanie says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 12:46 am 
 Wow… basically paying this platform for some random eBooks with information that you may already know (if you come to the website you’re obviously trying to sell your photos so you do have knowledge on how it all works) 27$ may not sound like a lot of money but it is definitely something you can invest into something more productive. 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 13, 2020 at 2:34 pm 
 Agreed! Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Courtney says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 12:43 am 
 $27.00/mo. to provide you common sense information that is freely available online? Sounds like a lazy person’s way of tying to break in to an industry that is established. You need a good camera, a PC, maybe a photo editing software program and an internet connection and you’re pretty much set up. But to pay for a monthly service for services that already exist? This program sounds like a waste of time and money to me. Thanks for the warning. 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:22 pm 
 My thoughts exactly. I really tried to find the service they were providing that would justify the monthly membership charges, but none ever turned up. Just goes to show how people will make money off of others. Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Kenechi Obinna says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 12:37 am 
 Thanks for this review. 
 I wonder how people pay 27 dollars each month for such a photography website that will yield nothing or little. Though they have money back gaurrantee but I consider it a waste of time to engage in such website. I thin I’m as confused as you, lol. Thanks once more! 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:18 pm 
 Agreed! It was a bizarre experience for me just putting this together, lol. Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 
 Riley says 
 
 April 12, 2020 at 12:21 am 
 Oh, this is a very good review on photojobs. I have seen the adverts of the platform on the internet a couple of times and I was wondering if it is true because I am a photographer that works with an agent and I was thinking I could probably sell my own personal pictures and make money on it. Now I see that j would’ve just wasted my time and my product. Glad to read your review. Thanks! 
 Reply 
 * Eric Cantu says
 
 April 12, 2020 at 2:16 pm 
 Very glad to help! Thanks for the comment! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me when new comments are added. 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
 Copyright © 2021 · Work From Your Laptop · Eric J. Cantu · All Rights Reserved 
