Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 New Jobs in Galway! Genband and expansion of Joyces in Tuam 
 Leave a Comment  /  Co. Galway  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 Ok, so there is lot's of doom and gloom, but  it's not all bad news, as there has been another announcement of  a company coming to set up in Galway and a local company that's expanding! 
 Below is the article from the  http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/finance/2010/1202/1224284573641.html 
 A US technology company plans to invest €8 million to employ more than 100 people at a new international headquarters in Galway. 
 Genband, a developer of internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, serves fixed, mobile and cable service providers around the world and has 600 customer networks in more than 80 countries. 
 The new Irish investment is supported by IDA Ireland and was announced in Galway yesterday by Minister for Social Protection Éamon Ó Cuív. 
 The Galway base will offer positions in finance, supply chain management, customer support, software development, human resources, and legal and administrative activities, according to IDA Ireland. IDA chief executive Barry O’Leary described the move as “significant”. 
I couldn't find any  job postings for Ireland , but you can submit you CV  here  for upcoming opportunities ( the early birds catches the worms) 
 Separately, a family business that started as a small shop 60 years ago will create 50 jobs when it opens a new store in Tuam, Co Galway today. Joyce’s, an independent supermarket group established in Headford in Co Galway in 1951, is opening its fourth supermarket this morning. 
 Have a lovely WE, wherever you are! 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,369 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
