Witch on a Bicycle 
 I'm building a car from scratch with zero budget, watch me go insane 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Gigi 
 About Opus 
 Character backstory: The Old Man 
 My life as a standup comedy routine 
 Origin story, but superhero or supervillain? 
 Quill Quester's continuing story 
 Spelling it out: Hit-from-behind and intersection wreck avoidance protocols 
 The Gay Marriage Challenge 
 The Gigi story 
 
   
 <- I might stop updating for a while 
 Trans Day of Rememberance -> 
 Unmedicated ramblings, list of jobs unlikely to be replaced by robots 
 Posted on  November 19, 2017  |  1 Comment 
 I was musing about jobs not likely to be replaced by robots while waiting for the brain to shut down and let me sleep. 
 First off, robots can theoretically do almost any job as good as or better than humans. But I believe that some jobs will still continue to be done by humans because the people paying will want the job done by humans, not because humans will do the job any better physically but because there is an emotional response to the job that many people will seek out. One job that will quickly go by the wayside is boardroom executives, the only people who want humans to do that job are the ones getting paid to do it. Shareholders will want the robots to do it for essentially free. Basically this is a job that doesn't need to exist that will go away in an AI-enabled society. 
 It is my hypothesis that eventually the only jobs that will still exist will be ones that require physical touch on another human being. Doctors will get replaced but I'm betting therapists will continue to exist. There was much ado about sex workers being replaced by robots, which will happen to some extent, but I see that job continuing as a human job because for a lot of people that is where they get actual human interaction with another person. I can totally see some people doing the job because they want to be with other people. The fact that sex bots will be a thing takes a lot of the danger out of the job. Another job that will continue will be massage techs. Robots might be able to do a better technical massage, but there will always be the people who are there because there is another person in the room interacting with them. In fact I foresee jobs for people to just sit and talk to people one-on-one, as a remedy to our impersonal "connected" society. 
 So, with the only jobs being some kind of companionship for short periods of time, where will the money come from to pay them, and to buy all the robot-made merch? If robots are doing all the work, who will have the money to buy things? One suggestion has been Universal Basic Income, based on a tax of roboticized industries so that people can buy the stuff the industries make. Because otherwise when everybody goes AI the economy goes straight in the toilet. And I have no idea what to do about that without UBI, but even the 1% will go broke when everything goes AI. 
 And Martin Truex Jr. just won the first Monster Energy NASCAR Cup. Good for you Martin. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Daily post ,  rant  and tagged  Monster Energy NASCAR Cup ,  robotic overlords ,  robots can have my job . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- I might stop updating for a while 
 Trans Day of Rememberance -> 
 One response to "Unmedicated ramblings, list of jobs unlikely to be replaced by robots" 
 
 xiousgeonz  |   November 19, 2017 at 21:07  |  Reply 
 
 Somebody has to fix the robots, even the robots who are fixing the robots…. 
 Like Like 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,276 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 November 2017 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 
 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 
 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 
 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Oct   Dec » 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 BicycleLaw the blog 
 BikePortland 
 BikinginLA 
 DFW Point to Point 
 Drunk Cyclist 
 Mad Blog Media 
 mtb law girl 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 hangouts 
 
 A warning to the human race 
 As diseases go Friendship is pretty good 
 Coffee-powered Superhero! 
 Droid for the win 
 Help Desk 
 RBENT 
 Rule of Three 
 Sandra and Woo 
 Something Positive 
 Times Like This 
 User Friendly 
 Wapsi Square 
 Why bloggers will never take over the world 
 Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery 
 Yield To Life 
 
 
 
 Useful places 
 
 A view from the cycle path 
 E-bikes.ca 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,276 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Buy me a Ko-fi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
