  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 U.S. Census Bureau Job Openings: Short-Term, Flexible Work Schedules 
 A census bureau job is short-term, pays better than minimum wage -- much better, as in $28 per hour in Alaska -- and has flexible hours. The federal Census Bureau is hiring all across the U.S.A. 
 Temporary Jobs with the U.S. Census Bureau 
 The United States Census Bureau is hiring thousands of temporary employees. Most hiring will be done in the summer of 2019. Besides the pay, it is a chance to be part of a historic data collection event. You might think of it as being paid to serve. 
 The U.S. Census Bureau hires temporary employees to work in the field, out in the community. They also hire census clerks and staffers who work in the Local Census Office (LCO). Many of the temp workers being hired for the 2020 census are census takers. Other positions are recruiting assistants, office staff, and supervisory staff. 
 Another name for "census taker" is "enumerator." Enumerators locate houses, explain the purpose for collecting the data, do the interviews, and record the information. 
 The US Census Bureau requires a test and training. You can find a practice test on the website. They pay you while you go through the training. 
 These are short term jobs. They expect many of the positions to last several weeks, but job times may actually be more or less. 
 The pay rate varies according to the position and the job location. I did some random checks. Many of them were about $20 an hour. Denver, Dallas, and San Diego are three that are over $20/hour. The lowest rate I saw was $13.50 an hour, for a county in West Virginia. Alaska was up to $28.00/hour. 
 Job locations are available throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. For info on job locations, call 1-855-562-2020, and follow the prompts. 
 The United States Census Bureau job website has a great deal of additional helpful information. The FAQ will probably answer many of your questions, including the eligibility requirements. There's a map that gives pay rates around the country. 
 You may apply on the website at 2020census.gov/jobs. or you may call the toll-free jobs line at 1-855-562-2020. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Galveston Island RV Resort Galveston, Texas  
 
 
 Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM 
 TX: Work Near the Beach - Pay TX: Galveston Island RV Resort, Galveston, Texas. TX Gulf Coast Beach across the street. Family owned and operated park 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM]: 2021-01-23T20:09:48-0500 
