Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Appointment Setter 
 Insight Sales 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The role as the appointment setter will be to make cold colds to chiropractors across the 
United States and book appointments for the sales team to consult with chiropractors 
regarding growing their business through a process of lead generation. With dozens of case studies, featured articles in major publications + practices that have been impacted by COVID-19 makes it a great opportunity for chiropractors to book a call! 
 Structure & Compensation 
 
 30 - 40 Hours a week. 
 $250 a week base + $60 per person that shows up to the demo 
 
 
 
 $100 per deal closed by sales team 
 
 Goal is to achieve 150 Dials a Day. 
 On Target Earnings Between $2500- $3500 USD Monthly. 
 Script & Training Provided. 
 All Earnings in USD Dollar 
 Work Remotely 
 Company Provided Lists, Data & Software to Make Calls 
 
 
 
 The #1 Core Value: Be Responsible 
 Not as in, “be responsible adults”...because we most certainly are not. But as in, Take Responsibility. For yourself, for your clients, for the wins, and especially for the failures. We own mistakes and use them as an opportunity to get better. The only two words you will never hear at this company are “fault” and “blame.” 
 Required Experience 
 
 1-year Prior Sales Experience 
 Appointment Setting Experience Preferred 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Remote position (work from anywhere in the world) 
 Competitive pay (performance-based commission with high earning potential) 
 Access to world-class sales training and education 
 Laid back, yet professional vibe 
 Unlimited leave 
 We’re a quickly growing company that favors promoting internally -- a huge opportunity for upward mobility 
 
 Job Type: 
Fulltime, commission, remote, appointment setter, sales 
 Job Types: Contract, Commission 
 Experience: 
 
 appointment setting: 1 year (Required) 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
