Myblog's Blog 
 Just another WordPress.com weblog 
 
 Home 
 Labour Law PE 
 
 Is your boss victimizing you? 
 February 22, 2010 
 You don’t want to get up in the morning because you have to go to the dreaded office.  You wish the day would just pass. 
 _ 
_ 
 Your boss thinks you incompetent, makes rude remarks when you alone and looks over your shoulder all day. Nothing is ever good enough. 
 
 Outbursts are also not uncommon by Mr. Boss.  Once you back home you wish tomorrow will never come. 
 _ 
_ 
 What are your options when victimized at work? 
 
 Accept the situation 
 Look for other work 
 Change the situation 
 
 How can you possibly change the situation? Firstly get support from other employees, family and friends. Secondly, find out what your rights are and how the grievance procedure of your company works. Thirdly, get expert help. 
 
 Jean du Rand is a Port Elizabeth based Industrial Psychologist specialising in psychometric testing, career counselling, organisational interventions and labour relations. Jean du Rand features on Bay FM between 11:00 and 12:00 every last Monday of the month and is also a part-time Human Resources lecturer at Varsity College. 
 View  www.jeandurand.co.za  and send your career or workplace queries to info@jeandurand.co.za. 
 1 Comment  |   Labour Law ,  Victimization ,  Work Bullies ,  Work Conflict ,  Work outbursts  | Tagged:  Bay FM ,  Career Counselling ,  CCMA ,  dispute ,  Eastern Cape ,  hate going to work ,  Industrial Psychologist ,  Industrial Relations ,  Jean du Rand ,  job seeking ,  Labour consultant ,  Labour Law ,  labour lawyer ,  Organisational Interventions ,  organizations ,  PE ,  Port Elizabeth ,  preparation disciplinary hearing ,  rude boss ,  South Africa ,  struggle to wake up ,  the impossible boss ,  unpleasant work place ,  Victimization ,  work  |   Permalink 
Posted by jeandurand 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Costs 
 Disciplinary Action 
 Jean du Rand 
 Labour Law 
 Poor Performance 
 Progressive Discipline 
 Revenue 
 Uncategorized 
 Victimization 
 Work Bullies 
 Work Conflict 
 Work outbursts 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
