  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Swindon, England 
 Rate:  Up to £13 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor 
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor needed for Swindon Borough Council, £13 ltd an hour 
 Start Date- ASAP 
Contract End date- 3 months initially 
Hours per week - 37 hours 
Pay rate - £13 ltd an hour 
Team - Care Leavers 
Location - Swindon 
 Description 
, To assist care leavers in a range of practical, personal, social and financial help to enable and develop their independence and to help them become confident, successful and contributing citizens in their community 
, To undertake regular statutory reviews of Pathway Plans in accordance with statutory timescales. 
, To advise, befriend, mentor and support young people leaving care aged 16 to 25 years 
, To complete 'In Touch' visits and contacts with young people leaving care and ensure that they receive the advice and support to which they are entitled to 
, To promote and maintain relationships with carers and families wherever possible, during care and when young people leave care 
, To ensure that young people are aware of their financial entitlements and to oversee and assist care leavers to manage their financial entitlements 
, To take the lead role in liaising and working in partnership with other agencies and services who have compatible duties and obligations to care leavers such as housing services, and education departments 
 What is required? 
, Previous experience within a similar field 
, Experience of working with children 
, GCSE level A-C in English and Maths 
, Enhanced DBS 
, Available immediately 
 If you are interested please call Jemma Molloy on 01772 208964 or email me your CV - jemma.molloy@servicecare.org.uk 
 If this role isn't right for you, but you know someone who would fit perfectly to our engaged and devoted team and you refer them, you will receive a referral bonus of £250. 
 The benefits of working with SCS; 
, A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
, Exceptional referral bonuses - £250 per referral placed in to work! 
, An extensive & exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
, Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
 , Payroll service twice a week. 
 , Ltd and PAYE payment options available. 
 , Annual training budget of up to £250 and continued online CPD training. 
 , Excellent Annual Loyalty schemes / bonuses. 
 , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £13 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Swindon, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-22 15:36:10 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
