Skip to content 
 
 Whats Really Going On? 
 poetry,music,sports and politics from Brotha O 
 Tag: job market in atlanta 
 Change 
 Cuz tried to holla at me down by the Five Points Marta Station in  Atlanta  ; asking me if I had spare change! 
 ….Had his buzz on!!! that other other was what he's on; had to admit he was ready for change! 
 Like  Libyan army commanders defecting ……acting strange these days..but back in the day a heavy hitter. 
 Two cars and a home out in the Atlanta suburbs; rolling through fronting on busters and herbs; he was a don't stop get it get it getter! 
 It gets better…everything was enhanced with herbs from Jamaica and powder from South America…Grey Goose to rinse it down; in the ATL  Mexican Cartels get down!!  its Outta Control. 
 The job market dried up …now mind blowing decisions were made  like Heatwave;  now some will lose their soul! 
 Whatcha knowing? whose Bustin Loose like  Chuck Brown  when they roll through the ATL? 
 Whatcha knowing? as we get down…. putting it down like this. .. using this breakbeat science; we have a story to tell! 
 A story about how easy it is to fail in  Babylon  ; falling for the okey doke! 
 A bruh had a story about being homeless; being played like a joke. 
 Caught out there  ; broke.. .jobs moved overseas;  cars repossessed,  homes foreclosed on.  
 Caught out there; it's no joke!!! the devil is opposed!! word from the old school Baptist preacher; once again its on! 
 Old dude from the old school can teach you a thing or two about the flip side! 
 The attitude? when down to  Plan Z  some will flip for freedom..they're ready to ride! 
 Others  aren't that shrewd;  as they  slip and slide  trying to survive in Babylon! 
 This good word  is dropped..but some think I babble on! 
 Author   omanxl1 Posted on  April 3, 2011 Categories  breakbeat science ,  drum and bass ,  Entertainment ,  music ,  poetry and music ,  politics ,  Uncategorized Tags  Atlanta ,  Babylon ,  Book of Daniel ,  Chuck Brown ,  Georgia ,  Heatwave mind blowing decisions ,  home foreclosures ,  job market in atlanta ,  music ,  Shopping ,  United States ,  unrest in libya Leave a comment on Change 
 Whats Really Going On?   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
