Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 REPOST: SESSIONAL FACULTY - Finance & Business Economics F712 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Finance and Business Economics Area within the DeGroote School of Business invites applications for the following teaching position to be offered in the 2021 Winter session. 
 Chair:  Dr. Trevor Chamberlain 
 Course Name/Number:  F712 Adv. Bus. Finance 
This course uses the case method to study the practical aspects of central topics in corporate finance. The course applies some of the concepts and techniques introduced in I601 and F650 classes to actual situations. In addition to analyzing the specific financing problems or issues, this course considers how those issues relate to the strategic objectives of the firm. It will be important to examine the "holistic” and “big picture" assumptions that are used in the numerical calculations. 
 Job Description 
 Number of Sections Available:  1 Number of Units per Section: 3 
 Location (on/off campus):  On line (RJC) Projected Enrollment: 30 Projected TA Support: 32.5 hours 
 C01 Th 19:00 - 22:00 
subject to change 
 Wage Rate : * The DeGroote School of Business offers a pay rate commensurate with qualifications and related teaching experience in a range from $7,800 to $8,850. The exact rate of pay is determined at the sole discretion of the employment supervisor, according to standard evaluation criteria. 
 Required Qualifications: 
A Master's degree in a relevant subject area and 5 years of managerial/professional experience in Finance Economics or a related business function. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
A Ph.D. preferred in a relevant subject area, demonstrated teaching excellence at McMaster or another university, more than 5 years of related managerial/professional experience. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 As part of the application process, you are invited to complete a brief diversity survey. The survey is voluntary. All information collected is confidential and will not be shared with the hiring manager. The results of the survey are for institutional planning purposes, and support our efforts to promote diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
 
 Supplemented Fees- Article 15.02 The employee may be eligible to receive supplemented fees in accordance with Schedule B of the Collective Agreement. The actual rate of pay when in excess of the base rate of pay is deemed to include any supplemented fees owing, to the extent of the excess amount. If the actual rate of pay is less than the sum of the base rate of pay and the supplemented fees owing, then the employee shall receive the difference. 
 
 How To Apply 
 1. A cover letter stating your intent to apply for the position (including your address, phone number, and email address) and emphasizing your experience with the material to be taught. 
2. A resume listing your academic qualifications and relevant employment experience. 
3. Information necessary to determine your current and aggregate seniority (as defined by Article 20 of the Unit 2 Collective Agreement). Questions may be directed to CUPE 3906 (905-525-9140 Ext. 24003). 
4. Names and contact information of two references 
 If you require this information in an alternate/accessible format, please contact Employee/Labour Relations Administrator at extension 23850. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
