Skip to content 
 
 Robot Theater 
 Using humanoid robots to teach computational thinking 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Our Project 
 First-Year Seminar, Fall 2016 
 
 I lost my job to automation 
 September 30, 2017  ~  aadityarobot 
 Over the last several weeks of working with the NAO robots, I realized that these robots are far better than traditional human actors. While both robots and actors portray personalities, humans have their own personalities aside from their given role in a production. These personalities may include being rude, abrasive, snobby, difficult to work with, and overall pretentious. The NAO robots on the other hand, do not have attitudes. My experience in Robot Theatre combined with my previous theatre experience led me to these other realizations. 
 While human actors may take weeks to learn a few lines of dialog, the NAO robots learn them within minutes. Really, it depends on how quickly a programmer can type. NAO robots often mispronounce words, or take strange breaks in between sentences, and NAO robots also do not have a wide range of expression or emotion to convey the feelings behind a line. In contrast to the hard plastic faceplates of the robots, human actors have 43 unique muscles in their faces allowing them to express a wide variety of emotions. and two muscles in their throats allowing them to adjust their tone to match the scene. However, getting a human actor to express the exact emotion you are looking for can be difficult, as they may feel the need to add their own opinion. Robots simply require posing, and maybe adjusting the speed or pitch of the voice. Robots will not ask silly questions like "why am I laughing at my mother's funeral?" or give unwarranted opinions such as "A native New Yorker wouldn't speak with a cockney accent." 
 While human actors are capable of a wider range of tones, emotions, expressions, gross motor skill, and overall just easier to communicate with, they do not compare to the amazing NAO robots, with their lack of emotion, 25 total degrees of freedom, slow walking, ability to memorize lines immediately and inability to talk back to a director. Until I took this seminar, I was planning on double majoring in engineering and theatre, but I've since decided to drop my theatre dreams and focus on engineering, so that I can design and build even more of these glorious artificial thespians. Soon enough, the singularity will be upon us. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 < Previous Robot Theater: Week 5 
 Next > Blurring the lines between the Impossible and Opportunity 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Final Show 
 Robot Theater 2016 
 Robot theatre week 3 
 I loved it! 
 Blurring the lines between the Impossible and Opportunity 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 msherry5 on  Day 7: Creating the Individual… 
 
 
 
 
 
 loriihrig on  Hello world! 
 
 
 
 
 mdmanner  on  Hello world! 
 
 
 
 sdbrown821  on  Hello world! 
 
 
 
 emmahawk  on  Hello world! 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 2015 First-Year Seminar 
 2015 Robot Theater Summer Camp 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
