Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 WorkingSBM 
 Sharing skills to support the School Business Manager 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About WorkingSBM 
 
 About WorkingSBM 
 School Resource Management Adviser 
 Apply to be a SRMA 
 
 
 WorkingSBM Blogs 
 
 All our Blogs 
 Guest Blogs 
 
 
 SBL Podcasts 
 Ask Anna 
 
 Ask Anna 
 Ask Anna Blogs 
 
 
 wellbeing 
 Fiction 
 
 Fiction 
 Summer Holiday Crime Fiction - Idyll Interrupted 
 Victor's Watch 
 The Halloween Party 
 
 
 
 Open Search 
 What does ‘Professional’ look like? Part 2 
 In Part One of my recent blog,  What does Professional look like?  I questioned what the term ‘professional’ meant to the School Business Manager. It produced some interesting conversation. In particular around the career pathways and progression available for the School Business Professional. I felt like a journey to clarify some questions, opinions and thinking might be valuable. 
 Pay 
 We are quite eloquent when it comes to our pay scale and there seem to be two camps. One which believes that we should be paid on the Teaching Leadership Scale. The other which would like a Support Staff Leadership Scale. 
 I sit around the fire in the latter camp. 
 I can understand the thinking behind tagging the SBM to the Leadership Scale. However, the fact remains that this is a teaching scale and automatically comes with the School Teachers Pay and Conditions (STPC) and  Burgundy Book  terms and conditions. My feeling on this is that all will be fine until something hits the fan. At that point an SBM may find themselves in a very difficult position of not knowing what their rights are. 
 I believe that as long as we accept the current leadership scale as a suitable ‘fudge’ then we are just allowing ourselves to be overlooked as a profession. We are leaving ourselves open to difficulty and inequality in the future. 
 Education has moved away from the tradition of being led by teachers. We as SBMs, FDs, as well as the future us as non-teaching CEOs, need to start talking about our own Leadership Scale attached to our  Green Book  contracts. One that either is not attached to the STPC. Or one that is equitable for those of us who are proud to have taken an alternative route to Qualified Teacher Status. 
 Progression 
 When I wrote the first part of What does Professional look like? my main thought was “where do I go from here?” A recognised career pathway is a vital part of any profession and it has been something that I’ve wondered about since I started in my first school. It’s 12 years since I was awarded a DSBM and started looking for a next step. My Headteacher at the time sat me down and gave it to me straight; “We are a very long way from non-teaching Heads in the UK. I’d advise you looked outside the industry for further qualification.” Little did either of us know how the landscape was about to change. 
 As School Business Leaders we are so fortunate to have such a variety of qualifications on offer to us. I think we sometimes forget that we are not tied into this but that we choose to work in this industry (mostly because we love it). We have some incredible transferable skills and you just have to look at LinkedIn or Guardian Jobs to see how much variety is out there if we did want to move on. 
 My problem is that 15 years later, I am still in the same thinking position of “where do I go from here?” I’ve moved schools. I have been promoted. I’ve taken on new challenges but the underlying niggle remains about the acceptance in my industry for me to take the “top job” as a non-teacher. 
 Why? 
 Why would I want to align myself to the term ‘professional’? What’s in it for me? Isn’t it just a meaningless label? 
 Well…no. 
 The thing about fulfilling the criteria to call yourself an School Business Professional, I’ve found, is that it does a number of things. Firstly, it opens doors. It improves your network and gives you a wider pool of the very highest level of experience to draw upon. Of course a variety of settings in your network is invaluable but so is the ability to ask those really tough questions and know that someone will know. To quote Gavin DeGraw “Ever since the dawn of mankind, we all belong to a tribe; It’s good to know this one’s mine.” 
 The second thing it does is give you more clout. As SBP’s it is our job to challenge. I’ve met a lot of SBLs who are happy to discuss and challenge every single cost centre except the teaching staffing one. The biggest and most important of them all. Why? Because the Headteacher does that. 
 No. That is your job. If financial deficit comes knocking, you are the one whose job is on the line. Don’t ever take your eye off it. When you ask What does Professional look like? Know that it means taking responsibility for the whole job. 
 The crux of it is … 
 The crux of the matter is that as a School Business Professional I feel more confident in my views. I know I have a strong back up force behind me in the form of ISBL and fellow SBPs. I can work to support others and also help my profession to evolve. My own leadership colleagues respect my value to the team and, with all that I am continuing to learn, I feel I could, even, progress through that glass ceiling of non-teacher CEO. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 __April 16, 2019 
 __ School Business Leadership ,  School Business Manager 
 __ blogging ,  Confidence ,  leadership ,  professional ,  SBM ,  School Business Leader ,  School Business Leadership ,  School Business Manager ,  school finances ,  School Improvement ,  value 
 Post navigation 
 What does ‘professional’ look like? 
 Poverty in Education 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 191 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 WorkingSBM Archive 
 
 June 2020  (1) 
 May 2020  (1) 
 February 2020  (1) 
 January 2020  (1) 
 November 2019  (2) 
 October 2019  (3) 
 September 2019  (4) 
 August 2019  (6) 
 July 2019  (5) 
 June 2019  (3) 
 May 2019  (5) 
 April 2019  (2) 
 March 2019  (3) 
 February 2019  (3) 
 January 2019  (3) 
 December 2018  (3) 
 November 2018  (3) 
 October 2018  (4) 
 September 2018  (2) 
 August 2018  (10) 
 July 2018  (5) 
 June 2018  (3) 
 May 2018  (5) 
 April 2018  (4) 
 March 2018  (6) 
 February 2018  (8) 
 January 2018  (6) 
 December 2017  (5) 
 November 2017  (7) 
 October 2017  (11) 
 September 2017  (16) 
 August 2017  (15) 
 July 2017  (14) 
 June 2017  (13) 
 May 2017  (13) 
 April 2017  (4) 
 March 2017  (3) 
 January 2017  (3) 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 No upcoming events 
 Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Up ↑ 
