Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Premiere 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (535) 
 IT & Programming  (203) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (72) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (133) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (42) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (14) 
 Others  (24) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (535) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (165) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (142) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (62) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (31) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (31) 
 Not Sure  (104) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (535) 
 Featured  (32) 
 Full Time  (5) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Premiere Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 3 of 3 results ) 
 Premiere 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Patriot Morning Minute 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 01st Jan 2021 Ends: 15th Feb 2021  4 Proposals 
 I need an animated opening sequence with our the text, "Patriot Morning Minute". The style of the animation and text should be just like School House Rock. This animation needs to be drawn, not pulled from th... 
 I need an animated opening sequence with our the text, "Patriot Morning Minute". The style of the animation and text should be just like School House Rock. This animation needs to be drawn, not pulled from the Internet...it must be original using that style. The intro should be about 30 seconds. Here is an example of a style of opening that I am looking for: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRuh9aBwUdM We start with an Eagle flying through the sky and landing on the flagpole, follow the flagpole down showing the American Flag and a Kite with a Key flying in the air, continue down to Benjamin Franklin holding the string of the kite. As you Pan out all the other elements come into the scene. We see the Capitol Building, the Statue of Liberty rises out from behind the Capitol, a Model T honks and pulls up in the lower left frame, Rosie the Riveter rises up from behind the right side of the capitol. Jackie Robinson steps into frame on the right side and hits a baseball toward the viewer. Uncle Sam, George Washington, Martin Luther King looking like he is speaking, Cesar Chavez holding a sign reading "United Farm Workers", Elvis Presley who strums his guitar once, Abraham Lincoln, Fredrick Douglas, Mark Twain, Albert Einstein, Ronald Reagan, Alexander Hamilton, Walt Disney, Betsy Ross sewing the flag, and Thomas Edison (a light bulb pops in above his head). These images should fill in the bottom half of the screen while fireworks fill the sky above. Then the Wright Brother's Plane come from the right side of the sky followed by the Space Shuttle coming up through the middle which takes us up to the moon and and an astronaut with NASA on his outfit floating in space. Thomas Edison will then pull a string on the light bulb over his head and the screen will go black for a second and show our Logo "Patriot Morning Minute" in School House Rock style font. All character have to be created from scratch using School House Rock as the style of character and design. We will need to approve each character and item before animating. Watch the School House Rock videos to get ideas and to understand the style and design I want... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqvLi7qZ_yU This will need to be in an MP4 or .mov format when submitting. Please submit any examples that fit in this genre of work. I will be very particular about the work done. I have attached a drawing that I did to represent what it should look like with some of the characters and layout... Thank you, David Van Wie (removed) (removed) 
 Skills:  Graphic Design ,  Cartoon ,  Animation ,  After Effects ,  Premiere 
 Client:  dvanwie 
 Graphic Designer 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Graphic Design  Posted: 29th Dec 2020 Ends: 12th Feb 2021  34 Proposals 
 Require a graphic designer on an urgent basis Must have experience of at least 6 months and more 
 Require a graphic designer on an urgent basis Must have experience of at least 6 months and more 
 Skills:  Illustrator ,  InDesign ,  Logo Design ,  Photoshop ,  Premiere 
 Client:  lightmind 
 Animation film 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Multimedia Animation  Posted: 07th Dec 2020 Ends: 4 days   9 Proposals 
 Hey we are making an animation film so we need few compositing artist who knows after effect , maya , nuke , 3d , 2d , 4d ... if you are intrsted to work with us then uh can contact us 
 Hey we are making an animation film so we need few compositing artist who knows after effect , maya , nuke , 3d , 2d , 4d ... if you are intrsted to work with us then uh can contact us 
 Skills:  3d ,  Animation ,  Cinema 4d ,  Graphic Design ,  Premiere 
 Client:  samaryaofficial002 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
