
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 The Rocket Complex - London Metropolitan University 
 The Rocket Complex Venue 
 ](https://rocketcomplex.wordpress.com/ "The Rocket Complex – London Metropolitan University") 
 
 what's on 
 student events 
 Venue Information 
 Hiring the venue 
 jobs at The Rocket 
 contact us 
 
 Twitter   Facebook 
 Blog Archives 
 Join our team of London Met students working in the Rocket venue now! 
 Aug 7 
 Posted by  RocketComplex 
 We are looking now for outgoing and fun loving LMU students to join our existing team of 'venue assistants'. Applications are open so get involved! 
 This fun and flexible position pays London Living Wage, and can fit around your studies. Work includes setting up and working at events in the venue, working on the bar, cloakroom, box office and promoting our events. 
 The Rocket runs a cafe bar and puts on the best student events from live shows to club nights, as well as private hire events. We have a vibrant and close knit student team who enjoy working and socialising together… it's a great opportunity to get involved with events at uni and make new friends, and all staff are paid the London Living wage! Don't delay,  apply today through Met Temps  - there are shifts waiting! 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  Job ,  LMU ,  london met ,  london metropolitan university ,  part time ,  party ,  position ,  role ,  socialise ,  student ,  student event ,  summer ,  summer job ,  The Rocket ,  uni ,  university 
 GETTIN' FRESH… 
 Aug 14 
 Posted by  RocketComplex 
 
 Starts Monday 24th September - events every night for 2 weeks!!! 
 FRESHERS FORTNIGHT   at THE ROCKET COMPLEX … 
 London Met's Freshers Fortnight starts on Monday 24th September, and goes on for 2 whole weeks. For nitelife it's all about us - London Met's awesome venue  THE ROCKET COMPLEX  on Holloway Road. It's got bars, pool tables, plasma screens all around the venue, with X-BOX 360 and PS3 to play on, a MASSIVE soundsystem, and a really cool courtyard garden which is great to chill in when you're not in lectures! 
 AMAZING FREE EVENTS FOR 2 WHOLE WEEKS … 
 We've got a whole host of events during Freshers - something for everyone. Our programme includes comedy, karaoke, club nights, movie nights, live music, DJs and more, and during the two weeks, it's ALL FREE for London Met students! The final programme will be released very soon! 
 The best way to stay on pulse with all the events you should be going to is  LIKE US on Facebook  and  FOLLOW us on Twitter , and keep a watchful eye on our blog (you're here now so well done you!). 
 One date for your diary - put it in RIGHT NOW! Don't forget the  FRESHERS PARTY  will be on  Friday October 12th . It's a guaranteed sellout and is the biggest event for London Met students of the whole Freshers period. 
 And what about prices … we're students yeh? 
 Of course the Rocket Complex is all about AMAZING deals for our London Met students. Get yourself a London Met  METCARD  now, and you will always get the BEST deals in London, including cheap entry to events, cheap drinks at the bar and cheap uni stuff and snacks in The Rocket Shop!! 
 Looking for work to make that loan less painful? 
 We're hiring London Met students now to work as venue assistants doing all manner of jobs at The Rocket Complex. The first step to working with us is to  apply online  with Met Temps. Once you've filled out the online application process, find us on Met Temps and apply for the job. If you have any difficulty with the system please email us on  entertainment@londonmet.ac.uk . 
 See you there! 
 Anyway we can't wait to see you guys and gals right from the very start of Freshers. If you have any ideas or questions or want to get involved, the best place is to email  entertainment@londonmet.ac.uk . 
 Posted in  All Events ,  Articles ,  Freshers 2012 ,  Information ,  September 2012 ,  Uncategorized 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  amazing ,  Bar ,  cinema ,  club ,  clubnight ,  Comedy ,  Contact ,  DJ ,  event ,  Freshers ,  Freshers Party ,  holloway road ,  Job ,  Karaoke ,  london ,  london met ,  london metropolitan university ,  Met Uni ,  north london ,  October ,  rocket ,  Rocket Bar ,  September ,  student ,  The Rocket ,  The Rocket COmplex ,  uni ,  university ,  Work 
 
 
 Welcome to The Rocket Complex 
 
 
 We are the bookable venue space of London Metropolitan University, based on Holloway Road, Islington, in the heart of bustling north London. 
 
 Check the menu above for info on regular nights and the venue. 
 
 
 Check out the events calendar below to see whats on. 
 
 
 Scroll to the bottom for other related links including how to get a Metcard. 
 
 
 
 Events Calendar 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter! 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
