Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Tenured / Chair 
 Bulletin: Jobs in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  October 7, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Current openings: 
 
 Assistant or Associate Professor, Israel Studies,  University of Washington 
 Assistant Professor of Israel Studies,  Binghamton University 
 Full Professor of Israel Studies,  Northwestern University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Brandeis University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Israel Institute 
 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies (George Washington University, apply by Dec 16, 2015) 
 Posted on  December 1, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies 
 The George Washington University 
 The Program in Judaic Studies at The George Washington University invites applications and nominations for a newly endowed chair, the Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies, to begin in the fall semester of 2016. The field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. We encourage applications from senior scholars working on any aspect of modern Israeli politics, history, society, or culture. The successful candidate will be prepared to teach undergraduate survey courses on modern Israel, as well as more specialized graduate and upper-division seminars, and will help shape a strong Israel Studies component within the Program in Judaic Studies. While the appointment of the successful candidate will be in the department of his or her specialization, he or she will be expected to affiliate with and participate in the intellectual life of Judaic Studies. 
 Basic Qualifications . Applicants are required to have a doctorate and should hold the rank of associate or full professor, or a comparable position, at the time of application. Applicants should have a clear research agenda as demonstrated by publications, works in progress and/or presentations, as well as substantial evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence. 
 Application Procedure . Applicants must complete an online application at  http://www.gwu.jobs/postings/30103  and upload a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, and writing sample. In addition, please list three references. Review of applications will begin on December 16, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Only completed applications will be considered. 
 Employment offers are contingent pending budgetary approval and the satisfactory outcome of a standard background screening. 
 The University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies (King's College, London) 
 Posted on  July 15, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies 
 Reference:  THW/15/059639/731 
 Salary Details:  £32,277 to £47,328 per annum 
 Allowances:  £2,323 per annum Ldn Allowance 
 Contract Type:  Permanent 
 Contract Term:  Full time 
 Summary: 
 The Institute of Middle Eastern Studies in the Faculty of Social Science & Public Policy is a leading centre of excellence for research, learning and teaching on one of the world’s most challenging, contested and important regions. Our research on the politics, international relations, history, political economy, and culture and society of the Middle East has a global reach, and through innovative research led teaching we train and create a diverse cohort of international post-graduate students who go on to work in and on the region. Our aim is to maintain and enhance our status as a global centre for advancing knowledge and understanding of the challenges the Middle East faces in the twenty first century. Since its inception, the Institute has consistently received the top rating in all research assessment exercises and its academics have established themselves as world leaders in their fields. To strengthen key areas of research and teaching within the Institute we are looking to appoint a full-time scale 6/7 Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies, with a preferable start date of September 2015 but no later than January 2016. 
 Details: 
 The Institute of Middle Eastern Studies welcomes applications from internationally outstanding candidates for the position of Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies. The successful candidate will be trained in some aspect of the political economy, international relations, and/or politics of the Middle East. S/he will have an emerging research portfolio of international standing in Middle Eastern Studies and be able to contribute strongly to teaching and supervision at all three levels. As well as having Middle East area expertise, the successful candidate will be able to teach theory. S/he will teach and supervise BA students and contribute to the full range of the Institute’s clearly defined activities in postgraduate teaching and PhD supervision, research (including grant applications), and administration. 
 Post duration:  Indefinite contract. 
 Salary:  The appointment will be made, dependent on relevant qualifications and experience, within the Grade 6/7 scale, £32,277 - £47,328 (depending upon experience) plus £2,323 London Weighting Allowance, per annum. 
 Contact Information:  To apply for this post you will need to register with the university’s recruitment system, HireWire, to download and submit the application form. Please note, if you are submitting a CV or a short statement these will need to copied and pasted into the application form as part of the same document, as the system only allows you to submit one document. Application forms must also be in word format, not PDF. Please also note, once submitted, your application cannot be edited. 
 Interviews will be held in the first week of September 2015. 
 Equality of opportunity is College policy 
 Closing date:  14 August 2015 
 Click here to register and download the application form: 
 https://www.hirewire.co.uk/HE/1061247/MS_JobDetails.aspx?JobID=63192 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Director of the Younes and Soraya Nazarian Center for Israel Studies, UCLA 
 Posted on  August 28, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The UCLA International Institute seeks applications for a full-time faculty position in Israel Studies to serve as Director of the Younes and Soraya Nazarian Center for Israel Studies. A qualified candidate may also be appointed to the Rosalinde and Arthur Gilbert Foundation Endowed Chair in Israel Studies. The ideal candidate should hold a PhD, JD, MBA, MFA, or other appropriate terminal degree and be an outstanding scholar and teacher, an enterprising intellectual leader, and a collegial presence who forges collaborations with faculty and students across UCLA to further multidisciplinary research on Israel. There is a strong preference for candidates who are qualified for appointment to a tenured position at an appropriate level in any appropriate department and discipline. 
 Originally founded in 2005 as the UCLA Israel Studies Program, the Nazarian Center was established in 2010 as the first full-fledged Israel Studies center on the West Coast and one of three in the nation that are named and endowed. Located in Los Angeles, which boasts the second-largest Jewish and Israeli communities in the United States, the Center is a premier source of scholarship and education about Israel. Through a commitment to academic rigor and interdisciplinary approaches, the Nazarian Center fosters a broad understanding of Israel and its place in the region and the world. More information about the Center can be found here  http://web.international.ucla.edu/israel . 
 The UCLA International Institute, which houses the Nazarian Center, is the central hub for global and area studies at UCLA. Founded in 1958, the International Institute educates students, champions scholarship and builds academic partnerships here and abroad. Its more than 25 centers and programs promote innovative multidisciplinary research and educational opportunities in virtually every region of the world. More information about the UCLA International Institute can be found here  http://web.international.ucla.edu/institute/home . 
 Applicants should send a letter of interest, CV, research agenda, select relevant publications, and the names and contact information of three references  to UCLA Recruit:  https://recruit.apo.ucla.edu/apply/JPF00207  . Review of applications will begin  Sept 1, 2014  and continue until a candidate is selected. Salary is commensurate with experience. We encourage applications from women, minorities, and individuals with a history of mentoring under-represented minorities. UCLA is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer with a strong institutional commitment to achieving and supporting diversity among its faculty, students, and staff. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Jewish and Israeli History , Wake Forest University, Associate or Full 
 Posted on  June 17, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Wake Forest University, History 
 The Mike and Deborah Rubin Chair of Jewish and Israeli History for an appointment at the associate or full professor level 
 Institution Type: College / University 
 Location: North Carolina, United States 
 Position: Associate Professor, Full Professor 
 Jewish and Israeli Studies. 
 Wake Forest University invites applications for the Mike and Deborah Rubin Chair of Jewish and Israeli History for an appointment at the associate or full professor level beginning July 2014. Research may be focused on any aspect of Jewish history; preference will be given to those who will enhance the interdisciplinary strengths of the University. The teaching duties include Jewish history as well as Israeli history, and must include an introductory level World Civilizations course. Excellent teaching of undergraduates and high-quality scholarship are central to Wake Forest’s mission. To apply, please send a letter of application, c.v., transcript copies, and separate statement of teaching philosophy to  https://wakejobs.silkroad.com . Three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent to  letters@wfu.edu . Technical problems with submissions may be directed to (336) 758-4700. All materials must be received no later than October 1, 2013. Wake Forest University welcomes and encourages diversity and seeks applicants with demonstrated success in working with diverse populations. Wake Forest seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce to maintain the excellence of the University, and to offer students richly varied disciplines, perspectives, and ways of knowing and learning. AA/EOE. 
 Contact: 
 To apply, please send a letter of application, c.v., transcript copies, and separate statement of teaching philosophy to  https://wakejobs.silkroad.com . Three confidential letters of recommendation should be sent to  letters@wfu.edu . Technical problems with submissions may be directed to 336-758-4700. 
 Website:  https://wakejobs.silkroad.com 
 -- 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Professor of Israel Studies at Northeastern University 
 Posted on  February 7, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Northeastern University invites nominations and applications for a specialist in Israel Studies to be appointed at the rank of professor, associate professor, or assistant professor beginning Fall 2013. The successful candidate will be an outstanding researcher and teacher whose work makes a central disciplinary contribution in the social sciences or history, as well as to Israel and Middle East Studies. The field of specialization is open, and the College of Social Sciences and Humanities is particularly interested in enhancing strengths in international relations, political economy, or international security. The appointment will be in one or more of the College for Social Sciences and Humanities’ departments or schools and may reach into its International Affairs Program. 
 Qualifications: A doctoral degree by the start date is required. 
 Additional Information: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, including a statement on teaching, a CV, a statement of current and future research plans, a writing sample of no more than fifty pages, and contact information for three referees or a dossier service. To apply visit the College of Social Sciences and Humanities website at:  http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/  and click on the Faculty Positions button. Please address inquiries about the position to Mitchell Orenstein, Chair of the Israel Studies Search Committee,  m.orenstein@neu.edu . 
 Review of applications will begin February 22, 2013, but the search will remain open until the position is filled. 
 https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=46285 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Northeastern University  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Chaiken Family Chair in Jewish Studies (Penn State) 
 Posted on  August 6, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Jewish Studies Program at The Pennsylvania State University invites applications for the Chaiken Family Chair in Jewish Studies, a tenured position that will begin in August, 2013. Established faculty in all areas of Jewish Studies are invited to apply, but one of the following fields is preferred: Judaism in the Hellenistic/Roman Periods; Modern Israeli/Middle Eastern History; or American Jewish History (Early Modern or Modern). Applicants should currently hold the rank of associate professor or professor. Tenure would be granted in another Liberal Arts field depending on the successful candidate’s expertise, for example, history or classics and ancient Mediterranean studies. 
 While the particular area of research specialization is open, the ideal candidate will have a proven record of research and publications that forge connections across traditional disciplinary boundaries and new fields of inquiry. We seek a distinguished scholar with a dynamic research agenda, who will play a leadership role in our growing program. Excellent teaching abilities and a strong interest in teaching courses at all levels are essential. 
 Applications received on or before December 1, 2012 will be guaranteed full review. 
 Applications for the position must be submitted electronically at the following Web site:  www.la.psu.edu/facultysearch/ . Please send a letter of application describing both current and future research and teaching/mentoring experience; a full CV, including the names and contact information of three references, and representative publications. 
 Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Sussex, Yossi Harel Chair in Modern Israel Studies 
 Posted on  February 10, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Yossi Harel Chair in Modern Israel Studies Ref 528 
 School of **History, Art History & Philosophy 
 ** Department of History 
 Salary range:  Professorial salary is determined by negotiation; the minimum annual full time salary as of October 2011 was £54,283 per annum. 
 Expected start date:  1 September 2012 (or at a later date by agreement) 
**Interview date to be confirmed 
**  Closing date for applications:  12 March 2012 
 Description 
 The University of Sussex intends to appoint a distinguished individual to the newly created Yossi Harel Chair in Modern Israel Studies. The Chair is funded by a generous donation and will be based in the Department of History in the School of History, Art History and Philosophy. 
 The Chair is envisaged as the first of several appointments in the history of the region, and will make an important contribution to the development of a new Middle East Studies programme at the University. The post holder will be expected to promote and develop links between academic researchers and teachers in the Middle East and the UK. 
 The successful candidate will join a thriving, collegial department with an international reputation for academic excellence, a commitment to interdisciplinary study and a student community which is both well-qualified and intellectually ambitious. Accordingly, the person we seek will be committed to working inclusively, and be willing to think across traditional disciplinary boundaries in crafting an original and compelling analysis of their subject, both in their research and their teaching. 
 We conceive that the post will appeal to an ambitious individual, with a demonstrable track record of high quality teaching and research, who is keen to take a leading role in developing this and related subject areas across the School. 
 More details at:  http://www.sussex.ac.uk/aboutus/jobs/528 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Schottenstein Chair in Israel Studies (OSU) 
 Posted on  September 24, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Saul and Sonia Schottenstein Chair 
 in Israel Studies 
 Ohio State University 
 The Melton Center for Jewish Studies at The Ohio State University invites applications for the Saul and Sonia Schottenstein Chair in Israel Studies. 
 Candidates may be of any rank; Assistant Professors will be eligible for the honorific title at the time of promotion and tenure. Candidates may be from any discipline within the College of Arts and Sciences, including (but not limited to): Comparative Studies, Economics, Film Studies, Gender Studies, Germanic Languages and Literatures, History, Near Eastern Languages and Cultures, Philosophy, Political Science, or the Sciences. The academic unit of appointment will be based on the candidate's area of expertise. 
 The Chair appointee will teach and promote scholarship about the modern State of Israel, and must be able and willing to teach, as part of the regular teaching load, at least one undergraduate lecture course annually on an aspect of contemporary Israel. The Chair appointee is also expected to mentor students and provide them with information on internships related to Israel and the area of Israel Studies. The successful applicant will also serve as a community and university resource for Israel Studies. 
 Qualified applicants must possess native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and hold a Ph.D. or terminal degree in their field of expertise.  Send letter of application, CV, and a sample of recent written work to Schottenstein Chair Search Committee, College of Arts and Sciences, 114 University Hall, 230 North Oval Mall, Columbus, OH 43210. Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2011 and continue until the position is filled . 
 The Ohio State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Women, minorities, Vietnam-era veterans, disabled veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 http://chronicle.com/jobs/0000692062-01 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Classical and Modern Jewish and Hebrew Literature (Harvard) 
 Posted on  September 24, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Classical and Modern Jewish and Hebrew Literature 
 Harvard University 
 Harvard University seeks to make an appointment in Classical and Modern Jewish and Hebrew Literature. The successful applicant will be a scholar of Hebrew language and literature, who studies the subject comparatively and contextually (e.g. through the comparative study of other languages and literatures, through the application of various disciplinary approaches, etc.). Modern period expertise is preferred, and a solid grounding in classical Hebrew texts is strongly desired. 
 The rank of the appointment is open; junior scholars are especially encouraged to apply. A strong doctoral record is required. 
 Departmental affiliation to be determined. Teaching duties include four courses per year at the undergraduate and graduate levels; demonstrated excellence in teaching strongly desired. 
 Candidates should submit cover letter, CV, teaching statement, research statement, evidence of teaching effectiveness, and the names and contact information of three references by applying online at 
 https://academicpositions.harvard.edu/postings/3713 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
