Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate, Client Services 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You'll Be 
 The Client Services (CS) team has the global mandate of client onboarding and risk reviews for the Capital Markets lines of business. The CS team is primarily responsible for end-to-end client onboarding and risk review activities, which consists of client data collection for record keeping purposes through research and/or interaction with front office/clients. Client data is captured in the client onboarding system together with supporting documentation to meet the Anti-Money Laundering/Know Your Client (AML/KYC) Regulations. Accurate client data is required for Regulatory and Tax reporting. 
 Reporting to the Director and team leader, the incumbent is primarily responsible to perform quality assurance on AML risk reviews conducted by Analysts for onboarded clients according to their AML risk ratings. The incumbent may also be required to participate in Capital Markets strategic initiatives under the leadership of the Head of CS. 
 How You'll Succeed 
 Review and approve AML client due diligence (CDD) cases submitted in the client onboarding system by following the CIBC AML/ATF Standards and CS Procedures on AML/KYC and other relevant Guidelines/Job Aids. 
Ensure data and documentation collected in each case are correct as per relevant CDD requirements in each and all regions; and if not correct, provide adequate explanations for Analyst who submitted the case to effect the necessary corrections prior to approving the case. Follow up with each Analyst to ensure that the corrected case is re-submitted for approval within 1 - 2 business days. 
Coach/train Analysts and new team members, as needed and ensure Analysts’ submission tracker for all assigned cases are kept up-to-date by both Analyst and Reviewer. 
Be familiar with activities associated with the Analyst role in order to be able to step into the role to understand the work involved in order to provide coaching and advice to them in an appropriate or relevant manner. 
Maintain an average output of reviewed cases of 3 – 5 per day; and keep the number of submitted cases in the reviewer’s queue to under 5 business days. 
Ensure all cases are completed prior to the next scheduled review date, except those that are part of the remediation project. 
Coordinate with teams within CS that are responsible for client and product onboarding in order to drive process efficiency. 
Act as escalation point for clients, front office - sales and traders, and internal stakeholders by addressing documents that are missing during the Analyst’s outreach for CDD refresh, and address any concerns from all stakeholders and resolve their queries in a professional manner. 
Keep team leader informed regularly of all activities, especially on important issues where further escalation may be required. 
With the support of the team leader, escalate issues on a timely manner to the right contacts surrounding the risk review process for the clients assigned. 
Work within a challenging, fast paced environment where priorities often shift and able to handle demands from team leaders and stakeholders. 
Be accountable at all times, taking ownership of initiatives and activities assigned by team leader from time to time and strive to deliver by or before the agreed deadline(s). 
 Who You Are 
 1 to 3 years of Quality Assurance or Quality Control (QA or QC) or Reviewer experience in the area of AML/KYC, preferably in the Capital Markets line of business. 
Must be vigilant in delivering results, have strong attention to details, and focus on overcoming obstacles. 
Must be able to understand fully and quickly CIBC AML/ATF Standards and Capital Markets products/transactions. 
A "can do" and proactive attitude is a must with a passion for idea generation and driving solutions. 
Ability to directly address conflicts and escalate issues, when and where appropriate, maintaining a sense of urgency to ensure onboarding targets are met. 
Strong results-orientation that includes adherence to deadline while maintaining high quality results/output. 
Ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization, including clients and front office individuals to deliver high quality and timely deliverables. 
Strong sense of accountability and ownership over "client experience" and end-to-end client onboarding processes. 
Review and hold individuals responsible for performance metrics and service level agreements. 
Excellent organization, problem solving, and time management skills. 
Adaptable, flexible and willing to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. 
Comfortable working with a team or individually with an objective to proactively deliver excellent results, which may involve shifting priorities and multi-tasking. 
Strong working experience with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel. 
University degree – under-grad or post-grad, with background in finance and accounting is an asset. 
Knowledge of the Fenergo Client Lifecycle Management system an asset. 
Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive :  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop :  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning. 
 Prosper :  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-161 Bay St., 9th 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
