Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 6 New Trends in Employee Benefits 
 Jennifer Kwasnicki    27th July    Your Job   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=6%20New%20Trends%20in%20Employee%20Benefits%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Femployee-benefits-trend%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I work for an amazing company that offers  employee benefits  I never expected to encounter in a job. 
 And, no, I don't work in one of those offices with a pinball machine and a beer fridge. I work for a company that has thought long and hard about providing employees with benefits that align to its goals and values. 
 When I started at my job, I was immediately floored by the revelation that I got a "fitness break" (an allotted time each day to exercise—on the clock). As a working mom, my fitness regime to that point basically consisted of chasing a toddler around the house or racing to put out the garbage cans before the truck rolled up. So, when this opportunity appeared, I couldn't believe that someone was actually paying me to take care of myself. 
 It seemed too good to be true, but it was real. And each day that I hopped on the treadmill or picked up the weights, I was extremely appreciative. 
 Plus, I was starting to notice something else. 
 I was beginning to reap the benefits of regular exercise. More energy. Better focus. Less sickness. 
 I realized that there was more to this perk than I had originally thought. Not only was  I  benefiting, my  employer  was getting a better employee out of the deal. 
 Whoa. 
 What's more, my employer even brought in added benefits to support this health-focused initiative. 
 They supplied a personal trainer to help with setting and (more importantly) reaching fitness goals, stocked up the kitchen with local organic fruit, and even converted "sick days" into opportunities for employees to take a proactive approach to health (think dentist visits and days off to participate in healthful activities). 
 And now—close to seven years later—I'm not only healthier, happier, and  more productive  than I ever imagined I could be. I’m also an extremely loyal employee who is eternally grateful to have found my place in an organization that is both wise enough to see the benefits of offering such perks, but also values their employees as people. 
 Awesome New Trends in Employee Benefits 
 Looking back, I feel pretty lucky to have been benefiting from this fledgling trend when it was barely on the radar of so many companies. And, if you're reading this and thinking, "Where can I sign up?" Don't worry—many organizations are now providing fitness incentives and other types of equally exciting employee benefits. Here are just a few. 
 1. On-Site Childcare Facilities 
 Childcare costs a fortune. And it can be really hard to drop your kids off and drive away. 
 Because of this, many employers are now looking at ways to help. According to  CNN's "100 Best Companies to Work For"  report, this enticing benefit is creeping its way into the mainstream in the form of reduced-cost, on-site day care centers, which allow employees to visit their children during the day and rest assured that they're safely nearby. 
 2. Eldercare Benefits 
 And for those who are caught in the sandwich generation (taking care of young children  and  aging parents simultaneously) eldercare benefits are becoming a perk to look for. From allowing elderly relatives to be added to health insurance to providing eldercare consultants, employers are aiming to take stress off employees, allowing them to focus on their work and minimize work/life balance struggles. 
 3. (Paid) Volunteering Opportunities 
 Triple bottom lines (a focus on profits, people, and the planet) are becoming more and more commonplace for organizations. And employers are recognizing that  personal fulfillment  is an important piece of the puzzle when it comes to  employee satisfaction . That's why organizations are more frequently offering staff the chance to participate in volunteer activities on company time. 
 4. Pet-Friendly Offices 
 You've probably heard about the benefits of having pets. Well, apparently employers have caught on to this too. While some progressive companies have been pet-friendly for a while, it's becoming more and more common to see water dishes next to the water cooler in offices across the country. 
 You can even find dog-friendly job search tools, such as this  one . 
 5. Paid Sabbaticals 
 Not only are progressive companies growing the number of holidays offered to employees, they are also offering  paid time off  to long-time employees who want to pursue personal or professional development goals. Sabbaticals used to be reserved for those in the world of academia, but that's no longer the case. 
 And these sabbaticals can range from a couple of weeks all the way up to an entire year in some cases. With the idea of helping employees to recharge, refocus, and grow as individuals, organizations aim to get back team members who can bring even more to the table. 
 6. Other Innovative Perks 
 This is just the beginning. There is a slew of other enviable benefits that are starting to enter the spectrum of job perks such as on-site concierge services, meals, and massages. This  Business Insider  article highlights some of the employers leading in this arena. 
 What 's the bottom line? 
 When you're looking for your next job, it might be wise to look beyond the numbers on your potential paycheck. Money isn't always the bottom line. 
 If you're like most people, you'll probably be spending a  significant amount of time  at your place of work. So, why not invest in your happiness by  choosing a job  with an organization that is committed to you. 
 Your future health and happiness will thank you. I know mine has. 
 What about you? What employee benefits and perks would you like to see at your job? 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 trends in employee benefits ,  current trends in employee benefits ,  Employee benefit trends ,  employee benefits trends 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 By  Jennifer Kwasnicki  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 This post was contributed by Jennifer Kwasnicki, a writer for a number of career and education-focused web sites, including  Trade-Schools.net , as well as  Trade-Schools.ca , its Canadian counterpart. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     7 Communication Tips That Get You Noticed  
  _ _     5 Workplace Trends to Watch  
  _ _     How to Avoid Office Conflict  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Daquan Wright  on the 27th July 
 
 Reply   
 I build personal, sick, and vacation days (also have health, dental, and vision insurance). I'm pretty satisfied at this stage of my life, but I'm always aiming for higher. 
 Maybe in the future I'll get some of these super perks. 😉 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
