Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Analyst - International - 18 month term 
 SMART Technologies 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Purpose of the position 
 The Senior Financial Analyst supports internal clients with relevant, timely and high-quality financial analysis that focuses on meeting SMART’s financial targets. This is a key role within the Finance team and is primarily responsible for the financial planning, forecasting and analysis of regional and global profitability. This role will be one of the financial Business Partners for other parts of the organization. Other projects and ad-hoc assignments will also form part of this exciting role. 
 Responsibilities and accountabilities 
 Financial Planning and Analysis 
 Build partnerships and maintain strong relationships with key leaders (Directors and Managers) across the various business teams 
Co-ordinating the budget every year and rolling forecast exercise each quarter to meet business strategies 
Assisting with the weekly Financial Outlook process 
Facilitate financial reporting, by providing insight and guidance for revenue, gross margin operating expenses 
Ensuring revenue and costs are properly accrued in the correct periods by following up with both the business teams and Finance colleagues prior to the month-end close 
Preparing management reports in various format, including interactive dashboards each month that can be easily understood by non-financial managers 
 Other areas 
 Provide support and education on financial processes, accountabilities and timelines to the business teams 
Ensuring the appropriate internal controls are in place and documented 
Other duties as required 
 Supervision provided and received 
 Supervision will be provided by the Operation Controller 
Supervision will be a combination of regularly scheduled meetings and informal and ad hoc communications on urgent issues or as required 
 Working conditions 
 Office-based role, fast-paced work environment 
Typical office hours are from 0800-1700 M-F 
Timelines for reporting are tight, which may require working outside of normal business hours 
 Education and work experience 
 University degree 
 CPA designation or working towards designation, International designation (ACCA, CIMA) or University Equivalent (Dpl. Kfm, Maitrise, DECF) 
 At least four to five years of post-designation experience with financial planning and analysis, as well as management reporting 
 Good understanding of financial systems, financial processes and internal controls 
Ability and experience building and maintaining effective working relationships across all areas of the business, and with people at various levels up to senior management 
Detail oriented and organized 
Innovative, proactive, and self-directed 
Ability to manage competing priorities and ability to meet deadlines 
Strong written and verbal communication skills, combined with a strong customer focus 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen attention to detail 
Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage changing priorities 
Solid Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint skills 
Experience with Microsoft Dynamics and Microsoft PowerBI required 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment 
This position might require ad-hoc travel internationally (when it is safe to do so). 
18 month maternity leave coverage 
 Please note that SMART will be closed during the holiday season, returning January 2021. We will carefully consider your application upon our return for the initial screening and will contact you if you are selected to continue in the recruitment process. 
We apologize for the delay and wish you a happy holiday! 
 SMART Technologies Talent Team 
 At SMART Technologies, privacy is not an afterthought to us. Privacy is at the core of our software design. The result is that privacy is an essential component at the core of our business. To read more about our specific policies, please follow the links below. For more information please review: https://home.smarttech.com/legal/privacy-policy 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
