Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Field Operations Supervisor, Census 
 Statistics Canada 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Work environment 
 Statistics Canada conducts the Census of Population in order to develop a statistical portrait of Canada and Canadians on one specific day. The census is designed to provide information about people and housing units in Canada by their demographic, social and economic characteristics. The Census of Population is a reliable basis for the estimation of the population of the provinces, territories and municipal areas. The information collected is related to federal and provincial legislative measures and provides a basis for the distribution of federal transfer payments. The census also provides information about the characteristics of the population and its housing within small geographic areas and for small population groups to support planning, administration, policy development and evaluation activities of governments at all levels, as well as data users in the private sector. 
 Duties 
 As part of the Census Field Operations (CFO) management team, participates in the planning, organizing and control of Census field operations for an assigned area within a CFO district. 
 
 Supervises and coordinates a team of Crew Leaders; and follows up on and resolves collection, staff and pay issues. 
 Reviews authorized budgets and participates in the monitoring, analysis and evaluation of field operations by reviewing activity reports. 
 Authorizes Enumerators’ weekly payment, expenses and allowances. 
 Supervises performance and productivity measures in close collaboration with the Census Crew Leaders and managers in the CFO. 
 Trains and supervises Census Crew Leaders and provides advice and guidance on the recruitment and training of Census Enumerators. 
 Promotes respondent participation in the Census and participates in the implementation of regional communication strategies to promote the Census program to the public and staff. 
 Communicates orally and in writing with staff, respondents and individuals from Census Field Offices and Regional Census Centres. 
 Assesses resolves and responds to complaints coming from the public. 
 Reviews and monitors work methods and procedures to assess and improve the security and quality control of Census data collection. 
 Monitors and controls costs and quality to meet targets. 
 Participates in the debriefing and evaluation processes. 
 Works closely with other managers including FOS, Collection Support Unit (CSU) Manager, Assistant Manager Pay and Administrative Officer to resolve collection, processing, and pay issues. 
 Works closely with Recruiter and Field Operations Manager to meet recruitment targets. 
 
 In order to be considered, your application must clearly explain how you meet the following (essential qualifications) 
 A secondary school diploma or an acceptable combination of education, training and/or experience. 
 
 Experience in training and supervising staff. 
 Experience in managing projects. 
 Experience in performing basic computer functions (operating a mouse, keyboarding, opening /closing and locating software programs and files). 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $61,558.00-$66,324.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Overtime 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
