__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 Advertise With Us 
 
 
    The Source For Next Work Environments 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 Product Roundups 
 
 
 All Things NeoCon 
 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
 
 What's Next? 
 
 
 Competition 
 
 
 2020 Submission Snapshot 
 
 
 Meet The Jury 
 
 
 Video Interviews 
 
 
 Shortlist of Finalists 
 
 
 2020 Next Work Environment Competition Winners 
 
 
 
 
 Welcome to The Work Design Job Board 
 Work Design JOBS is an exciting launch that enhances our mission to explore the ideas that shape the places we work. It offers a chance to explore bold opportunities within the industry. 
 **In a rapidly growing industry, the best talent from a broad range of professional disciplines is in high demand. If you’re newly entering the workplace, switching careers, or just curious - this is a place to compare and test thought provoking ideas, leadership skills, and fresh opportunities for professional growth. ** 
 Check in regularly for new opportunities, as they update often. Our greatest hope is to provide you with the chance to achieve your dreams. Please share your experiences with us — we 'll be ready to hear about your success! 
 A brighter future awaits you. 
 
   
 Our Partners 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Ad Specs 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 2021 
 
 
 Industry News 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Media Kit 2021 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Write For Us 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 CS 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2021) 
 Back to top __ 
 Stay Informed & Inspired: The Source 
 
 CLOSE 
 WDM Screens Survey 2019 
 Work Design wants to hear from you! 
 You are invited to participate in a 3-minute survey that we are conducting about  screens in the workplace . 
 In exchange you'll be the first to get the results! 
 
