Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Casual Secretarial, Clerical & Library Technicians 
 Peel District School Board 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are seeking casual secretarial, clerical or library technicians for our supply pool. 
 There are a variety of positions in the administrative offices of the Board and in elementary or secondary schools. Note: To apply for this position, you are NOT required to purchase any credits. 
 Responsibilities typically include: 
 
 Student, staff and public reception 
 keyboarding 
 accounting 
 maintaining budget records 
 processing student attendance information 
 use of a variety of computer software 
 administrative assistance 
 
 Casual secretarial, clerical or library technician staff work on an “as needed” basis, filling in for staff who are away or on leave. Assignments vary from one or two days up to one year. Permanent positions, when available, are posted internally to the attention of all casual secretarial, clerical or library technicians. Both full-time and part-time positions exist – on either a 12-month or 10-month basis. 
 Qualifications: 
Secretarial/clerical applicants require a grade 12 diploma and several years of related experience. Library Technician positions require a Library and Information Technician Diploma plus related experience. 
 Criminal Record Check: 
For the safety of students, successful candidates will be required to submit a satisfactory criminal record check prior to the commencement of any employment duties. Recent changes made by the RCMP have resulted in significant processing delays for some candidates. You may wish to start the process to obtain your criminal record check as soon as possible. 
 Commitment to Equity: 
The Peel District School Board is committed to equity in employment. We are committed to equitable hiring practices that allow us to hire qualified staff who reflect the full diversity of the Region of Peel. We will make any reasonable accommodation, based on any of the human rights protected grounds, to support candidates to participate in the hiring process. 
 When contacted, candidates will be provided with an overview of the various elements of the selection process, such as tests and skill demonstrations. We will provide employment accommodation (i.e. an accessible location, rescheduling of interviews that fall on holy days) if we are advised of an applicant's needs in advance of any part of the selection process. 
 Recruitment Process: 
We appreciate the interest of all applicants, but will only be contacting candidates whose skills, experience and qualifications best meet the requirements of the position. All communication to applicants regarding this job posting, including an invitation to complete skill assessments and/or a job interview if applicable, will be made through email. Candidates are encouraged to regularly check their email as listed on their applytoeducation.com account. The recruitment and selection process for this position is ongoing throughout the year. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
