Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Rep Water Purification - Earn Top Buck 
 PeopleFind,Inc. 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 LIKE TO SELL? EARN TOP BUCK! GET A SOLID BRAND BEHIND YOU! WE NEED SALES REPRESENTATIVES FOR A WATER PURIFICATION FIRM. A WATER BACKGROUND IS REQUIRED . BENEFIT FROM THE ADVANTAGES AVAILABLE TO YOU BY WORKING WITH THIS BRAND. 
 Referrals $500:  PeopleFind will pay you $500 for referring a candidate should that candidate be hired for a position advertised. 
 Are you interested in earning $80,000 or more commission income per year? 
 Are you looking for a solid organization with effective marketing to support your sales effort? 
 Are you interested in representing a strong home comfort brand? 
 If so, our client can offer you the career that you’ve been looking for and we are interested in helping you obtain that opportunity. 
 LOCATION: 
GTA - Toronto, York Region, Brampton and Hamilton. The GTHA has more than 7.5 million residents - a huge market opportunity. Everyone drinks water! 
 ADVANTAGES TO YOU BY WORKING WITH THIS EMPLOYER: 
Excellent compensation package. 
 Local and national advertising support. 
 Thorough training period. 
 Opportunity to continuously learn and grow your skill sets. 
 Some leads are provided by the company; self-generation is expected. 
 Excellent commission rate. 
 RRSP program and benefit package offered. 
 Sales recognition program. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Your primary role will be to sell water treatment applications to residential customers in a straightforward, truthful and professional manner. 
 You are mandated to offer outstanding service, well-informed product advice, and customer support during in-field visits. 
 Utilize proven sales processes to maximize sales potential in the field, avoid shortcuts and complete full product demos, ensuring that each customer understands the benefits of each product/service. 
 Seek out self-generated new customer leads and initiate sales calls to potential customers in order to maintain sales quotas. 
 Generate leads from referrals, print advertising, social media, local home shows, etc. 
 Utilize every business opportunity to inform customers of products and services. 
 Respond to current customer’s needs as requested. 
 Follow up with new customers pre-installation and post-sale of product. 
 Discuss all products on a clearly understood level, answer customer’s questions and perform the technical aspects of the job such as water testing, etc. related to the features and benefits of the product. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
Prior experience building territories, generating prospects, and excelling in customer experience is an asset 
 Previous experience in the water industry or with residential sales is a definite asset. 
 A versatile self-starter who takes initiative and can work independently with minimal supervision. 
 Positive attitude, work ethic, strong interpersonal and good communication skills, both written and oral. 
 Pleasant, professional, friendly customer service demeanor is a must. 
 COMPENSATION: 
This is a 100% commission role. Compensation is based on sales performance. P rojected average earning for the territory is $80,000 / year; and the potential is there to achieve higher earnings. Employer pays candidates $750 / week during their training which can be 5-6 weeks in length. 
 TO APPLY: 
Send your resume to us via the APPLY Button appended to this ad, or, via email to submitoe@peoplefindinc.com . 
 If you need more information, please call Osborne at:  1-866-477-0855 ext 30. 
 All resumes are treated confidentially. 
 Please note that this position requires a Criminal Background Check. 
 Who is PeopleFind Inc: 
PeopleFind Inc. is an Executive Search firm committed to the delivery of outstanding results. As an owner/member of NPAWorldwide, a network comprising more than 500 independent recruiting firms, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, PeopleFind has access to hundreds of jobs in North America and across the globe. You may find your next job through PeopleFind and its affiliate recruiters. We are always pleased to receive your resume on spec should you wish us to keep it and contact you should appropriate position come along that is a match with your work experience. You may send your resume to charles@peoplefindinc.com. Visit our website at: www.peoplefindinc.com. Call Charles at: 1-866-477-0855 ext 21. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
