
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Freelance job 
 Freelance Studio Designer. CMD. Portland, OR, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 The studio designer designs across channels and platforms. Websites, social media, digital ads, presentations, collateral brochures—you can conceptualize and guide effective design solutions in every category. No two days are alike, and you’ll work on a mix of digital and print production design assignments. Our ideal candidate is a whiz with Adobe CC, proficient in Sketch and/or like software, has experience with HTML5 including Google Web Designer, and can work magic with PowerPoint. They are also eager and willing to bring and learn specialized skill sets and to maintain the agency’s standards 
 KEY SKILLS 
• At least 2-4 years experience in Adobe CC 
• A solid foundation in Sketch and/or like software, HTML5, and PowerPoint, plus an in-depth understanding of and experience with typography, layout, composition, color, and systematic design 
• Understanding of and experience with digital asset and font management systems 
• Ability to self-manage, strong workflow and organization skills, excellent file and folder management, and process appreciation 
 LIKE YOU TO HAVE 
• Demonstrated strength in setting up files for both digital and print work conforming to industry standard requirements 
• Motion graphic and 3D illustration skills and experience a plus 
• High-end image manipulation and color correcting experience 
 NICE TO HAVE 
• Jira, Basecamp, other workflow systems 
• Microsoft Office 
• Paid and organic social industry standards 
 Please check out our full job posting and apply through our website at: https://www.cmdagency.com/careers/ 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7741-cmd-studio-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Design, HTML, PowerPoint, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Paula Ordway 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
