Skip to content 
   
 thetropicalbabe 
 
 My Instagram 
 My Twitter 
 My Facebook Page 
 
 made in Bali, literally 
 Career Driven or Family Oriented (1) 
 thetropicalbabe December 2, 2020 Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 Previous 
 Next 
 It has to be the most troublesome question to answer for some people (mostly ladies) around my age. 
 Yesterday, my brother in law hooked me up with his COO, a Bahraini businessman, for an interview. 
 Both my sister and brother in law selling me out to the high-rank people in the region, which I should say, I am so grateful to be allowed to even talk to them. It's a super rare opportunity. 
 Okay, now you should get it by now that both my sister and brother in law are so passionate to keep me down here in Oman. 
 So yesterday, the COO asked me; "Your brother in law told me about you, but tell me, how is your living condition in Australia? Did you leave your family or kids there? Do you actually want to be here? Or you just filling up your time with some job until you're able to come back home?" 
 I shot my shoot, "No Sir, I am single." Okay, first of all, informing my marital status, which is a general question, sounds weird to me. In my head, it's like, fuck, I am single by law, and do I need to tell everyone about it all the time? FML. 
 "I believe I'm stuck here for a reason. I would like to stay for my career development." I mean, I gotta say that right? 
 And he goes, "Your brother told me you're planning to leave in March?" 
 Bloody hell, I haven't even decided, the Aus government hasn't even decided, and my brother dares to speak on behalf of us? "Not quite sure about that Sir." 
 "If we decided on employment, do you think you would be able to fly between Salalah, Muscat, and Bahrain all the time like that?", he asked. 
 "Absolutely. In fact, I was gonna go to Bahrain this year to watch the F1. But yeah, pandemic hit." 
 We talked for half an hour about my experience, the requirements and all. 
"I see you're special, a career-driven woman. You wouldn't have a problem with public-speaking I supposed?" 
 "Well, I think you would have noticed by now that I don't really shut up Sir." 
 He burst into a laugh, and went, "I will send you some general information about us, and we'll be in touch whether the job would be project-based or contract-based. " 
 Right after I left the COO office, I begin to question which type of category I fall into; career-driven or family-oriented. 
 For a second I thought, mate obviously, I'm all about my work and career. But then again, at some point in life, I want a partner, not sure about kids, it's a maybe, but it's on my future list. 
 Looking at my parents' relationship, they worked so well because my mom decided to sacrifice her career and follow my Dad. They travel together (following my Dad's job) as a family unit. 
 Meanwhile, I am so used to decide my path on my own. 
 If I were to decide to sacrifice my career for the guy I love, I would've been married to Andy, my 8 years on/off partner, or Brandon even. Which type of job, what kind of life I am having would've been completely different. 
 To be continued… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 career ,  Family ,  hopeless romantic ,  job ,  Life ,  love story ,  middle east ,  Romance 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Pancakes 
 Next My dear Brandon…  
 Published by thetropicalbabe 
 Made in Bali, Sydney based, a little Dutch.   View all posts by thetropicalbabe  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Translate 
 Category 
 
 Australia 
 Beach 
 Beauty 
 Family 
 Indonesia 
 Lifestyle 
 Romance 
 Travel 
 Uncategorized 
 
 The Author 
 thetropicalbabe 
 Made in Bali, Sydney based, a little Dutch. 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
