Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 5 Insights into Advancing In Your First Career 
 __ Nov 1 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 For those entering the workforce, finding the perfect job can be a turbulent task. And with  graduates struggling  to find careers, many are choosing to stay where they are. 
 Sticking with a job is a popular trend, as it offers familiarity, comfort, and the potential to better one’s future. 
 Sounds good, doesn’t it? But it’s important to make the right moves to advance a career. Here are 5 helpful insights into career advancing. 
 1. Demonstrate Passion 
 As a new hire, it’s important to demonstrate passion. 
 Even if it isn’t a career that’s particularly thrilling, showing passion for a job goes a long way. It may seem silly, but higher-ups notice the small details. 
 A positive attitude is one of the most desirable traits an employee can have. And studies suggest that infectious positivity is good for more than just putting a smile on peoples’ faces. A more positive workplace can directly translate to a  more productive work environment . 
 2. Never Stop Learning 
 A job isn’t just about completing a set of tasks day in and day out. That wouldn’t be very enjoyable, would it? 
 Sure, some people take this approach to work, but they’re missing out on the bigger picture. Career advancing opportunities offer the unique chance to grow one’s skillset. 
 Make sure to never stop learning. Research on and off the clock. It may seem like a ton of extra work…and in reality, it is. 
 But hard work and research ultimately pay off. Take the time to learn about the career itself, company history, past projects, and the future of the industry. 
 3. Don’t Be Afraid to Ask Questions 
 On a similar note, don’t be afraid to do some of the research in the workplace. Coworkers and bosses are all invaluable assets with combined decades of experience. 
 Asking the right question  when struggling with a tough task may seem like a sign of weakness, but in reality, it shows awareness of one’s limitations and a desire to improve. It shows a dedication and desire to better one’s self and their productivity. 
 Most people will be more than happy to lend a hand. So next time a task proves too difficult, remember there’s no harm in asking for help. 
 4. Career Advancing Isn’t Just About the Work Itself 
 Heed this next tip carefully: 
 A job isn’t just about the work. Part of advancing one’s career involves socializing and networking. Accordingly, it’s important to have a good idea of what’s in the area. 
 Check out sites like  FunGig  to find out what events are happening near you. 
 It’s important to find a great  work-life balance  with coworkers. Remember, they were once starting out, as well. They can likely relate to a new hire more than a new employee realizes. 
 5. Take Advantage of Benefits 
 Finally, be sure to take advantage of workplace benefits. From healthcare to discounts, most workplaces offer tons of great perks to keep employees happy. 
 And not only can these benefits save money, they can actually grow money. Most employers offer 401K matching, which is a great way to beef up a retirement fund. 
 Career Advancing Doesn’t Have to Be Hard 
 Career advancing can seem near impossible, but it’s all about sticking with it. Be diligent, ask questions, and never stop learning. 
 For more great career info, like how to start a new job, check out Working Home Guide’s  career section . 
 Posted in  Career ,  Guides 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
