Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Building Inspector 3 
 Capital Regional District 
 __Salt Spring Island, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Planning & Protective Services – Building Inspection, Salt Spring Island 
 Competition 
20/036eR 
 Status 
Regular Fulltime 
 Hours of Work 
70 hours bi-weekly 
 Rate of Pay 
$42.94 - $48.68 per hour 
 Review of applications begins 
4:00pm on October 7, 2020, however, this position will remain open until filled. 
 Notes 
Those candidates who do not hold the required qualifications may be considered as a Building Inspector 2, which offers a rate of pay of $37.85 to $42.94 per hour. 
 Summary 
Reporting to the Manager, Building Inspection, the Building Inspector 3 regulates building construction within a designated area of the Electoral Areas of the Capital Regional District and may be assigned to work in various CRD Building Inspection Offices. This position is also responsible for the efficient operation and administration of a building inspection office. 
 This position requires an acceptable criminal record check. The applicant/incumbent will be required to undergo a criminal record check in order to work in this position, and to report to their Supervisor if any criminal charges are laid against them that may be related to their employment in this position. 
 This position resides on Salt Spring Island. 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 Assists the Manager, Building Inspection by providing guidance to building inspection staff, on planning issues, inspection methods and code interpretation. 
Reviews and processes applications for building and plumbing permits to ensure conformity to BC Building Code, CRD and Islands Trust bylaws and other pertinent regulations. 
Reviews proposals for Building Code equivalency and researches Building Code issues, making recommendations to the Manager. 
Issues permits, stop work orders and work correction orders as covered by the Building Bylaw. 
Investigates and gathers evidence of violations, complaints and other non-conformance issues and prepares reports for review by the Manager Building Inspection, as required. 
Participates in the process of filing notice on land title of delinquent permit files. 
Audits the building process to ensure compliance and performs progressive inspections for new construction, plumbing, alterations, repair and demolition of buildings and structures. 
Provides input for subdivision proposals to the Ministry of Transportation, Islands Trust Planning Department and/or the Juan de Fuca Planning Department with respect to CRD objectives. 
Obtains all required approvals before authorizing the issuance of a building permit. 
Participates in the maintenance of records related to building permit files. 
Reviews and prepares correspondence related to building issues, enquiries and complaints. 
Assists in the development of new permit fees and revisions to the Building Bylaw and confers with the Planning Department with regard to proposed new zoning bylaws. 
Provides information and interpretation of proper procedures and of the requirements of BC Building Code and Plumbing Code. 
Civic address information for emergency services requirements. 
Follows all policies, procedures and standards of the CRD. 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 Two year community college or technical school program, 10 years’ experience in construction at a senior level, five years’ experience as a building inspector in a local government setting, and Level 2 Certification with the Building Officials Association of BC required, with Level 3 Certification preferred. 
A current criminal record check is required. 
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal and customer service skills are required. 
Thorough knowledge of the BC Building Code, Plumbing Code, zoning bylaws and other regulation governing the construction, alteration and repair of buildings. 
Knowledge and understanding of WorkSafeBC practices/protocols, Workers’ Compensation Act and OH&S Regulations and other relevant safety statutes. 
Good working knowledge of the Local Government Act/Community Charter requirements pertaining to building regulations. 
Knowledge of and ability to use various computer word processing, spreadsheet and project scheduling programs and databases. 
Conflict resolution skills and ability to diffuse difficult situations. 
Proven ability to manage and supervise staff. 
Ability to make mathematical computations and tabulations with a high degree of accuracy and proficiency. 
Ability to enforce bylaw and code requirements and deal with the public in an effective manner. 
Capable of working effectively under pressure. 
Able to work harmoniously with contractors and owners to resolve construction problems and enforce bylaw requirements. 
Must possess a valid BC Driver’s Licence. 
 Applications 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and covering letter online at www.crd.bc.ca under “Careers”. 
 The CRD thanks you for your interest and advises only those candidates under active consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
