Travelling Mystery 
 Travel, lifestyle and fashion experiences & experiments of a self-employed mystery guest & blessed-beyond-measure mother and wife. 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Travels, Tours & Tastes 
 Travel Tips & Tricks 
 Travel Industry News 
 Reis in Afrikaans 
 Travel with Kids 
 Travel in Style 
 Destination Photography 
 Living life 100% 
 
 15Feb2019 
 Quirky Jo'burg Street Food 
 Posted in  Travels, Tours & Tastes  by  travellingmystery 
 Clever wordplay got me to visit  Sumting Fresh , a diner-like restaurant that knows everything there is to know about street food. If I only knew what I was getting into… 
 When I first heard about  Sumting Fresh , I thought: "Hey, another healthy eatery in town!" To my surprise, that was not exactly the case. The name rather suggests that its menu is fresh. New. Unique. Different. What it doesn't suggest is that almost everything on the menu is deep-fried, which I suppose is what street food is all about. 
 What started out as street food trucks at local markets, evolved into a quirky, yellow-framed, diner-style eatery in Norwoord, Johannesburg.  Sumting Fresh  has been catering to people in Jo'burg's streets for about 2 years now, with a menu that seems to be ever evolving as customers dine and comment. 
 Chef Andrew says things have changed a lot since they originally started. A menu that was initially launched with very similar items to that of other food trucks at local markets, evolved into a menu that features  Sumting Fresh  in comparison to the usual street food options available at markets, festivals and events. 
   
   
   
   
   
 Their jam jars are delightful with choices like Elderflower, Grinadella Passion and Kiwi Apple - all very refreshing and delicious. A popular newcomer to the menu is the Cheese Burger Springrolls and you'd be surprised at how many other things they have found to deep-fry. From deep-fried Mac and Cheese Balls drizzled with a tomato salsa and cheese to Gua Bao (two Taiwanese steamed buns with crumbed, deep-fried chicken) and much more. 
 I believe the word "fresh" has got a new meaning. At least at  Sumting Fresh  it has. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 deep-fried ,  Jo'burg ,  street food ,  sumting fresh   3 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 « New SAA Voyager Cheque Card - What you need to know 
 Restaurant Trends in South Africa » 
 3 thoughts on "Quirky Jo'burg Street Food" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Quirky Jo’burg Street Food — Travelling Mystery - Three Rivers Novelties 
 
 
 Joelle 
 
 
  May 23, 2019 at 7:23 pm  
 That is a very fun blog post! On the other side of the world - thanks for the review - I will re-post it out. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [travellingmystery](https://travellingmysteryguest.wordpress.com)
 
  September 15, 2020 at 12:49 pm  
 Thanks, Joelle! 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
  Facebook  
  Pinterest  
  Twitter  
  YouTube  
 
 Follow Travelling Mystery on WordPress.com 
 Follow TMG via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 750 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow TMG 
 Blog Stats 
 
 52,599 hits 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 Different types of Tourists 
 Contact Us 
 South Africa 
 082 336 1562 / enquire@travellingmystery.co.za 
 Monday - Friday 
08:00 - 17:00 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 Tags 
 customers   customer service   guesthouse   guests   hospitality   hotel   restaurant   South Africa   tourism   Travelling Mystery Guest 
 
 
 
 February 2019 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jan   Mar » 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
