Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Controller (Audi Downtown Toronto) 
 AWIN 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Summary 
 How would you like to work with one of Canada's most prestigious and well respected automotive groups? Join Auto World Imports Network! 
 Headquartered in Thornhill Ontario, we are a premier network of 16 luxury automobile dealerships as well as 3 state of the art collision centres in the Greater Toronto Area. 
 Our company values its customers and employees and is invested in principles for success. We value doing business with integrity and adhere to the highest ethical standards. 
 Our Audi Downtown Toronto dealership is looking for an experienced Controller to join our amazing team! 
 Benefits 
 We offer competitive salaries and generous benefits! 
 Excellent Group Benefits package 
Group RRSP Contribution program 
Work/life balance 
Training and support programs 
Boot and tool allowance 
Tuition reimbursement program 
Corporate support 
Mentorship and development 
Unlimited careers opportunities within our automotive group 
 The Dealership Controller controls the financial affairs of the organization. This position prepares financial statements with supporting schedules to guide the General Manager of the dealership. 
 The Controller is responsible for monitoring the dealership’s financial direction, policies, accounting practices, as well as conducting relationships with lending institutions and the financial community. The Controller is also responsible for the maintenance of fiscal records and the preparation of financial reports. The position involves supervision over general accounting, property accounting, cost accounting and internal auditing. 
 Core Accountabilities 
 Develop, analyze and interpret statistical and accounting information in order to appraise operating results in terms of profitability, performance against budget and other fiscal matters. 
Maintain dealership system of accounts while keeping books and records of all business transactions and assets. 
Prepare various reports that outline the dealership’s financial position in the areas of income, expenses and earnings based on past, present and future operations. 
Maintain control of the annual financial budget and forecasts; analyze and report variances. 
Ensure that the dealership accounting complies with tax laws and requirements; both federal and provincial. 
Furnish various reports, both internal and external as required. 
Determine depreciation rates to apply to capitalized items and advise management on desirable operational adjustments due to tax revisions. 
Evaluate and recommend insurance coverage protection against property losses and potential liabilities. 
Manage the accounting department staff; hire, train, motivate, develop – in order to meet company needs and objectives. 
 Requirements 
 Minimum of three years of automotive or related industry experience 
University Degree 
CPA/CMA designation is an asset. 
Proven ability to influence change and effectively lead projects; collect and analyze data; and develop and communicate recommendations 
Excellent communication, interpersonal and time management skills 
Sound understanding of audit process methodology 
Strong risk management advisory abilities 
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and meet deadlines 
Ability to analyze business process and maintain internal controls 
Proficient with CDK and/or Reynolds systems; ability to operate PC-based software, e.g. Excel, PowerPoint, Word 
Strong leadership skills 
 Personal Attributes 
 Passion, motivation, focus and leadership skills 
Results focused approach 
Team player 
Strong communication skills both written and verbal 
Ability to influence, negotiate and mediate effectively 
Strong attention to detail 
Ability to maintain confidentiality and professionalism 
Excellent interpersonal and team building skills 
Strong time management and organizational skills 
Honest, courteous and able to demonstrate strong work ethics 
Driven and ability to work with minimum supervision 
 APPLY FOR A REWARDING CAREER TODAY! 
 We thank all applicants for their response; however only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
 AWIN is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter (or email) 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
