Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](http://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Career 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-use-and-win-with-ebays-watch-list/ "How to Use and Win with eBay’s Watch List") 
 How to Use and Win with eBay’s Watch List 
 There are two types of people who shop on eBay: those who are will to pay a higher price make their purchase right then and there and those who want … 
 Read More about How to Use and Win with eBay’s Watch List 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-become-a-freelance-writer-with-no-experience/ "How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All") 
 How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All 
 Becoming a freelance writer is many people's dreams. However, how to become a freelance writer with no experience is downright daunting. Getting your first paid writing gig is a big … 
 Read More about How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All 
 ](http://worksion.com/negotiate-your-freelance-rate/ "How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!)") 
 How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!) 
 "What's your hourly rate?""Can you give me a project estimate?" These dreaded questions can turn an otherwise smashing interview into awkward-city. Negotiating your freelance rate can leave you feeling very … 
 Read More about How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!) 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-create-steady-freelance-income/ "How to Create Steady Freelance Income") 
 How to Create Steady Freelance Income 
 For those looking for an alternative to the rat race, life as a freelancer can seem pretty sweet. When you work as a freelancer, you can set your own hours, … 
 Read More about How to Create Steady Freelance Income 
 ](http://worksion.com/common-bookkeeping-mistakes/ "4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them)") 
 4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them) 
 The creative spirit may have launched your business, but it is the financial side that will sustain it. Very few people are born with a love bookkeeping but it's essential … 
 Read More about 4 Common Bookkeeping Mistakes for Freelancers (And How to Avoid Them) 
 ](http://worksion.com/what-to-do-when-ebay-sales-are-down/ "What to Do When eBay Sales Are Down (Besides Panic)") 
 What to Do When eBay Sales Are Down (Besides Panic) 
 Have you noticed your eBay sales are down or slowing? It's a reason that strikes fear for most eBay sellers. Whether it's a bad economy or regular seasonal decline in … 
 Read More about What to Do When eBay Sales Are Down (Besides Panic) 
 ](http://worksion.com/variable-pricing-why-you-shouldnt-charge-all-clients-the-same-amount/ "Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount") 
 Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 Should you charge all of your clients the same amount? Lauren Fritsch, consultant, coach to many top CEO's and leaders, and owner of The Coaching Collective, shares her experience and tips … 
 Read More about Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn’t Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 ](http://worksion.com/starting-a-freelance-writing-business/ "Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid") 
 Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid 
 OK WAHM's, girlbosses and mompreneurs! Like me, you're doing the grand juggling act, carrying endlessresponsibilities and multi-tasking like a pro. Not only do we have a career to maintain and … 
 Read More about Starting a Freelance Writing Business? 3 Mistakes to Avoid 
 ](http://worksion.com/what-does-op-ed-mean-and-how-to-write-a-convincing-one/ "What Does Op-Ed Mean? (And How to Write a Convincing One)") 
 What Does Op-Ed Mean? (And How to Write a Convincing One) 
 If you love powerful, persuasive writing, an op-ed is for you. The term op-ed means "opposite the editorial page." It is typically written by someone outside the newspaper or magazine … 
 Read More about What Does Op-Ed Mean? (And How to Write a Convincing One) 
 ](http://worksion.com/how-to-promote-your-product-line-to-retailers/ "How to Promote Your Product Line to Retailers") 
 How to Promote Your Product Line to Retailers 
 Do you have products you'd like to sell retail? Our guide on how to promote your product line to retailers -- written by a retail buyer: I have been told, … 
 Read More about How to Promote Your Product Line to Retailers 
 Posts navigation 
 1  2   3   Next 
 
 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
