Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 2020-256 - Faculty - Dentist (IT Campus) 
 Nova Scotia Community College 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 IT Campus 
Halifax, Nova Scotia 
 School of Health and Human Services 
 Auxiliary Position (7.5 hrs per week):  Commencing approximately February 8, 2021 and ending approximately August 13, 2021 
Application deadline is 11:59PM, November 24, 2020 
Competition No. 2020-256 
 With the 2020/2021 Academic year primarily offered online, this position may be required to work remotely, onsite, or a combination of both. Specifics to be confirmed upon hire. 
 The salary scale for NSCC Faculty is based on twelve steps that range from $61,653.68 - $91,237.97. New NSCC Faculty may receive up to a maximum of five steps for relevant occupational experience. New NSCC Faculty may receive up to an additional four steps for full-time equivalent years of instructional experience (instructional experience is defined as teaching post-secondary). The maximum a new NSCC Faculty can expect to receive is nine steps or $83,547.17. 
 Responsibilities 
 As a member of the Dental Faculty team you will provide practical instruction and support the learning of Dental Assisting students in our lab and clinic settings. Specifically, you will be working with students individually and in small groups, demonstrating specific Dental Assisting procedures and observing and evaluating the same. You will also ensure health and safety practices and procedures are followed in both clinic and lab spaces. As a Faculty of NSCC, you will be expected to maintain currency with the latest industry practices relevant to your program and to continually develop your understanding of 21st century teaching and learning practices. While it is the intention for this position to have fixed daytime hours, due to COVID this position may involve teaching with alternate work hours such as weekends and evenings. 
 Qualifications 
 You are a collaborative team player who takes personal accountability to deliver on what is expected in your role and you strive for excellence every day. You understand your position as a role model for each of your students. As such, you demonstrate the utmost professionalism, integrity and respect for all persons in everything you do. You are committed to life-long learning, occupational currency and a belief in NSCC's mission. You bring a learning-centred perspective to everything you do. You think broadly, celebrate diversity of thought, and respect the uniqueness of individuals. You flourish in a dynamic, changing, and sometimes ambiguous environment by keeping informed and connected within your role and the College. Is this you? 
 Qualifications and Occupational Experience: 
The minimum qualification for this position is current licensure as a Dentist with the Nova Scotia Provincial Dental Board. 
You have a minimum of five years of recent and related occupational experience as a practicing Dentist, consistent with the professions' scope of practice. Occupational experience that includes experience in a supervisory capacity; evaluating, monitoring, assessing and advising will be considered an asset. 
You possess basic internet skills to search for information coupled with internet information skills to evaluate the information you find. Above all, you are comfortable working in a digital environment; you take responsibility for acquiring knowledge about advancing technology, and you are committed to using technology in support of an exceptional student experience 
You have demonstrated experience liaising with business and industry in your field 
Ideally, you have related experience in delivery of educational programs or training to adults 
You have knowledge and experience in applying WHMIS, Occupational Health and Safety and occupation-specific safety practicesYou are comfortable using multi-media technologies and a variety of platforms that will serve to engage students in online and blended learning capacities. The ability to teach effectively in an online/blended environment which includes building knowledge of best practices for the delivery and management of courses delivered whole or in part online, using a course management system to communicate with students and to foster and support a collaborative online learning community with and between students will be an important factor in your success. Candidates who do not have previous online/blended teaching experience must be open to and willing to participate in training for this delivery model. 
 Relevant Skills and Knowledge 
 You demonstrate a commitment to diversity and inclusion 
You possess excellent presentation skills and are able to facilitate content effectively and engagingly to a variety of audiences 
You are known for your superior interpersonal skills and are able to manage interpersonal relationships and issues effectively 
Your superb team-building skills will enable you to develop a positive classroom dynamic and productive collegial relationships 
Your commitment to excellence, to life-long learning and to community involvement make you an ideal candidate for Faculty at NSCC 
Work With Us 
 You will change lives. You will join committed individuals as we work to build Nova Scotia's economy and improve quality of life through education and innovation. As an NSCC employee, you will be part of that change. 
You will find a place to grow personally and professionally with opportunities for professional development and collaborative projects. 
You will do meaningful and challenging work in a publicly accountable and respectful working and learning environment that is diverse, safe and inclusive. You will have the freedom to enable innovation, improvement and excellence. 
You will celebrate the uniqueness of individuals. NSCC campuses are located on the traditional territory of the Mi'kmaq People. Nova Scotia Community College values diversity and inclusion and is committed to employment equity. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates including Aboriginal/Indigenous Persons, members of racially visible communities, persons with disabilities, and women. Applicants from these communities wishing to self-identify may do so by completing an online questionnaire with your application. 
 As a condition of employment, Faculty at NSCC must complete a two-year (part-time) adult education program delivered by NSCC. This adult education program is a significant investment on the part of NSCC in the learning and development of new employees. To achieve regular status; all probationary, full or part-time Faculty of the College must successfully complete the program within their probationary period. Term full-time Faculty whose term appointment is twelve or more months are also required to participate in this program. 
 NSCC offers a competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits package. As a learning-centred organization, we provide opportunities for every NSCC employee to be a life-long learner. Candidates selected for interviews will be expected to provide at least three recent, occupational references. The successful candidate will be expected to provide official transcripts to show proof of academic achievements. 
 NSCC is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. As part of this commitment, NSCC will ensure that applicants are provided reasonable accommodations, as required. If accommodation is needed to participate in the job application process, please contact David Meister, HR Generalist david.meister@nscc.ca. Our Employee Workplace Accommodation Policy can be found here: https://www.nscc.ca/about_nscc/policies_procedures/index.asp. 
 To apply for College jobs, click on the Apply Now button. First time users will be asked to set up an account with a username and password. There are three parts to your NSCC application: 
 Your Profile. You can import your resume or your LinkedIn profile to help populate your profile (click Import Options, top right) or you can complete the profile manually. One thing to note if you are using a resume or LinkedIn; they may not import synchronously with the profile and you may still need to make some manual adjustments. 
Your Cover Letter and Resume. Towards the bottom of the Application tab, you will see a place to attach or write your cover letter. You will also see a place to attach your resume. Although these two sections say they are optional; they are not optional and are required for a complete NSCC application. 
Questions. Next to the Application tab, you will see a Questions tab. We will need you to complete these questions in order to submit your application. 
 Unfortunately, we cannot accept late or paper applications. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
