Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Program Coordinator, Western Space 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Institute for Earth and Space Exploration at Western University is the leading organization for Earth and space exploration research and training in Canada. The mission of the Institute is to lead in interdisciplinary research and innovation in Earth and space exploration, and to strengthen and grow the Canadian Earth and space exploration communities through inspiring and training the next generation of scientists, engineers, social scientists and entrepreneurs. 
 The Institute for Earth and Space Exploration was established in June 2019 and builds on the foundations of the former Centre for Planetary Science and Exploration that was established in 2008. The Institute is home to 64 researchers from the following 8 faculties and 19 departments 
 Responsibilities 
 Responsibilities: 
The Program Coordinator supports the Institute’s goal to engage and inspire the next generation of space scientists and engineers as well as engage with members of the public to bring awareness about the field of space science and technology. The coordinator will be responsible for the development and implementation of programs focused on encouraging and inspiring elementary and secondary students to consider undergraduate and graduate education, and a career in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) fields. The incumbent coordinates the design, delivery and evaluation of outreach programs, and supports the day-to-day administrative and logistical functions of the various outreach programs. This coordinator ensures that the necessary support, information, documentation and resources are available for the successful implementation of outreach events, workshops and program initiatives. The incumbent participates in public education and outreach activities through assisting in the development of marketing materials, engaging students in activities related to research taking place in the Institute, and identifying and acting on opportunities to increase awareness of the Institute and Western locally, nationally and internationally. The coordinator is also responsible for development and implementation of all the online communications. The incumbent acts as a first point of contact for all internal and external inquiries related to the outreach programs. 
 Education: 
 Minimum Required: 
Undergraduate degree in a field related to Planetary Science and Space Exploration 
 Experience: 
 Minimum Required: 
Experience participating in public education and outreach activities with elementary and high school students and with running summer space-themed camps 
 Experience developing relationships and working with community partners and Volunteers 
 Experience in developing communications plan and strategy as well as maintaining online communications. 
 Preferred: 
Experience in developing materials and activities for public education and Outreach 
 Skills, Abilities and Expertise: 
Ability to effectively present information, and conduct training sessions and Workshops 
 Knowledge of and ability to manage social media platforms relevant to student populations and communication and engagement strategies for internal and external audiences 
 Ability to organize, plan and manage events of various sizes; familiarity with the logistics required for large scale events an asset 
 Project management skills, with the ability to meet tight deadlines and perform well under pressure 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills and confidence dealing with all levels of an organization and external stakeholders 
 Ability to understand customer needs and expectations and provide excellent customer service to directly and indirectly satisfy expectations 
 Ability to work within a flexible schedule to accommodate the University’s events and activities 
 Strong attention to detail, accuracy, and proofreading abilities with an excellent command of the English language 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, meet tight deadlines and adapt to growth and change 
 Intermediate computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite 
 Ability to multi-task, work independently and take initiative to follow through on work assignments 
 Demonstrate resourcefulness with a strong sense of accountability and initiative 
 Ability to establish and build healthy working relations and partnerships with clients, peers and external stakeholders 
 Background Check(s): 
Must have Police Clearance (Vulnerable Sector) issued within last three months. 
 Must be First Aid/CPR-C certified before the commencement of the camp. 
 Why Western? 
 Western offers a broad and exciting variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities with ample room for job exploration and growth. Within our beautiful campus, you are part of a progressive work environment that promotes work/life balance including access to our state-of-the-art recreation centre. Apply for an opportunity to be part of the Western community and contribute to its success! 
 Background Checks 
 Please note, successful applicants may be required to produce current record check(s) (e.g. vulnerable sector, criminal record and police information) from a police service prior to commencing employment. 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
