WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Senior Producer 
 Stoic Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 29, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Are you looking for an opportunity to work with a growing team of Producers for an exciting new project? Do you consider yourself an inspirational, passionate, and collaborative Producer who is able to deliver projects on-time while earning the trust and respect of a team of highly respected Game Developers? 
 Our team at Stoic, 4-time BAFTA nominated independent video game company, is seeking a Senior Producer for the development of our next project. You will help us take the project from prototype phase through beta, launch, and live support over a 3+ year timeframe. 
 In this position, you will have the opportunity to work directly with our Executive Producer and extended team of highly creative Designers, Artists and Engineers across Stoic. You will ensure that our project is delivered on-time and on-budget while maintaining a high-level of quality.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 What you will do: 
 
 Manage and mentor a small production team 
 Work with content, art, audio, tech, and design teams. 
 Motivate and drive the team to ensure project goals, objectives, milestones, and deliverables are achieved. 
 Help assimilate the quality, technical, and business requirements. Communicate and drive the goals with the team. 
 Partner with studio leads to drive the schedule of near and long-term deliverables within each team. 
 Keep studio leadership up to date on progress, slippage and risk. 
 Ensure great communication across the team acting as the ultimate diplomat, identifying areas of potential conflict and preventing issues from escalating. 
 Be able to work independently, often without direct guidance, as needed. 
 Present to groups of all types and sizes and represent the project to internal and external audiences.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent education 
 4-6+ years of experience creating, managing, and reporting on development schedules for cross-functional teams (tools include: JIRA, ADO, Excel / Google Sheets, etc.) 
 Experience working in an Agile / Scrum studio environment 
 An ability to identify scheduling dependencies and remove blockers and identify / mitigate risks 
 Experience and expertise in Console or PC AAA titles  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Familiarity with best-in-class Games as a Service (GaaS) 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Ability to present complex technical information to a variety of audiences 
 Agile / Scrum mastery 
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment 
 A proven track record of successfully shipping software on time 
 
 ‍ 
 While we do have offices in Austin, TX and Seattle, WA, there are no requirements on physical location. This position has the option to be fully remote. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Contact us at  jobs@stoicstudio.com  to apply, or for more information!  ‍  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games 
 Weave your own thread through this epic Viking RPG adventure with the  Banner Saga Trilogy . Guide your caravan across the landscape of a breaking world, where the sun has stopped in the sky and the gods are dead. Bold leadership decisions, wise use of resources, and skillful battle tactics are vital to ensure that you and your clans make it through alive. Who can you trust, how will you protect your allies and what choices will you make as the Darkness draws near? 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About Stoic  ‍ 
 Our team at Stoic, 4-time BAFTA nominated indie video game company, is growing for an exciting new project! Stoic strives to create games that we can be proud of and that make a positive impact on our diverse audience. We value fostering a culture of creative fulfillment, diversity, inclusion, and personal growth. 
 Stoic is a creator of high quality games and entertainment, founded in 2012 by three industry veterans. Over the years we have completed the Banner Saga trilogy, grown our capacity, and embarked on an ambitious new project. The team believes in developing a work environment that encourages creativity and empowers its members to personal and professional development. We enjoy employment benefits including a variety of high quality Insurance (Health, Dental, Life, Disability, etc…), generous Paid Time Off, Parental Leave, and Flexible Office Hours. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 Homo Ludens is hiring a Associate Producerto join their team into work fromParis, FRAssociate ProducerHomo Ludens | Paris, FRLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
