Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Deal with a Micromanager 
 Alisha Ellis    7th October    Office Life   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Deal%20with%20a%20Micromanager%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fmicromanager%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At first you thought they were just being very responsible. 
 Later you may have dubbed them “nitpicky.” 
 Until finally you realized that the perfect word for them is “micromanager,” and it’s definitely not a compliment. 
 Working with a micromanager can be extremely  stressful  and frustrating. 
 The act of micromanaging usually stems from perfectionism and distrust. Your micromanager may think that by clearly defining roles and specifying which task should be achieved exactly when and how, he is eliminating any chances of failure or mistakes. 
 To nip this evil in the bud requires a little patience. Here are six ways you can deal with a micromanager. 
 1. Do a Self-Assessment 
 Has your  manager  always treated you this way? Was there ever a time when she let you work more freely? Perhaps he feels the need to micromanage you because you have developed a tendency to slack when work is required. 
 Have you missed a deadline? Messed up your track record? If yes, you shouldn’t be blaming your boss for making sure you deliver what is expected. 
 In this case, you only need to prove that you can make do without your  boss’  “help.” Keep doing your job, deliver your work on time, and when you have proven you can do that (think three or four projects later), ask for a little more freedom when working. 
 2. Find Out If You’re the Only One 
 Does your  boss  lay out a long list of tasks every day along with detailed explanation of how to them and when? If you’re the only one receiving such “lists” or having a problem with the way your boss dictates your work, chances are, your boss is only micromanaging  you . 
 Schedule some time to talk with your boss. Find out what you did to his or her trust in the way you work and come up with some ways to rebuild or regain that trust. 
 3. Give It Time 
 Managers tend to micromanage  recent hires  for understandable reasons. If you’ve just acquired a new position, don’t immediately jump to the conclusion that you have a big bad boss who likes to always be in command. 
 Your boss assumes that since you’re new to the job, you might face a situation you’re completely lost about what to do, in which case you might end up doing something wrong. 
 To reduce the possibility of costly  mistakes , your boss will choose to keep a close eye on you. Give it some time — several months perhaps — and let the relationship ease on its own once trust and rapport has been built. 
 4. Predict What They Want and Do It 
 Sometimes, we get so accustomed to being babysat that we make it our only  drive . If your boss tends to push you with constant reminders or updates for progress and you make that push or pressure the  only time  when you actually think about what needs to be done, you have deliberately chosen micromanagement over self-management. 
 Put a halt to this by anticipating what your boss wants and make an effort to complete it ahead of time. This  efficiency  will prove that you have your task-list under control and she doesn’t need to be on guard all the time. 
 5. Keep Them Posted 
 Micromanagers usually want to know everything that’s been going on. Call them a control-freak or whatever you like, but their need to always be on the top of everything is sometimes what makes them effective managers. 
 If your manager isn’t frequented with feedback or updates from your end, you can expect him to ask you what you’ve been up to or inquire about details on where you’re at with your work. Put a stop to this by simply keeping him posted with emails, memos, or any other quick and easy  communication  method. 
 That way, you’ve set aside the worry before any report is demanded. Your boss will also realize that you are organized and accountable and that there’s no need for unnecessary involvement. 
 6. Talk It Out 
 It could be that your micromanager is unaware of her behavior. If you feel that the behavior is creating a stressful environment, and you’d much rather work on your own with discretion to carry out the  tasks in a manner you like , tell her that this is how you feel. 
 However, do be very careful with this approach — communicate in a way that is positive and not blaming. Try this as the last resort — use it only when you feel that the micromanaging is getting out of hand and negatively affecting your work. 
 -- 
 If any of the above strategies work, don’t let the opportunity of  thanking  your boss for trusting you go away! Let her know how much you appreciate the new approach. In the end, try to understand that like you, your boss is trying to do his job in the best way possible. 
 (   Photo   by pashminu /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 micromanager (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 Office Life (61) 
 
 
 work stress (42) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Alisha Ellis  |  Other Articles 
 Alisha Ellis helps students who are facing difficulties in their educational life and don't know what field to choose in order to find a good career. She also consults students regarding their  writing assignments . You can get her advice by following her on  Facebook . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     What Your Freelance Fantasy Says About You & Your Job  
  _ _     Problem Solvers vs. Opportunity Creators  
  _ _     Motivational Music: Songs That Get Me Going  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
