Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant store Manager 
 Réno-Dépôt 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 At Lowe’s Canada, over 26,000 employees let their passion blossom every day. Our teams are driven by the desire to help people bring their projects to life and are committed to making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 We operate or service more than 470 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, and Dick’s Lumber banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 You’ve got the talent? We’ve got the tools! Here, your work and ideas will contribute to building a flourishing organization. Your voice will always be heard and valued. You’ll find career opportunities that live up to your ambitions and be able to further develop your unique set of skills. 
 So if you’re looking to do what you love, and to grow and evolve within our family—one of the best employers in Canada according to a recent Forbes survey—we could be perfect for each other. 
 Main duties: 
Oversees and maintains the Commitment to Sales & Service 
Supervises the Sales Managers and ensure they are maximizing sales and gross margin 
Coach, motivate, train and develop their team 
Communicates effectively and clearly as well as provides feedback on a regular basis 
Comply with policies and procedures regarding loss prevention, breakage of goods and health and safety; 
Perform other duties as requested by the supervisor 
Job Requirements 
 Do you have a passion for leading and developing a team? Are you driven to increase sales and service? You have what it takes to be part of our team! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
