
 About Mike Sivier 
 
 Mike Sivier's blog 
 ~ by the writer of Vox Political 
 Search: 
 Shame on you, Job Centre! Getting people off the dole isn't getting them into work! 
 [ 
 28   Tuesday  Jan 2014 
 ](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com/2014/01/28/shame-on-you-job-centre-getting-people-off-the-dole-isnt-getting-them-into-work/) 
 Posted  by  Mike Sivier  in  Benefits ,  Conservative Party ,  Corruption ,  Cost of living ,  Disability ,  Employment ,  Employment and Support Allowance ,  Food Banks ,  Media ,  People ,  Politics ,  Poverty ,  UK ,  unemployment ,  Workfare 
 ≈  16 Comments 
 Tags 
 abuse ,  allowance ,  appointment ,  ban ,  barrier ,  benefit ,  benefits ,  claim ,  committee ,  Commons ,  compulsory job guarantee ,  condition ,  Dame Anne Begg ,  death ,  Department ,  dole ,  drug ,  DWP ,  employment ,  ESA ,  esther mcvey ,  FOI ,  food bank ,  Freedom of Information ,  government ,  hardship ,  homeless ,  Iain Duncan Smith ,  IB ,  Incapacity Benefit ,  incentive ,  interview ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  Mike Sivier ,  mikesivier ,  mortality ,  payer ,  paying ,  Pensions ,  people ,  placement ,  Plus ,  politics ,  Rachel Reeves ,  sanction ,  sign on ,  signpost ,  social security ,  support ,  tax ,  unemployment ,  Vox Political ,  welfare ,  work ,  worker ,  Workfare 
 
 One of  Vox Political  's many astute commenters made an extremely good point about government schemes to get people (a) off the dole and (b) into work. They said the fundamental question we should be asking the DWP is:  " How many people have you turned into productive taxpaying workers who do not claim any benefits at all?" 
 It is as though they were prescient and could predict the way the debate has developed this week, firstly with the bogus DWP press release  that has allowed some of us to suggest that we should judge the DWP by results, not targets ; and now with the declaration by the Commons Work and Pensions committee that Job Centre Plus staff should be rewarded for the number of people they get into work, not just the number they get off the dole. 
 It seems this is an idea whose time has come. 
 Employment minister Esther McVey's time - like that of her boss Iain Duncan Smith - has been and gone. Do not expect her to do anything about this. 
 Job Centre staff are currently given incentives to get benefit claimants off the dole, and this has led to wholesale abuse of the system of sanctions which can mean people are banned from claiming benefits for three whole years after a third 'offence'. 
 People have been sanctioned because the dates on which they applied for jobs did not tally with the number of jobs they were supposed to seek every week - as the Job Centre week starts on Tuesday. 
 They have been sanctioned for arriving late at their signing-on appointment - because a job interview overran. 
 They've been sanctioned because they didn't apply online for a job, as advised, because the job had 'expired'. 
 They have been sanctioned while on Workfare because signing on - as advised by the Job Centre - made them late for the placement. 
 They have even been sanctioned for failing to apply for jobs,  after they had succeeded in getting a job . 
 The Work and Pensions committee has diplomatically described this as a "haphazard" approach to assessing claimants, saying many were referred for sanctions inappropriately, or "in circumstances in which common sense would dictate that discretion should have been applied". 
 Common sense has no place in a Job Centre overseen by a Conservative-run DWP.  The people who work there are under the cosh, just as much as the claimants. They have a target to meet - five per cent of jobseekers off the books every month, unless I am mistaken (perhaps readers could provide the correct figure if I am). 
 Sanctioning rates in the year to October 2012 stood at 4.2 per cent, so staff were failing to hit this target - but after a sterner regime was introduced in that month, sanctioning increased to five per cent. 
 The system has been particularly cruel on younger claimants. In the year to October 2012, the sanction rate for those aged 18-24 was eight per cent, per month. 
 The number of sanctions in the year to 30 June 2013 was around 860,000 - the highest number in any 12-month period since statistics began to be published in their present form in April 2000. 
 The committee also said the DWP needed to monitor financial hardship suffered by claimants who lose their benefits. This could include publishing information on the number of claimants "signposted" to food banks by Job Centres and the reasons given for this action. 
 It is as if Dame Anne Begg (who chairs the committee) has been reading this blog. Readers will know that part of  Vox Political  's Freedom of Information request about incapacity/ESA claimant mortality referred to the well-being of those who had been thrown off-benefit altogether. 
 I can tell you now that  the DWP does not monitor what happens to these people, nor does it have any plan to do so in the future . They are thrown to the wolves. 
 Dame Anne was  quoted in  The Guardian , saying: "JCP must be very clearly incentivised to get people into work, not just off benefits. 
 "The processes by which JCP currently establishes claimants' needs are haphazard and prone to missing crucial information about a person's barriers to working, including homelessness and drug dependency. A more thorough and systematic approach to assessing claimants' needs is required." 
 She added: "Whilst conditionality is a necessary part of the benefit system, jobseekers need to have confidence that the sanctioning regime is being applied appropriately, fairly and proportionately and the government needs to assure itself that sanctioning is achieving its intended objective of incentivising people to seek work." 
 This is exactly what  Vox Political  has been saying since Rachel Reeves described Labour's compulsory job guarantee policy on finding work for claimants, last week. Reeves' words were derided by visitors to certain blogs who said she was as bad as the Conservatives. Now that some flesh is appearing on the bones of her strategy, we can see that this was undeserved. 
 According to the BBC , ministers cited the recent fall in unemployment to say the system was working, but they failed to mention what their intention was. 
 Was it working in getting people into jobs? 
 Or was it only working in getting people off-benefit, as claimed by the committee? 
 If people were going into jobs, were they  real  jobs,  or fake "self-employed" jobs of the kind that the BBC itself investigated last year , intended only to get claimant numbers down? 
 What about the rise and rise of Workfare schemes, in which claimants are knocked off the unemployment statistics but continue receiving an equivalent amount to JSA - from the DWP - for a full week's work, effectively subsidising commercial firms? 
 It seems likely that ministers will be reluctant to answer those questions. 
 While institutions like the BBC are determined to broadcast  inaccurate stories based on falsified figures supplied by those ministers , it seems they have no incentive to do so. 
 ** Vox Political  cannot continue to expose these issues without funds! 
__****The site needs YOUR help to continue. 
** You can make a one-off donation here: 
 
 Alternatively, you can buy the first  Vox Political  book, 
 Strong Words and Hard Times 
 in either print or eBook format here: 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 16 thoughts on "Shame on you, Job Centre! Getting people off the dole isn't getting them into work!" 
 
 Barry Davies   said: 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 2:11 pm 
 It is dreadful that the BBC is being used as a government propaganda mouthpiece rather than as an independent reporter of facts, but then they seem to take great joy in referring to a good hospital as Scandal hit every time they mention Stafford, whilst not calling themselves Scandal hit which is current not something 7 years ago. The demonisation of the sick disabled and unemployed by the government seems to be a means of laying the blame for the failures of the banks and other private companies on the most vulnerable people in the nation, and it is time the truth, not benefit street but tax evasion avenue was reported to the nation. 
 
 Paul Smyth   said: 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 2:21 pm 
 Reblogged this on  The Greater Fool . 
 
 Simon Lee Mountford  said: 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 2:53 pm 
 I am a disabled person with a mild learning difficulty but due to the recession there has been such a change in management that they refuse to put support into place, so makes it very difficult for you to stay in your place of employment.They are so much more engrossed in in meeting targets and dash boards rather than trying to help you to stay in employment. Also the companies that are out there that are supposed to support you whilst in employment but they don't look at if the job is best suited to you they are also very target driven. This means that you go on the revolving door program of in and out of employment not looking at continuity of employment. Which is not good if you have got commitments or a mortgage.So there needs to be lots of changes to private and public organisations and there perceptions once again on people with either visible or none visible disabilities and start to employ you by making minor adjustments.So that we can work of an even playing field. 
 
 Jonathan Arnesen  said: 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 3:18 pm 
 The excuse that jobcentre staff do this because they have mortgages to pay and are that scared of unemployment themselves doesn't wash. 
 * [Mike Sivier](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com) _said:_
 
 January 28, 2014 at 3:33 pm 
 Okay, would you like to expand on that? 
   * bookmanwales _said:_
 
 January 28, 2014 at 5:16 pm 
 Not my post but I would like to expand on this. 
The DWP has stated categorically that targets do not exist for sanctioning claimants. If a jobcentre advisor is therefore disciplined for not hitting non -existent targets it becomes a matter for the union to take up on their behalf. 
That "JCP Advisor" is then not a lone figure but part of a much bigger organisation that has the means to end these sanctions. 
The fact that the PCS union has decided to allow it's members to be disciplined for not hitting non-existent targets should be a matter of shame for the leaders who draw their, not insignificant, salaries in order to protect their members rights at work. 
All the we ever hear from JCP advisors is that they are under pressure and hence treat their clients in a despicable way in order to avoid disciplinary action. 
 I am pretty sure the Nuremberg trials made it quite clear that treating people inhumanely on the orders of your superior is not a valid defence anymore. 
 On another note: The recently released headlined figures for the unemployed showed a large fall in the "claimant count" not unemployment. The claimant count is only those receiving JSA not those sanctioned or otherwise ineligible to receive JSA. 
Recent figures showing a fall in unemployment of around 140,000 over the last 12 months talies more or less with the number of claimants on long term sanctions 
   * [Mike Sivier](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com) _said:_
 
 January 28, 2014 at 5:49 pm 
 Would anybody from the PCS Union like to comment on bookmanwales' statements? Mark Serwotka, are you reading this? 
 
 
 Pingback:  Shame on you, Job Centre! Getting people off th... 
 
 
 stilloaks  said: 
 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 4:01 pm 
 Reblogged this on  Still Oaks  and commented: 
It would seem that the DWP are playing a game of how low can you go. Sickening. 
 
 socialaction2014   said: 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 4:24 pm 
 Reblogged this on  Social Action . 
 
 
 Pingback:  Shame on you, Job Centre! Getting people off the dole isn't getting them into work! | Jay's Journal 
 
 
 jaypot2012  said: 
 
 
 January 28, 2014 at 7:02 pm 
 Reblogged on Jay's Journal and commented: 
This is something that has needed addressing since the coalition started. Cheating the figures by claiming so many are unemployed, yet they are still receiving benefits means that they are still not in jobs! Well not paid ones, and certainly not full time "proper" work! 
 If sheeple would only see and work out for themselves, just what this government are doing with figures, then we would have more people realizing that they are being had, yet again! 
 * [Mike Sivier](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com) _said:_
 
 January 28, 2014 at 8:13 pm 
 By claiming so many are employed, not unemployed, yet still receiving benefits, I think you mean. 
Other than that, spot on. 
 
 
 Pingback:  Shame on you, Job Centre! Getting people off th... 
 
 
 AM-FM  said: 
 
 
 January 29, 2014 at 2:48 pm 
 “How many people have you turned into productive taxpaying workers who do not claim any benefits at all?” 
 Well with the housing benefit and working age benefits bills both going up despite the cuts, and despite individuals not getting any extra, the net figure must be a large negative value. Minus 2 million?? 
 They're the working welfare party, won't be happy until nearly all workers are on benefits and/or using foodbanks. 
 
 Simon Mountford  said: 
 
 February 4, 2014 at 4:48 pm 
 The job centres are not interested in you as a person or whether the job suits you and this also applies to these support organisations that are supposed to help people with learning difficulties or disabilities into employment. they are all target driven so they are only interested in getting you into any employment done by what they think you can do, not if is suitable or not to meet government targets. So, it is very hard to put your side of the story or what suits you in the job market.As the job staff seem to know better or so they think. I just wish they would listen more to the person with the disability and then we would not be on this merry go round of being in and then out of employment. I have personally had this happen to me and I don't think that I am on my own in these matters so they need to change there ways of thinking towards people and if they want to make a difference they also need to start getting this country up and running and start manufacturing in this country again. 
 Vox Political 
 
 Vox Political 
 
 Subscribe via email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Vox Political 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Another Angry Voice 
 Ayes to the Left 
 Diary of a Benefit Scrounger 
 The Green Benches 
 The Void 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Boris Johnson's Covid-19 u-turns (Pandemic Journal: June 17) 
 Five reasons the UK death toll is so high (Pandemic Journal: June 14) 
 A checklist of Boris Johnson's failures to the end of May (Pandemic Journal: June 9) 
 Australia thought Johnson was bad BEFORE he eased lockdown (Pandemic Journal, June 1) 
 The Pandemic, 'The Plague' and the government that made it worse (Pandemic Journal, May 24) 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 
 Topics 
 
 Austerity 
 Banks 
 Bedroom Tax 
 Benefits 
 Business 
 Children 
 Comedy 
 Conservative Party 
 Corruption 
 Cost of living 
 council tax 
 Crime 
 Defence 
 Democracy 
 Disability 
 Discrimination 
 Doctor Who 
 Drugs 
 Economy 
 Education 
 Employment 
 Employment and Support Allowance 
 Environment 
 European Union 
 Flood Defence 
 Food Banks 
 Foreign Affairs 
 Fracking 
 Health 
 Housing 
 Human rights 
 Humour 
 Immigration 
 International Aid 
 Justice 
 Labour Party 
 Law 
 Liberal Democrats 
 Llandrindod Wells 
 Maternity 
 Media 
 Movies 
 Neoliberalism 
 pensions 
 People 
 Police 
 Politics 
 Poverty 
 Powys 
 Privatisation 
 Public services 
 Race 
 Railways 
 Religion 
 Roads 
 Satire 
 Scotland referendum 
 Sport 
 Tax 
 tax credits 
 Television 
 Terrorism 
 Trade Unions 
 Transport 
 UK 
 UKIP 
 Uncategorized 
 unemployment 
 Universal Credit 
 USA 
 Utility firms 
 War 
 Water 
 Workfare 
 Zero hours contracts 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
