  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 HTML 
 
 HTML Freelance Jobs From Brazil 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  HTML Developers  from  Brazil 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/brazil/html) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Need web designer to 3 templates 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 15 
 I need a web designer to make the layout and style of a Homepage, List Page and Detail page. 
 More details uppon approval. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new custom design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. M. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Web platform developing - images and reports manipulation, differen... 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 This is a project related to a system that use artificial inteligence to inspect aerial energy lines using vehicles with specific cameras. We need professionals do improve our dashboard with new modules. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  D. G. C. Brazil 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 3 weeks ago 
 Integrating Crypto payments in my Website of subscriptions 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 4 
 I wanna accept crypto currencies in my sale website. My digital product is of subscription. 
 My website was created in WordPress. I think that makes it easier, because there are many ready plugins for it. I want a simply integration, can be a simply plugin, nothing complicated, only just offer a button of payment in the website and a checkout with Fiat/Crypto. 
 I wanna know if there are any way for customers paying in Fiat money because is more knowed for the major piece of people, and I receive athrough crypto. I wanna know if it's possible too. 
I wanna receive in DAI crypto, because is a StableCoin. 
 Let me know how much do you would make that job. 
 PS:. Please budget under $80. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Other 
 Other roles needed  : Just need only know some Crypto Plugin (subscription) for install in a simply page created in WordPress. 
 Published by:  N. D. M. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 24 days ago 
 Front-end pwa app with quasar framework 
 Published: 24 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Responsive web pwa app with quasar framework. We have the ui/ux with the template necessary. 
we working with git version control and the task are put in sprints of 2 weeks in gitLab 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  R. S. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 25 days ago 
 Bidding Bot 
 Published: 25 days ago  Bids: 1 
 I need the win32 / 64 desktop application that will emulate user activity for one of the online bidding brazillian services. 
 The application must: 
 - creating human-like delays; 
 - process errors, do not repeat actions in unexpected responses from the server; 
 - use the fully functional Chrome or Firefox browser window; 
 - follow strict rules: 
 Bid with varying time periods and re-bid if a user submits a later bid 
 You will receive the site name to bid as soon as you request more information. 
 Specify something like "law all to the end" at the beginning of the message to ensure that you are human and really want to win the project. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. G. L. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Alterações Código para melhorar Usabilidade de E-commerce 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 13 
 I need a senior programmer with Shopify experience and knowhow in js, json, php, html and css, to make changes to my ecommerce. These vary from fixing bugs on the filter count, including carousel filters (similar to Instagram Highlights), change buttons layout and locations. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  V. F. I. Brazil 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last month 
 Quero um site similar a esse 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 3 
 https://www.doctoralia.com.br/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=brand&utm_campaign=Search-Brand&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIjq3L59nB7QIVCxCRCh1BLww3EAAYASAAEgLrKPD_BwE 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Specific need  : Create a WordPress site 
 Published by:  W. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
