Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 4 Tips for Living Your Dream 
 Joe Searle    15th December    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=4%20Tips%20for%20Living%20Your%20Dream%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fliving-your-dream%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Think about a major  goal  you have. 
 It may be a monetary goal like achieving a six-figure income at the end of the next five years. 
 It may be to reach international trading status or become an industry expert. 
 Whatever it is, hold it in your mind, think about it and put all of your  focus  into it. 
 Can you truly see yourself in that position, whatever it may be? If you can’t, you need to analyze why that is. 
 Believe me when I say this: Anything is  possible  in business. When you hold that as a strong belief, then you’ll always have a base point to fall back to. You can always reassure yourself that you are heading in the right direction and that what you want is possible. 
 A lot of the time people base their beliefs off what is possible, because of what others have done before them. If you do this, understand that this limits what is possible for you because you will always be striving for what other people have done. 
 There is greater stuff inside you. 
 1. Learn How to Train Fleas 
 You have to become a flea trainer. This was best illustrated by  Zig Ziglar  in his most famous seminar that he ran for more than 30 years. It’s called  Born to Win  , and it’s something I highly recommend. 
 So what is a flea trainer? If you trap some fleas in a jar and put that lid on tight, the fleas will keep on jumping and hitting the top of the jar — you wouldn’t believe how many times they hit it. 
 But eventually they jump a bit less high. Why is this? They have become conditioned to jump only as high as the environment allows them to. 
 Human beings are exactly the same. The environment we grow up in, and the people we grow up with directly affect our  beliefs . We quickly become conditioned to believe that we can only earn so much, achieve so much, etc. 
 A flea trainer is someone who jumps out of the jar — someone who has the belief and the confidence to say, “What’s next? I know there is more to life than just working the daily grind for a bit of money.” 
 Because let’s face it: Most people spend their lives  not  chasing their dreams because they are scared. They are scared that they will  fail , and people will see their weaknesses. 
 2. Put in the Hours 
 The thing to understand is in order to succeed, you need to fail again and again and again. Michael Jordan, the famous basketball player, missed more shots than any other player on the team. Why? 
 Because he knew that with each shot he could refine his  technique . He knew that each shot presented a chance for him to score, and the more shots he took, the higher the chance of succeeding. 
 Not only was he getting better with each shot, but he looked at it with the attitude that if he threw enough muck at the wall, some would stick. 
 In many cases, you just have to put in the hours. 
 
 Stay late at your business 
 Get up early and send those  emails 
 Write that blog post 
 Make that connection with that decision maker 
 
 If you are giving more than everyone else — if you’re applying the effort when everyone else has gone home and finished for the day — that’s the sign of a  successful  person. You have broken the mold, and sometimes that’s all it takes to become greater than you ever thought you could be. 
 3. Follow Through 
 Don’t ever think it’s going to be that easy though. To think that is naive. Don’t think that because you put the effort in all the time that you’ll get the reward. It often doesn’t work that way. 
 This is the cold truth, but it comes down how you handle it — how you see it. You can quite easily become discouraged by it, and give up when it gets  hard , like so many people choose to do. 
 But if you shoulder your weaknesses and your failures, create something out of the hard work applied, if you stick with it, you will feel an even greater sense of pride and achievement. You just need to realize that your greatest hour will come right after your worst hour — you just need to ride the waves. 
 A lot of people are unhappy, but they don’t do anything about it. So just ask the question: Are you all you can be? Are you getting exactly what you want out of life? 
 Because there is no reason you can’t have everything that you want. Don’t lead with the talk of intent with no  action  to back it up. All that does is reinforce a habit of not following through on your endeavors. 
 If you make a claim that you are going to do something, tell as many people as you can. It’s easy to give up on yourself, but the risk of being humiliated in front of a lot of people can trigger the fear to get going! 
 Behind every  fear  there is something worthwhile, so face those fears, and don’t let them control you! 
 4. Never Say “Enough” 
 Don’t be satisfied with “good enough.” Good enough may not always mean enough. There are people out there who are striving for something beyond that. They are willing to make it  great . 
 Go into any endeavor with the attitude of “never enough,” and I promise you, from that moment on you will always have enough. 
 -- 
 Your  goals  and passions are worth pursuing. Don't say no to yourself. Follow these tips to help you live your dream. 
 (   Photo   by Jill Wellington /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 living your dream (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Joe Searle  |  Website  |  Facebook  |  Other Articles 
 Joe Searle is a business owner, physical rehab therapist and affiliate of the Six Figure Mentors training program. Online for a year-and-a half, he has helped many create their digital lifestyle. For more information visit www.jsperformancemarketing.com 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Make the Right New Year's Resolutions  
  _ _     How to Get Headhunted Online: 5 Ways  
  _ _     5 Ways Your Instincts Can Produce Brilliant Work  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
