Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker 
 Victorian Order of Nurses for Canada Ontario Branch 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition Details 
 Employment Status:  Permanent, Part Time (0.4 FTE) 
 Program:  Assisted Living Services for High Risk Seniors 
 Number of Hours Bi-Weekly:  30 
 Work Schedule:  Days, Evenings, Weekends 
 On Call:  Yes 
 Job Summary: 
The Personal/Home Support Worker provides personal support and homemaking services to clients and families within the framework of VON policies, procedures, standards. The PSW/HSW collaborates with members of the health care team in meeting the needs of clients to attain an optimal level of independence and wellbeing. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Observes and evaluates the client’s or family's home, personal situation and client and family care plan to determine if any need for change in the personal support care plan is required and whether the client’s and family’s needs have been met. Advises supervisor accordingly. 
Contributes to the development of the personal support care plan under the direction of the Personal Support Program Manager. The written Care Plan is completed with information collected from the funder, the Manager and the client or family. 
Implements changes to the care plan under the guidance of the Manager for safety, liability and financial reasons. 
Reports verbally to the immediate supervisor or Personal Support Program Manager any changes in the client’s or family's personal support needs or home situation necessitating a change in the personal support care plan. 
Performs personal support tasks reflecting the needs of the client and family. Tasks may include light cleaning, preparation of nutritious meals, care of clothes, shopping for the client as required, and monitoring and maintaining household safety. 
Provides personal care as directed by the Personal Support Program Manager or immediate supervisor, including assisting the client in walking, climbing or descending stairs, getting into and out of bed, eating, dressing and other matters of personal hygiene. 
Provides simple bedside care, where required, under the direction of a nurse. 
Provides respite care to clients as required. 
Supports clients’ families by providing child care as required to allow for family relief. 
Organizes each day’s activities, setting priorities for personal support and other activities under the direction of the Personal Support Program Manager or an immediate supervisor. 
Completes daily call checks, and other forms as required, to maintain the effective and efficient operation of the personal and home support service. 
Assesses the client's pattern of communication and ability to relate. 
Communicates with appropriate members of the health team regarding the management of the client's or family's homemaking, physical, and emotional needs and informs an immediate supervisor or Manager of any changes or concerns. 
Functions and reports in compliance with the Occupational Health and Safety legislation, regulations, and VON policies and procedures. 
Functions in accordance with VON's risk management policies, procedures, practices and guidelines designed to promote and protect client safety. 
Other duties as assigned. 
 External and Internal Relationships: 
Engages frequently with the immediate supervisor or the Personal Support Program Manager on any needed changes to client plans and other relevant information. 
 Education, Designations and Experience: 
High school diploma. 
Secondary school education is preferred. 
CCA Certification is required in Nova Scotia. 
Must have certificate in Home Support Worker (Level I, II, III), Personal Support Worker program or Health Care Aide. 
Must have a current Standard First Aid Certificate or CPR level C Certificate, if applicable to the work being performed. 
Some household management experience and experience working with elderly or ill individuals or children. 
 Skill Requirements: 
Strong communication skills, both verbally and written 
Able to communicate effectively with clients and families in a clear and effective manner that demonstrates respect, empathy and understanding 
Good assessment skills 
Awareness of community resources 
Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team or independently as required 
Able to take direction well 
Ability to adjust to working in different social and economic environments 
Communicating in a clear and effective manner, demonstrating respect, empathy and understanding 
The capacity to adhere to strict confidentially 
 Other: 
Must have access to a personal vehicle for work and possess both a current driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance 
A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check 
A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or a Child Abuse Registry Check may be required 
Available to work flexible hours 
 Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities:  Attention to detail; Lift and carry using appropriate lifting techniques; Bend, push, pull, grip, reach, kneel, crouch using good body mechanics; Walk, sit, stand, climb stairs; Hand movements. 
 VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further information and contact details. 
 Cet article est disponible en français. Pour en demander une copie, veuillez téléphoné notre emplacement VON Kingston, numéro (613) 634- 0130 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
