Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Supervisor 
 National Express 
 __Haileybury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Getting students to school safely, on time and ready to learn. 
 Stock Transportation has decades of experience in providing safe and reliable transportation to students across Canada. Stock is also part of a much larger family along with Durham School Services, Petermann, Septran, The Provider, TransExpress, Safeway and Smith Bus, who come together as National Express LLC (NELLC). NELLC is one of the leading transportation companies in North America, operating 250 branches and employing 30,000 individuals. As a leader in student transportation, National Express, LLC (NELLC) is committed to exceptional safety, outstanding customer service and positive employee relations. We are currently seeking an Operation Supervisor on contract for our Customer Service Centre (CSC) in Haileybury. 
 Responsibilities: 
Provides overall CSC operational leadership by directing student transportation services, driver training and vehicle maintenance programs to support the operating plan and overall business goals. 
Provides staff leadership by promoting and ensuring safe, efficient and effective operations 
Monitors staff training requirements and ensure all employees obtain the required skills and abilities to perform their job assignments. 
Sets performance expectations, coaches and counsels all direct reports in an effort to meet operational expectations; administers employee discipline as necessary. 
Ensure overall compliance with Company policies and/or processes. Escalate violations of policy and procedures with General Manager and/or Corporate personnel. 
Oversees compliance with state and district regulations 
Attends meetings with School District Representatives and represents company in professional manner 
Prepares and submits required customer-related reports in a timely manner. 
Documents and manages customer or employee complaints and review customer survey data 
Responsible for knowledge of CSC contracts and accompanying operational requirements. 
Collects and audits employees' time sheets. 
Manages direct and indirect hours to ensure budget requirements are met and collects and audits employees' time sheets as needed. 
Examines and reviews the daily exception report. 
Approves all expenditures in accord with company guidelines. 
Ensures the effective utilization of vehicles. 
Oversees the optimization of vehicle routing 
 High School diploma or equivalent. Some college preferred. 
5+ years’ work experience required, with 3 years in ground transportation industry preferred; this can be waived with a minimum of 1-year supervisory experience. College education can be substituted for up to 2 years required work experience. 
Supervisory experience preferred; specifically experience supervising/training a driver workforce 
Strong working knowledge of MS Office Software (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.) and transportation related software 
Strong leadership skills and interpersonal skills 
Strong organizational and group presentation skills 
Well-developed multi-tasking and time management skills 
Possess a valid Commercial Driver’s License with appropriate endorsements 
Bi-lingual abilities a plus 
 Stock Transportation is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 For more information please visit http://www.stocktransportation.com or http://www.nellc.com 
 Key Words:  Operations Supervisor, Operations Manager, Transportation Supervisor, Transportation Manager, Bus, Buses, School Bus, School Buses, Student, Students, Passenger, Passengers, Transportation, Special Needs Transportation, Logistics, Operations, DOT, Transport, Route, Routing, School, Public School, Field Trip, Field Trips, Charter, Charters, Safety, Passenger Safety, NAPT, VersaTrans, Synovia, Edulog, CMF 88, 88M, 88N, 88Z 
 Primary Location Canada-Ontario-Haileybury-Haileybury 
Work Locations Haileybury 580 Main Street C/O STOCK 5009 Haileybury P0J 1K0 
Job Operations Field 
Organization Canada Bus 
Schedule Regular 
Employee Status Team Leader/Supervisor 
: Full-time 
Job Level Day Job 
Travel No 
Job Posting Dec 18, 2019, 10:09:34 AM 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
