Skip to content 
 
 unteaching 
 rethinking teaching and learning in south african higher education 
 Menu and widgets 
 Search for: 
 Follow via Email 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent posts 
 
 Can you have active learning if your approach to teaching is passive?  August 17, 2016 
 Teaching, learning, writing and 'The Matrix'  August 25, 2014 
 Why good supervisors might sometimes make easy things harder  August 9, 2014 
 Working towards a transformative writing centre pedagogy  May 27, 2014 
 Can we unthink the way we think about writing? Part 2  February 17, 2014 
 
 Recent comments 
 
 
 
 sherranclarence on  Can we teach academic writing… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anonymous  on  Can we teach academic writing… 
 
 
 
 10 Commandments of T…  on  Bertrand Russell's 10 Co… 
 
 
 Pitter on  Constructing an effective blog… 
 
 
 
 
 Tips to go far in li…  on  Unteaching how we think about… 
 
 
 
 Can we teach academic writing (and whose job is it anyway?) 
 On the face of it, the answer to the first part of this question looks like an easy 'yes' doesn't it? In some ways, it is a yes; easy - well, I'm less sure about that. The answer to the second part of the question is perhaps less easy in practice. 
 Image from socialutions.co.uk 
 A few years ago I was tutoring and teaching in courses in different faculties and this was my job: to teach students how to write academically (as in, in the forms and styles required of the disciplines within those faculties, according to their criteria and standards). But here's the thing: it was actually a really tough job, and lots of my students really struggled to get what I was trying to tell them about how they should be writing. We were teaching students to write their essays and paragraphs in courses that stood outside of the disciplines, were not embedded or integrated into these disciplines, and yet were expected to produce good student writers at the end of a semester-long 'academic writing' course. And often the content we chose to give students to read and write about was not as relevant as it could have been. So, it was tricky work. 
 In the writing centre we are often asked by lecturers if they can refer their students to us for help with their writing so that they can concentrate on 'content' and don't have to worry about 'the writing', which implies that they don't see this as their job. This is also tricky work because we work with a wide range of students, many from disciplines we have never studied. So, what I am asking here is: can we actually 'teach' writing to students in a writing centre or writing course with whom we may and may not share disciplinary backgrounds? Whose job is this anyway? 
 In the Writing Centre we don't 'teach' writing didactically or from a position of being experts with knowledge that we will fill empty student heads and pens with. We advise, guide, support, converse with, prompt… but perhaps we do teach in a more gentle way, in the sense that there are things students are not sure of, or don't know, that we help them with in our tutorials, like how to approach a literature review, or how to write a comprehensive introduction. Ideally, writing courses should also be more workshop-based rather than pitched as lectures. We learn to write by writing, and being given feedback we can use to keep working and improving, not by being told what good writing is. So, in some ways an answer would be, 'yes, we can teach students some of the aspects of academic writing'. But we are all too aware that there are limits to what we can do in a writing centre or literacy course that sits outside of the disciplines students are writing in and for. We cannot teach or advise on the subtleties of writing and knowing in their disciplines if we do not share this discourse. 
 So this brings me to the second question: whose job is this, then? I think the answer is both parties - those in the disciplines and those outside of it. I have written elsewhere about the important role people with a specialist interest in academic writing and literacies can play in helping academic lecturers talk and think about the kinds of writing their students need to do, and how to make the standards, criteria and also forms and styles more learnable, and teachable. Many others have written about this too. I think it's easy to say that all lecturers need to be teaching writing in their disciplines, but this is harder to do from the inside where you know what good writing and poor writing look like, but don't always have the 'language' to talk about this with your students in ways that are helpful to them. We become so immersed in our own discourses that the things that flummox students look like common sense to us, and it's not easy to step away without some help from someone who sees thing differently and can help you work it all out. 
 Partnerships between lecturers and writing tutors or academic literacy specialists can be useful in working out ways to teach students in higher education how to adjust to new ways of thinking, talking and writing about knowledge that are particular to higher education, and to particular disciplines. We can and must teach students how to write (and read and think and speak) about what they know, along with the content knowledge itself rather than in a separate space or course, and the job is that of the lecturers primarily, with the possibility of partnerships and collaborations with writing and literacy specialists. It's a job for all who take student learning, access, inclusion and social justice in education seriously. 
 *This post first appeared on The Writing Centre @ UWC (uwcwritingcentre.wordpress.com). 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by 
 sherranclarence 
 I work with an amazing and diverse group of people who are passionate about teaching, learning, writing, thinking and rethinking, and making a difference in higher education in South Africa.   View all posts by sherranclarence  
 Posted on  May 28, 2013 Author  sherranclarence Categories  academic literacies ,  professional collaboration ,  writing Tags  academic literacy ,  academic writing ,  collaboration ,  higher education 
 4 thoughts on "Can we teach academic writing (and whose job is it anyway?)" 
 
 Academic-Zone  says: 
 
 May 28, 2013 at 21:41 
 Great post! I work on the service side of a post-secondary institution, and I agree with everything mentioned in this article. I think your last article brought up a very important topic: building/enhancing the partnership between faculty (professors) and services (student development center, writing center etc..). It is vital that faculty are aware the of services available to them (and to their students) within the institution. It takes a strong collaboration between faculty and staff to manage and improve a student's writing. 
 Reply 
 
 Michael Rowe  says: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 16:10 
 Thanks for the comment. I agree with the point about needing strong collaboration between faculty and service providers in order to help students improve their writing. I teach physiotherapy but spend a lot of time of time giving feedback to students on the technical aspects of their writing, rather than focusing my input on the profession-specific details. 
 My concern is that if I don't integrate the "writing" feedback immediately, I doubt that my students will make the effort to go to the Writing Centre. I'm trying to figure out how to show them that there is value in writing (and speaking) well but they don't always buy into it. Their immediate response is always that they're there to learn about physiotherapy, not English. Now that I see it written like that, I feel sad. 
 Reply 
 
 Anonymous  says: 
 
 September 2, 2014 at 01:31 
 Hi there great blog! Does running a blog similar to this 
require a lot of work? I have no understanding of computer programming 
but I was hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyway, if you have any 
suggestions or tips for new blog owners please share. I know this is off topic however I 
just had to ask. Cheers! 
 Reply 
 1. **sherranclarence** says:
 
 September 2, 2014 at 09:08 
 Hi there. Thanks for the feedback :). Running a blog can be a lot of work - you need to post as regularly as possible so as to hold your readers' interest, and that can be a challenge (finding things to write about and balancing writing with everything else you have to do). We have some posts in our archives about blogging that may be helpful. We can say, though, that working with WordPress or Google's blogger, both free blogging 'tools' online, is really easy and a lot of fun too. Best of luck! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Academics blogging 
 Next Next post: Useful apps for writers 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
