
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 John McNeil Studio is looking for a Sr. Strategist in Berkeley, CA, USA. 
 About 
 We are an established studio of strategists, writers, designers, filmmakers, technologists and photographers who help companies tell compelling stories and build brands. 
 Role: You will focus on communications planning across a broad range of disciplines including brand strategy, demand generation, advertising, digital marketing, research/persona development, and social marketing. 
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
• Work with clients to lead their brand vision and business priorities. 
• Develop robust strategic POVs for clients that solve business challenges through powerful communications. 
• Work with creative teams to provide strategic insight and analysis at all stages of a project 
• Communications planning for clients to generate ideas and strategies that meet the clients’ marketing needs. 
• Collaborate with the different studio disciplines, from creative to web development to project management, to ensure that great work continues to be produced. 
 Qualifications: 
• 5+ years agency experience 
• Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills 
• Exceptional writing and storytelling skills 
• Ability to identify strategic needs, lead all aspects of planning with sound business recommendations, and generate alignment with key business partners 
• Deep understanding of a wide range of industries, markets, brands, current trends and social movements. 
• A strong grasp of marketing principles, ability to generate insights, write briefs, create presentations to articulate your POV, experience with media, plus persona and customer understanding 
• Self-starter with strong worth ethic: willing to work hard, collaborate with colleagues and look for ways to solve challenges 
• Great organizational and time management skills 
•Bachelor’s Degree or higher 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/6013-john-mcneil-studio-sr-strategist  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Brand Strategy, Creative Strategy, Marketing Strategy, Media Strategy, Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 November 7, 2020 (Originally posted September 10, 2019) 
 Managed By 
 Melissa Hutchinson 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Food 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
