Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Learn From the People Around You 
 Stephanie Lewis    17th March    Your Job   4 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Learn%20From%20the%20People%20Around%20You%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Flearn-from-the-people-around-you%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 There’s more to work than just work. If you’re lucky, you’ll make some of your closest friends from your place of employment. There are many people whom I no longer work with but am still close to. I have learned some very valuable things from them. Here are a few tidbits: 
 
 I hate confrontation and will avoid it at all costs. It’s how I’m made. Bernice taught me to grow a set, be bold, and how to stand up for my own ideas. But most importantly, she taught me how to do it with class. 
 From Greg I learned that I absolutely hate okra stew and that I LOVE Indian food. He was the person who would always volunteer to go to out-of-the way places to try new food and encourage everyone else to eat it. 
 From a person who shall remain nameless, I learned that even though a person might be super nice to you, they wouldn’t hesitate to pull the wool over your eyes. She broke through my naïveté and made me a little wiser. It needed to be done. 
 Jill showed me the wonders of the Fractured Prune. If you live on the east coast of the U.S., you may know what I’m talking about. They’re the best donuts. EVER. 
 A long time ago, Tami educated me on the following grammatical rule: there is only ONE space after a period. Now it’s the first thing I do in any text that is sent my way for design. I like to save my editors a little time. 
 Between Steve and Jocelyn, I learned how to make the PERFECT cup of coffee. I will pass it on to you: get a coffee grinder and a French press. Grind your own beans and brew them for exactly 4 minutes. Trust me, it’ll make your morning go SO smoothly. 
 Donna taught me how to handle the stickiest of office politics. She didn’t directly teach, but she was gracious enough to let people in on the inner workings of our non-profit. We knew the personalities of all of the board members, knew what went on at the board meetings, and exactly how she handled them at their worst. She prepared me for the next company I worked for. 
 Once upon a time, I learned by example that you should always tie your hair back when working with the Blizzard machine or you’ll get your hair caught in the mechanism and have to be rushed to the hospital. Don’t worry, you have never eaten at that Dairy Queen. 
 From a triad of management in a very small company, I learned that nepotism, racism, and sexism are very much alive today, thus making me slightly more of a cynic. I also learned how to deal with it when there is no HR department to turn to. 
 Perhaps the most important thing I’ve taken away from my colleagues is how strong a bond can be forged when you all go through hell together. Any petty squabbles we normally had paled in comparison. So if you’re in a bad situation with other people, don’t hesitate to lean on them and learn from them. 
 
 There are many other things, but these are the most memorable. My palette has been broadened, my faith in humanity has been shattered and rebuilt, and I’ve become a wiser and (I like to think) better person because of the people I’ve had the luck to work with. I hope that you, too, have the same kinds of people sitting around you. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 learn from people around you 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Stephanie Lewis  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Stephanie is a graphic designer who has managed art departments in the non-profit and corporate worlds. She is currently Work(ing)Awesome(ly) at home with her company Studio Lewis Graphic Design. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Make Work Better with Your Desktop Decor  
  _ _     Why Students and Professionals Should Choose a Coding Diploma Program   
  _ _     The Netsetter: Tackling Competitive Markets  
 
 Discussion 
 
 4 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Nonchalant Savant  on the 18th March 
 
 Reply   
 From the people around me I've learned: 
 …that it's good to set firm boundaries as some folks think nothing of running roughshod over them IF YOU LET THEM. 
 …to never ask someone to do something that I'm not willing to do myself. Including cleaning the toilet. 
 …that business is much more fun when it's us against them instead of me against everyone else. 
 …that the longer that URGENT memo sits on my desk, the less urgent it becomes. 
 …it's easier to get someone to buy into your idea if you can give them the credit for it. It's a big-picture philosophy. 
 
 Alex  on the 18th March 
 
 Reply   
 Stephanie, 
 That was awesome! I've learned so much from people too. I am a good listener. I don't talk much when I am with people because I want to hear what they have to say and learn. I don't learn anything from hearing myself talk. 
 
 Julius  on the 18th March 
 
 Reply   
 I've learned from my former colleague that being calm at all times and being careful with what you say would prevent more trouble during a heated discussion. 
 I've also learned from another of my colleagues that rewarding yourself during appropriate times gives you a good sense of accomplishment. 
 
 ammar hassan  on the 18th March 
 
 Reply   
 i learned from different persons like 
 from my friends' boss 
 ……… See things / tasks from a distance, You will feel easy to do the things 
 from a book "Who moved my Cheese" 
 ……… Notice the change coming in your life, and try to Be the change 
 from one of my seniors 
 …….. Be proactive , create trust 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
