
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Here's the deal: The Seventh Art is looking for a Sr. Graphic Designer to join our boutique-sized branding studio in our Manhattan, NY, USA office. Our mission is to express a story for each project that is unique, on-brand and memorable. 
 About 
 We are looking for a hands-on, passionate Sr. Designer to join our small, but powerful, creative team. The candidate must be proficient in branding, print, and web design with a sophisticated and contemporary design style. 
 Job Responsibilities. 
During a typical day on the job, you could be expected to: 
● Develop brand concepts, designs, and innovative ideas through mood boards 
● Handle design projects from concept through production and delivery 
● Collaborate with creative directors, art directors, graphic designers, brand strategists, project managers, architects, copywriters, video producers, and web programmers to develop visual solutions 
● Design logos and explore accompanying color palette and font options 
● Create environmental graphics and signage 
● Design websites and prepare website files for web programmers 
● Design print and digital advertisements 
● Create layouts for print marketing materials, such as stationery collateral 
● Prepare mock-ups of brochures, books, and promotional materials for client presentation and print production 
● Create detailed brand/style guides covering the brand story, brand identity, color palette, typography, etc 
 Experience Requirements. 
● 5-7 + years of professional experience 
● Excellent aesthetic sense for composition and color matching 
● Ability to think big, outside the box 
● Capability to take direction and feedback from the Creative Director & Sr. Art Director 
● Ability to create pixel-perfect files 
● Excellent teamwork skills, strong work ethic, and passionate 
● Experience in a fast-paced studio or agency environment with tight deadlines, a must 
● Experience in brand design for high-end hospitality/residential 
 Software Requirements. 
● Advanced knowledge in Adobe Creative Cloud Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, XD; 
● Basic-Advanced knowledge in PowerPoint and Keynote 
● Knowledge of Sketch or Figma, a plus 
 NOTE: Even though we are currently working remotely, the candidate should be local or willing to relocate. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/5367-the-seventh-art-sr-graphic-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe XD, Figma, Keynote, PowerPoint, Sketch, SketchUp 
 Date Posted 
 November 11, 2020 (Originally posted May 15, 2019) 
 Managed By 
 The Seventh Art 
 Perks 
 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 Interested? Get in Touch! 
Submit your resume with work samples and link to your personal website to hello@theseventhart.com. Email must include your availability and salary range. 
Please only apply if you meet all the requirements. 
NOTE: We are currently working remotely. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
