Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Entry Level: Become a Merchandiser Part Time Canada 
 Advantage Solutions 
 __Boucherville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Merchandiser Part Time 
 We are currently seeking a candidate with the drive and passion to increase sales at our client’s retail locations! Our part time Merchandiser job needs an individual who can improve the consumer buying experience by creating merchandising solutions in their assigned stores. The retail merchandiser’s duties include cultivating relationships with in-store management, executing merchandising resets, and building retail displays. Take this chance to work for the Linkage Group, a division of the Company in Canada, where you will earn competitive pay rates and receive top-notch training. 
 Responsibilities: 
Set up store fixtures/displays efficiently and accurately by following provided planogram 
Seasonal and/or department resets 
New store renovations/relocations 
Establishing and maintaining relationships with store management 
Product replenishment 
Online reporting 
Media Merchandiser - set up store media (coupons, booklets, pamphlets, etc. in retail stores) 
 Qualifications: 
 Education Level:  (Required): High School Diploma or GED or equivalent experience 
1 year merchandising experience preferred 
Must have the ability to read and follow planograms and assemble store fixtures and displays. 
Must have product placement merchandising experience (cosmetic experience is an asset). 
Must be organized and detail oriented. 
Must be proactive, a good problem solver, and possess excellent communication skills. 
Must have excellent time management skills and a commitment to meeting tight deadlines. 
Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. 
The Company is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. The Company services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today. 
 The Company welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations, accessible formats and communication supports upon request to persons with disabilities who take part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. If you require accommodation in connection with the application process, please contact: Recruiter, Talent Acquisition, for external applicants, or, a Supervisor for internal applicants. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
