Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Maintenance Manager 
 Garden Terrace 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Maintenance Manager to ensure that the home is maintained in a good state of repair and free of any hazardous conditions and to ensure that services provided are in full compliance with the Nursing Homes Act and Regulation, Long Term Care Program standards, Canadian Council on Health Services Accreditation standards and all other standards and legislated requirements. 
 Complete repairs promptly and efficiently. 
 Complete painting/wallpapering as directed. 
 Complete floor and carpet maintenance as directed. 
 Maintain a clean, hazard free work area; ensure that supplies and equipment are stored in accordance with home policy and safety standards. 
 Ensure the maintenance of a safe environment for residents, staff and visitors; adhere to the expectation that hazardous conditions and actions are promptly corrected and reported; apply the principles and standards of Safety First, using consistency in the application of policies and procedures which have been developed to provide a safe work environment for all staff; ensure that personal protective devices are appropriately utilized. 
 Assist with the process of investigating and assessing complaints as directed. 
 Liase with suppliers and make recommendations for the purchase of supplies and equipment necessary to maintain the home in a good state of repair; assist the Environmental/Maintenance Services Manager to obtain maximum benefit from the financial resources available. 
 Perform other related duties as required. 
 Must have a basic understanding of plumbing, heating, electrical and fire alarm systems. Education or experience in working with these systems in building maintenance is required. Experience in carpentry work an asset. 
 OMNI is committed to offering accommodations to applicants with disabilities wherever possible. If you require assistance or accommodation during the application or hiring process, please contact us at: mlegros@omniway.ca, phone 705-748-6631, or by fax 705-742-9197. 
 Applicants must be permanently eligible to work in Canada upon hire. Proof of eligibility for permanent roles may come in the form of a Canadian birth certificate, Canadian passport, Canadian citizenship certificate, permanent residence card, or Confirmation of Permanent Residence document. 
 OMNI welcomes direct applications form individuals seeking employment through Omni’s website but does not recognize Recruitment Agencies or Services. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
