Skip to primary content 
 Trojan Horse Productions 
 Home of William Tell (The Homeless Blogger), Rachel Bias and Richard Long 
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Library 
 
 Essay on Prayer 
 Meditation and Contemplation 
 Silentium Altum (Deep Silence) 
 The Philosophy and Methodology of Spiritual Healing 
 Your Heart's Desire 
 
 
 My resume 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job creation: Mitt Romney's other 30% 
 Posted on  October 17, 2012  by   William Tell 
 Democrats: Political slant marks Romney tax return 
 Without in any way  defending  the candidate, I have scratched my head all along at the controversy surrounding his tax returns. What about yours? What about mine? Is there no end to the invasion of privacy? 
 So he may have taken fewer deductions than he was entitled to. Tsk tsk. 
 A feature of his 2011 tax return that the media reported, but that the media and his opponents have otherwise ignored: he gave 30% of his income to charity. 
 30%. 
 How much did you give? 
 More than that, since job creation is a central issue in this Presidential race: a sizeable portion of that 30% went  directly  into jobs creation. 
 The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints — the "Mormons," or "LDS" — maintains a nationwide system of industries to employ its own members who are poor. For members, the church is substantially an employer of last resort. There is a network of farms where members can work in exchange for a share of the produce. 
 Thus these folk are provided for — with work — and without any opening for a self-image of "entitled" or "victim." 
 It might be easiest and might be best for me to merely conclude this post here. Readers for whom what I've just said is news, can contemplate the ramifications for themselves. Any more that  I  might say now can only run afoul of the rules of political correctness and the prejudices of those who do not like religion. 
 Anyone with any awareness of the New Testament at all will recognize that this feature of the LDS is well consistent with that book's teachings. 
 Can any such program be emulated on a larger scale, either in the private sector itself or in the public sector at all? 
 Things are possible within an intentional community that aren't possible outside it. 
 And I have remarked before a significant minority of folk who "have a diseased concept of freedom, such that they will not follow anyone’s rules" ( link ) and are thus unemployable. No such program is capable of "helping" them. 
 And there is the inescapable, albeit politically incorrect, history of how this nation's provisions for the poor came to the state they're now in; beginning with the Christian movement known as "adventism" that spawned much of the 19th century's social reforms, coupled with the mistaken notion of that time that the U.S. is or was a Christian nation. The death of Christendom ( link ) finally removed Christian values and motivations from that equation, leaving the entire burden on the public sector. 
 Finally there would be the issue of how to fund it. The cost of Obamacare pales by comparison. The thing is impracticable unless we find large numbers of folk who are each willing to donate on the order of 30% of their income to the cause. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Clippings ,  Homelessness ,  Job search/Job prospects ,  Media - National ,  OUR BEST POSTS ,  Politics - National ,  Poverty  and tagged  Clippings ,  Dependency ,  Homelessness ,  Job search/Job prospects ,  Media - National ,  National politics ,  Politics - National ,  Poverty  by  William Tell . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About William Tell 
 I live in Baltimore and am homeless. My career goal is to become a radio talk show host. 
  View all posts by William Tell ->  
 2 thoughts on "Job creation: Mitt Romney's other 30%" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Andy Kessler, Round 1: How to do things backwards | Trojan Horse Productions 
 
 
 William Tell  on  October 24, 2013 at 3:27 pm  said: 
 
 
 Reblogged this on  The Homeless Blogger . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
