Top 
   
 Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workable Support 
 Manage Account 
 Integrations 
 Sourcing 
 
 Integrating with hackajob 
 Anastasia 
 
 July 10, 2020 01:27 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 Super Admins 
 All plans 
 Hackajob  is a sourcing platform that was created to revolutionize tech recruitment. It allows companies to publish tech jobs and attract candidates with the specified skill set. Candidates can create their profile in hackajob in minutes, highlighting their expertise and expectations. 
 When you integrate Workable and hackajob, candidates from hackajob can be imported to a relevant job in Workable. 
 
 Setting up the integration 
 In your Workable account: 
 
 Click your profile icon in the upper right, click on Settings and navigate to  Integrations 
 Locate hackajob in the list of **sourcing  **integrations and click on it 
 Click  Generate Token  and  copy   to clipboard  the long string of numbers and letters 
 
 In your hackajob account: 
 
 Navigate to your   hackajob settings page 
 Paste the partner token in the API Key field in the  Workable integration settings 
 Click  Connect 
 
 
 Configure jobs & stages in hackajob: 
 After enabling the integration, a green "Connected" status will be indicated and the "Configure The Integration" button will appear: 
 Click this button in order to match each of your hackajob roles with Workable jobs, along with the pipeline stages between hackajob and Workable. 
 
 Using the integration 
 To export a candidate to Workable, start by clicking  Export profile  option on the candidate profile. Then schedule an interview with the candidate via hackajob. When both these actions have been completed, the candidate will be exported to Workable, to a stage that corresponds to hackajob's  'Phone Interview - 1st Round' stage according to your settings. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this helpful? 
 1 out of 2 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Submit a request 
 Related articles 
 
 Integrating with Devskiller 
 Integrating with Snap.hr 
 Integrating with HireSweet 
 Integrating with AngelList  
 Integrating with Totaljobs 
 
 Not using Workable yet?  Try for free , or  Talk to us .  Privacy Policy    Site Status 
