Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Hardgoods Department Manager - Sport Chek 
 Sport Chek 
 __Orillia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Help us boldly shape retail in Canada 
 At Sport Chek, we believe that sport is whatever moves you - and this mindset begins with our employees. As Canada’s destination for footwear, apparel and sporting goods; we believe that sport has the power to shape your style, your relationships, and your mind. Along with colleagues across the Canadian Tire family of companies, you’ll be a part of a collaborative network of like-minded individuals who draw on their collective experience to best serve customers across all banners from coast-to-coast. 
 Hardgoods Department Manager - Sport Chek 
 As a Department Sales Manager, you have a passion for sports and live an active lifestyle. You demonstrate a positive and engaged attitude when dealing with customers and employees and are responsible for coaching and developing your team. 
 What you’ll do 
 
 An ambassador and leader of the customer experience you look to develop relationships with customers and provide mentorship and coaching to your team to ensure the same 
 Coach and develop your department team by setting expectations, keeping open lines of communication, coaching on a continual basis, providing constructive feedback, and ongoing support 
 Build and manage a daily game and sales plan for the department 
 Create development plans for full-time staff – providing support and coaching to improve any performance gaps 
 Communicate skills proven through effective huddles / meetings / coaching sessions 
 Develop and maintain a positive work environment for staff 
 
 Who you are 
 We are looking for individuals who are: 
 
 Business Savvy – you have a customer focused mindset and can plan, execute, and drive sales 
 Leaders – you lead by example and have a passion for coaching, developing, and inspiring your team 
 Culture and brand ambassadors – you love the work and take pride in our brand 
 
 If you’re a proven retail manager with a passion for people, our industry, and driving an exceptional customer experience, then this is definitely the place to be. 
 What you bring 
 
 Minimum of 2 years in a retail environment, preferably at a supervisory level 
 A proven track record of business growth and exceptional customer service skills 
 Demonstrated computer skills 
 Demonstrated interest in or involvement in sports or the sporting goods industry an asset 
 High school education; Post-Secondary education an asset 
 
 Why us 
 Canadian Tire and its family of companies are boldly shaping retail in Canada and we continue to deliver a positive experience for our customers. As one of the most trusted brands in Canada, our employees take pride in the work we do across the country. It’s more than the iconic triangle that keeps our employees around. From benefits and perks, to learning and development opportunities, to our commitment to Jumpstart – these are some of the many reasons why Canadian Tire Corporation is one of Canada’s Top Employers. 
 To learn more about this team and the Canadian Tire family of companies follow us on LinkedIn. 
Sport Chek is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. We recognize that our future success depends on the perspectives and contributions of all our employees -- their diverse backgrounds, abilities and experiences make our business stronger. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. All accommodation information provided will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of providing an accessible candidate experience. 
 #CTCOH 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Holidays 
 Weekends 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
