Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Technical Analyst 
 CGI 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 We offer the opportunity to work with Canada’s largest Information Technology Outsourcing and Management Consulting Company with a true global presence in a fast-paced and energetic atmosphere where your personal and professional growth is accelerated by your desire and sense of commitment. CGI’s continuous growth is a testament to the confidence clients place in them and to the dedication of their professionals. At CGI, all employees are called members because they feel a powerful sense of ownership and accountability. Members at CGI are building their own company – in 100+ offices worldwide. CGI has the global resources, expertise, stability and dedicated professionals needed to achieve results for clients – and for members; that’s why an astounding 90 percent of them are CGI shareholders. 
 We're expanding our Financial Services Team in Atlantic Canada and we need your skills, enthusiasm, and dedication as part of our team. 
 Position Summary: 
 Your future duties and responsibilities: 
Reporting to the Data Architect, Information Management, the successful candidate will: 
 
 Work on business systems analysis including requirements gathering, technical documentation, data analysis, data modelling and apply technical background/understanding, business knowledge and system knowledge in the elicitation of requirements. 
 Work with business stakeholders, senior team members and other SMEs to understand high-level business requirements. 
 Coordinate with Team for project deliverables - lead and document project status meetings. 
 Work with the Data Architect, BSA team and developers and contribute to the development of project plans by participating in the scoping and estimating of proposed projects. 
 Support testing teams in translating requirements and use cases into test conditions and expected results for product, performance, user acceptance, and operational acceptance testing; participate in the testing of developed systems/solutions 
 Adhere to client defined Agile software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes. 
 Prioritize and manage own workload in order to deliver quality results and meet timelines. 
 Support a positive work environment that promote service to business, quality, innovation and teamwork and ensure timely communication of issues/ points of interest. 
 
 Required qualifications to be successful in this role: 
Share your credentials, but your relevant experience and knowledge can be just as likely to get our attention. It helps if you have: 
 
 A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Diploma in IT with equivalent IT experience. 
 5+ years of IT experience including 3+ years as a Technical or Business Systems Analyst. 
 Hands on experience with SQL or Hive developing complex queries. 
 Strong experience with creating and maintaining mapping documents, source to target mappings, system documentation and design documents. 
 Experience with Data processing with strong ETL skills and the ability to understand and run batch and online file processing. 
 Data Modeling experience with PowerDesigner or erwin DM. 
 Thorough understand of Data Management concepts including Data Store, Data Quality, Metadata Management and Data Presentation. 
 Hands on experience in a traditional Data Warehouse. 
 Strong analytical and problem solving skills. 
 Experience with Agile methodologies to iterate quickly on product changes, developing user stories and working through backlog. 
 Experience or familiarity working within a Hadoop environment with an understanding of Big Data concepts is an asset. 
 Having a background in analytics using SAS, R, Tableau or QlikView is an asset. 
 A development background in a related language such as Java, Python, Scala or .Net is an asset. 
 Experience with APIs or Microservices is an asset. 
 Experience in banking or insurance domains is highly preferred. 
 
 Soft Skills: 
 
 Excellent ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members. 
 Ability to adapt to constant changes with a positive attitude. Sense of innovation, creativity, organization, autonomy and quick adaptation to various technologies. 
 Capable and eager to work under minimal direction in fast-paced energetic environment, managing multiple projects and priorities at once. 
 Strong written and oral communication skills with a critical eye for detail. 
 Ability to see the big picture. 
 Able to multitask effectively. 
 Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills. 
 Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements. 
 Enjoy working in a self-teaching, learning organization. 
 Strong leadership, communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Being bilingual in English and French is highly desired. 
 
 Build your career with us. 
 It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities. 
 At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create. 
 Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world. 
 Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com. 
 No unsolicited agency referrals please. 
 CGI is an equal opportunity employer. In addition, CGI is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities in accordance with provincial legislation. Please let us know if you require a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during any aspect of the recruitment process and we will work with you to address your needs. 
Your future duties and responsibilities 
 Required qualifications to be successful in this role 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
