Skip to primary content 
 Stag Owners Club 
 Tales of classic car ownership and the wonderful Triumph Stag motorcar 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Photos 
 You Tube 
 
 
 General 
 In The Garage 
 
 Fastback Stag Restoration 
 Stag History - A Proper Bird Puller 
 Aberdeen Stag Rebuild 
 Cylinder Head Rebuild
 
 Rebuild Part 1 
 Rebuild Part 2 
 Rebuild Part 3 
 Rebuild Part 4 
 Rebuild Part 5 
 Rebuild Part 6 
 
 
 It's Just an Exhaust… 
 Restoration Show 2013 
 Weekend Job - Brakes 
 Don't Loose Your Head 
 A Resourceful Bunch 
 
 
 Shows And Events 
 
 Higham Ferrers Classic Show August 2015 
 Bromley Pageant of Motoring 2015 
 ESM 2015 - Netherlands 
 Silverstone Classic 2014 
 Triumph spares show 2014 
 Melton Xmas Market 2013 
 NEC Classic Show 2013 
 
 On your Marks 
 Set Up Day 
 Friday 
 Saturday 
 2013 Round up 
 
 
 Silverstone Classic 2013 
 Thoresby Hall 2013 
 Trentham Gardens 2013 
 
 
 Out and About 
 
 Bluebell The Stag 
 Grampian Stag Gathering 
 Stag Meets Stag 
 Stag Adventure to Spain 
 Road Trip to France 
 Stags and Pigeons?? 
 Drive it Day 2014 
 Stag Surprises
 
 Surprise for Dad 
 Birthday Surprise 
 
 
 Chilly Norfolk Run 
 James Bond Stag 
 Summer 2013 by Twitter 
 Stag Reunited 
 Treasure Hunt 2013 
 Evening with Fuzz 
 
 
 Favourite Photo's 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 A Job for the Weekend - the brakes 
 Posted on  October 20, 2013  by   Stag Owners Club 
 So to continue our journey on the rolling restoration of our Stag, we decided that it was time to sort the spongy brakes that have come about in the last couple of weeks. 
 First we checked that we were not loosing brake fluid and as the reservoir was at the same level as it was a few months earlier when it was last checked its not a problem with it escaping anywhere! 
 As the pedal was soft when pressed slowly down but if then you take your foot off and then put it straight back on again and it was nice and firm its got to be air or seals in the master cylinder. We had a similar problem with our old Triumph Spitfire a few years ago and that was cured by replacing the master cylinder so a new one (reconditioned) was sourced on Saturday morning. 
 We had done some research friday evening on how big the job was going to be and make sure that we were going to be able to tackle this without any of our experienced folks in the club on hand for help. Having read through the manual (you must always consult the workshop manual before starting any job and always follow the instructions) and quite a few posts on the forum we decided that we were happy to do the change over (as we had previous experience of bleeding the brakes under supervision we were happy with that aspect). We did get some advice from Mick when we bought the new one that we should be able to get the master cylinder off without removing the servo unit from the car as the manual states, this is due to the lower bolt being difficult to remove - so we were going to try without and see how we got on. 
 So as we are talking about lots of bolts and screws that are going to go from fairly hard to loosen to ones that challenge the patience , and as we are talking about needing to bleed all the way round the car we decided to ensure that all the bleed nipples were both accessible and not seized up as well as all the bolts on the master cylinder itself were going to come undone. 
 A few (well quite a few) sprays of WD40 later the front nipples were freed off, rear were ok as we had refurbed them a year or so ago, and the bolts on the master cylinder to the servo and on the brake lines were also not too difficult to free off - happy days no seized screws or bolts to contend with!! 
 First we emptied the reservoir by bleeding the rear and front furthest from the master cylinder, not a small amount of dirt in the bottom!! 
 Next we removed the brake lines from the cylinder - good large piece of rag underneath to catch any fluid remaining and to then wrap the ends to keep the dirt out. 
 The two bolts fixing the master cylinder to the servo were removed and yes the bottom one is a bit tight to get a socket onto it but thats when small hands come in handy!!! Then the cylinder was withdrawn from the servo - now this sounds easy but as there is a spring and some seals this did require a bit of a tug, when it did release it came out a bit sharpish (bit of a shock) 
 
 old one on its way out! 
 
 inside servo after MC removed 
 
 Old and new together before fitting new to the car 
 New one is simply placed into the hole in the servo and secured with the same spring washers and bolts, and the brake lines attached (after taking out the red blanking plugs - these were left in until ready to attach the lines to keep any dirt from getting in) 
 
 new on in place 
 
 ready to connect the brake lines 
 Once connected up, its time to fill up the new reservoir with dot 4 fluid, and check the master cylinder connections for leaks. 
 Then the joyous task of bleeding all 4 wheels, starting with the back and furthest away from the master cylinder checking to make sure all the air is removed. 
 Another job tackled and completed, and more importantly much improved braking!! 
 
 Ta-dah!! 
 PLEASE NOTE - these are NOT instructions on how to undertake this job just some pics and words of our experiences, always consult professionals when undertaking any repairs or restorations. (please refer to the disclaimer on our about page) 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  In The Garage  and tagged  Brake ,  Master cylinder ,  Triumph Stag  by  Stag Owners Club . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 1 thought on "A Job for the Weekend - the brakes" 
 
 One man and his Mustang  on  October 23, 2013 at 8:44 pm  said: 
 
 Hi guys, 
Doing the brakes on a Stag or a Mustang the principle is the same and I enjoy reading others do it too. I have nominated you for an WordPress Family Award. Check my blog for details. 
Keep up the good work. 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Stag Owners Club  on  My Stag History - A Prop… 
 
 
 
 
 Ian on  My Stag History - A Prop… 
 
 
 
 
 Jake@ThePeasantBlog  on  Body Work Adventure - Pa… 
 
 
 KYM on  Body Work Adventures - P… 
 
 
 
 
 Stag Owners Club  on  Body Work Adventure - Pa… 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Body Work Adventures - Part 3, Paint! 
 Body Work Adventure - Part 2, The Professionals 
 Body Work Adventure - Part 1, The Great Strip 
 NEC Classic Car Show - here we come!!! 
 Da Da Daaaa – RALLY STAG! 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Where They Served 
 One Man And His Mustang 
 Charlecote Park: Uncovered 
 The Mechanic Stop 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Where They Served 
 A commemorative tour of second world war airfields 
 One Man And His Mustang 
 A Classic '66 Ford Mustang Coupe v8 Restoration Guide. Car Detailing & Product Reviews. 
 Charlecote Park: Uncovered 
 News, views and chat from the National Trust at Charlecote Park in Warwickshire. 
 The Mechanic Stop 
 Your one stop to all things automotive! 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
