
 
 Sign In 
 Employers 
 
 Find 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Benefits & Perks 
 
 
 Health HMO 
 
 
 Health PPO 
 Life Insurance 
 Short-term Disability 
 Long-term Disability 
 Dental 
 Orthodontic 
 Prescription 
 Vision 
 Wellness Incentives 
 Pet Insurance 
 Accidental Death & Dismemberment 
 FMLA 
 Sabatticals 
 Personal Days/annual 
 Vacation 2 weeks / service time 
 Vacation 3 weeks / service time 
 Vacation 4 weeks / 3 service time 
 Vacation Other 
 Vacation 
 Volunteer Days 
 Flexible Work Scheduling 
 Paid Maternity / Paternity Leave 
 Paid Holidays 
 Paid Sick Time 
 Employee Assistance Programs 
 Subsidized Public Transportation 
 Subsidized Parking 
 Adoption Assistance 
 Relocation Support 
 Military Spouse Job Assistance 
 401k 
 401k Matched 
 Profit Sharing 
 Employee Referral Bonuses 
 Tuition Reimbursement Partial 
 Tuition Reimbursement Full 
 Annual Bonuses 
 Flexible Spending Accounts 
 Charitable Donation Matches 
 Discounted Stock Purchases 
 Company Products 
 Integration Partner Products 
 Rental Cars 
 Hotels 
 Vacation Packages 
 Property Rentals 
 Entertainment 
 On-site Daycare 
 On-site Drycleaner 
 On-site Cafeteria (lunch / dinner) 
 On-site Workout Facility 
 Instructed Yoga Classes 
 Mobile Car Wash / Detailing Service 
 Visiting Nurse 
 Health Screenings 
 Flu Shots 
 Relaxation Room 
 Beverage Stations 
 Ergonomic Work Areas / Desks 
 On-site ATM 
 Pet Daycare and Bring Your Pet to Work Days 
 Walking path on company campus 
 Credit Union 
 On-site Hair Salon 
 On-going training 
 Fast-track programs 
 Company-wide Networking / Collaboration Projects 
 Annual Recognition / Achievement Bonus 
 Quarterly Reviews with Bonus Potential 
 Lunch 
 Car Allowance 
 Expense Account 
 Test Benny 
 Frogs Legs 
 Test 
 Beach vacations 
 New Perk 
 test perk 
 test confirmation 
 OPM 
 OPN Test 
 Free Lunch 
 Free Pop Corn 
 test per 02 
 Cancel Apply 
 - select an industry - Accounting Airlines/Aviation Alternative Dispute Resolution Alternative Medicine Animation Apparel & Fashion Architecture & Planning Arts and Crafts Automotive Aviation & Aerospace Banking Biotechnology Broadcast Media Building Materials Business Supplies and Equipment Capital Markets Chemicals Civic & Social Organization Civil Engineering Commercial Real Estate Computer & Network Security Computer Games Computer Hardware Computer Networking Computer Software Construction Consumer Electronics Consumer Goods Consumer Services Cosmetics Dairy Defense & Space Design E-Learning Education Management Electrical/Electronic Manufacturing Entertainment Environmental Services Events Services Executive Office Facilities Services Farming Fashion Financial Services Fine Art Fishery Food & Beverages Food Production Fund-Raising Furniture Gambling & Casinos Glass, Ceramics & Concrete Government Administration Government Relations Graphic Design Health, Wellness and Fitness Higher Education Hospital & Health Care Hospitality Human Resources Import and Export Individual & Family Services Industrial Automation Information Services Information Technology and Services Insurance International Affairs International Trade and Development Internet Investment Banking Investment Management Judiciary Law Enforcement Law Practice Legal Services Legislative Office Leisure, Travel & Tourism Libraries Logistics and Supply Chain Luxury Goods & Jewelry Machinery Management Consulting Manufacturing Maritime Market Research Marketing and Advertising Mechanical or Industrial Engineering Media Production Medical Devices Medical Practice Mental Health Care Newspapers Oil & Energy Online Media Outsourcing/Offshoring Pharmaceuticals Philanthropy Photography Political Organization Printing Program Development Public Relations and Communications Public Safety Publishing Real Estate Renewables & Environment Research Restaurants Retail Security and Investigations Semiconductors Shipbuilding Sports Staffing and Recruiting Supermarkets Telecommunications Textiles Translation and Localization Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Utilities Venture Capital & Private Equity Veterinary Warehousing Wholesale Wireless Writing and Editing 
 Near 
 
 Home 
 Sign In 
 Job Seekers 
 Explore Cultures 
 Newest Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Employers 
 Why WorkScene? 
 How it Works 
 Features 
 Success Stories 
 Inbound Recruiting 101 
 
 × 
 Favorite Company    Join Talent Community    Share Page 
 Kajeet, Inc. - Telecommunications 
  Company Overview  
  Office Photos  
  Videos  
  Our Jobs  
  Benefits & Perks  
 Company Overview Office Photos Videos Our Jobs Benefits & Perks 
 × You have successfully Joined this Talent Community! 
 × You have already Joined this Talent Community! 
 × You have Already Applied for this Job! 
 × You have Successfully Applied for this Job! 
  Back to Our Jobs  
 Program Manager - Enterprise 
 McLean , VA - United States 
 
 Save Job 
 [Email](https://api.addthis.com/oexchange/0.8/forward/email/offer?url=http://www.workscene.com/apply-company-job/Program-Manager---Enterprise-McLean-VA-26655020&pubid=ra-58eeff63efdca676&title=Program Manager - Enterprise &ct=1) 
 
 
 Kajeet, Inc. 
 
 
 Save Job 
 [Email](https://api.addthis.com/oexchange/0.8/forward/email/offer?url=http://www.workscene.com/apply-company-job/Program-Manager---Enterprise-McLean-VA-26655020&pubid=ra-58eeff63efdca676&title=Program Manager - Enterprise &ct=1) 
 Print 
 
 
 Position Type: Full-time 
 Other Pay: 
 Industry: 
 Category: Product Management 
 Manages Others: 
 Experience: 
 Career Level: 
 Relocation Covered: 
 About Kajeet 
 Kajeet, Inc. is all about innovation. We are a leading wireless solutions provider enabling education, business, government and telecom service providers to customize the fast-moving world of wireless services to fit their needs. Kajeet is the leading mobile virtual network enabler, having launched the top two MSO MVNO’s, and provides the Sentinel IoT platform to a wide variety of enterprises. Kajeet is the leading wireless solution provider in K-12, helping students in over 1000 school districts. Kajeet provides innovative and optimized wireless data solutions to the SMB, Enterprise and Public Sector market across North America. For more than 15 years, we have built upon our deep expertise and agility in delivering highly configurable, unique solutions. Our management team is comprised of industry experts who seek an open environment for innovation, personal growth, and making a difference. Our fast-paced culture and focus on teamwork means you will never be bored and will have an opportunity to strengthen your professional career. The wireless world is constantly changing; we want you to be part of that journey. 
 Program Manager – Enterprise 
 The Program Manager - Enterprise will serve in a key supporting role to ensure effective and timely execution of new business capture and delivery for complex Enterprise sales and implementations. As part of our Strategy Team, the Program Manager will be a hands-on position partnering with Inside/Outside Sales Teams’ Account Managers and Business Development, Product Strategy, Vertical Strategy, Operations, Product Development and Engineering teams. 
 The Program Manager - Enterprise is responsible for end-to-end management of multiple simultaneous internal and external projects. This position will team with business and technical partners to define opportunities and deliver solutions on time and within budget which delight our clients. You will interact with our clients on a frequent basis ensuring that the internal and client team’s expectations are set and met for each project. The Program Manager will also have responsibility for coordination and on-time delivery of responses to Enterprise RFXs, where applicable. 
 The individual filling this role should be able to demonstrate expertise and success in project management frameworks and complex proposal response from prior experience. Experience with the use and management of technology in educational settings and additional public and private sector Enterprise verticals a plus. 
 This position will report to the Manager, Strategy PMO and will work closely with all internal teams, solutions partners, and resellers. 
 A Day in the Life Will Likely Include: 
 · Interface with the Enterprise Team to structure and execute complex projects, business development opportunities, and bid/application responses (RFXs). This will entail working across the Kajeet organization to coordinate tasks, identifying responsibilities and holding the team responsible for delivery. The “team” may include Solutions Engineering, Sales and Account Management, Product Strategy and Product Management, Operations, Software and Network Engineering, and Partners for technical design. 
 · Interface with Sales and Marketing, Product Strategy, Partners and Senior Leadership for cost analysis and strategic pricing to win complex opportunities. 
 · Direct complex projects involving multiple internal and external constituents through all phases of projects. 
 · Define and track project milestones while developing, maintaining, and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan. 
 · Rigorously manage scope to ensure commitments are achieved within agreed upon time, cost, and quality parameters. 
 · See how things can be done rather than why they can’t be done. 
 · Communicate clearly with internal, client and vendor teams in multiple diverse locations, ensuring that strategic and tactical deliverables are accomplished on-time. 
 · Regularly conduct postmortems on capability delivery and ensure that the team learns from mistakes as well as victories. 
 · Performance of other related duties as required. 
 Sound good? What You’ll Need to Land this Job: 
 This position requires significant attention to detail, as well as constant communication with internal team members and external partners and clients. The successful candidate is proactive, creative and an assertive advocate for the internal or external client. The candidate for this role has strong communication skills (written and oral), is able to work concurrently on multiple projects, works well with others and learns quickly. 
 Minimum Requirements: 
 · Firm commitment to human flourishing through Internet connectivity 
 · Desire to join a team working together to achieve challenging internal objectives 
 · Proven ability to deliver against deadlines with cross-functional teams using coordination and persuasion to get results 
 · 3-5 years of experience in program and/or project management. 
 · Current PMP certification or equivalent experience. 
 · Experience with commercial projects with technical components 
 · Demonstrated ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects concurrently. 
 · Ability to hear, understand, articulate and document specific customer requirements and timelines. 
 · Demonstrated, applied experience establishing and delivering complex projects. 
 · Excellent problem-solving and strategic thinking skills. 
 · Successful history of being part of team sales: i.e., partnering with sales and support teams for new business capture. 
 · Experience with proposal response including compliance, business and technical requirements. 
 · Ability to present complex issues in clearly written language. 
 · Detail-orientation with an ability to prioritize and meet aggressive goals. 
 · Demonstrated ability to coordinate cross-functional groups to accomplish goals. 
 · Solid written, oral, and presentation skills with ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences inside and outside the organization. 
 Preferred Additional Skills and Experience: 
 · Experience in the telecommunications industry, specifically mobile broadband. 
 · Experience with project delivery methodologies such as PMBOK, and the conversion of SOWs, Proposals and Contracts into Performance Work Statements and Contract Work Breakdown Structures. 
 · Experience with development project methodologies such as Agile, Scrum and Waterfall. 
 · Experience working in virtual teams and in a growth-stage company environment with a strong work ethic, “get-it-done” attitude and ability to wear multiple hats. 
 · Experience with Jira, Confluence, Teams, Salesforce.com, Office 365, and Zoom. 
 · Experience proposing and/or delivering projects using mobile broadband service and hardware including carrier and private LTE networks, routers, modems and modules; FCC, PTCRB and carrier certifications; LORA, Zigbee, CatM, CatM1 and other IOT network technologies. 
 The Good Stuff: 
 We value our employees’ time and efforts. Our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation, commensurate with experience, and our extensive benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental and vision benefits and future growth opportunities within the company. Plus, we work to maintain the best possible environment for our employees, where people can learn and grow with the company. We strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning and culture. 
 Kajeet, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other classification protected by law. 
 
         
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 
 
 Job Seeker Home 
 
 
 Explore Cultures 
 
 
 Newest Jobs 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 
 Why WorkScene 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Features 
 
 
 Success Stories 
 
 
 Inbound Recruiting 101 
 
 
 Programs 
 
 
 Charter Member Program 
 
 
 Our Company 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Work@WorkScene 
 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 Creative Services 
 
 
 Brand Resources 
 
 
 Report Abuse 
 
 
 Feature Request 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 
 
 Job Seeker Home 
 
 
 Explore Cultures 
 
 
 Newest Jobs 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 
 Why WorkScene 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Features 
 
 
 Success Stories 
 
 
 Employer Directory 
 
 
 Inbound Recruiting 101 
 
 
 Programs 
 
 
 Charter Member Program 
 
 
 Agency Partner Program 
 
 
 Our Company 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Work@WorkScene 
 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 Creative Services 
 
 
 Brand Resources 
 
 
 Report Abuse 
 
 
 Feature Request 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Work Scene Media LLC, All Right Reserved  Privacy Policy   Terms of Usage 
