  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Senior Partnerships Manager 
 at Feast It 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Description 
 Feast It is using technology to build a better events industry. 
 We've built a curated platform connecting the best suppliers to the most exciting events, from dinner parties for 20, to nationwide virtual events for 2000, right up to the UK's most famous festivals. We believe that every event deserves incredible food, drink and entertainment and we are building the technology to unlock it for everyone. 
 Only three years into our journey, our clients include everyone from Amazon, Nike and London Pride, to Tom Cruise, Star Wars and Taylor Swift. We have seen nothing but rapid growth and  were recently named #7 in the most exciting startups in the UK , were finalists in the  2019 Natwest Entrepreneur Awards , have been featured in pretty much every major publication including; The Guardian, The Times, Techcrunch, The FT and have been named in the top  15 in Tempo's 50 Best Places to Work . We have also attracted more than £5m in funding from some of the UK's finest investors including Tim Score (Chairman of British Land), MAHR Projects, Ascension Ventures, Guy Berryman (member of Coldplay) and Richard Pennycook (Former Hut Group Chairman and Co-op CEO) who has joined us as Chair. 
 If you're a status-quo challenging self-starter looking to change an industry, you'll fit right in and we want to hear from you. 
 Requirements 
 We're looking for a commercially astute and relationship-focused Senior Partnerships Manager to lead the business development and partnerships arm of the Commercial Team. You will work on developing new and existing client accounts and building strategic partnerships, with the primary aim of growing the number of qualified event leads delivered to our inbound sales team, and ultimately, events booked on Feast It. You'll be responsible for prospecting, securing briefs, pitching and delivering revenue from new and existing accounts. You'll be an accomplished people manager comfortable with delivering commercial value as an individual while also coaching and managing a growing team to do the same and reach its collective goals. 
 This role will report to the Head of Commercial, where you will take responsibility for the outbound sales arm of the department, from strategy and its execution. You'll ensure we grow the number of accounts and event leads necessary to meet ambitious growth targets, and you'll be passionate about helping Feast It develop its service and product offering to business clients of all types. You'll have a strategic brain, constantly thinking about new and innovative ways to grow the B2B side of the business, whether that is through targeting a specific client or segment of clients, ideating on a creative new strategic partnership, or improving our own systems, processes and sales collateral to improve performance. 
 You will have good experience in account management or business development, ideally selling a product or service within the events industry. Naturally, this role requires a high degree of drive, autonomy and a "go-getter" attitude. Attending regular client meetings, launching campaigns and generally making sure the business does right by its corporate client base will require a blend of personability, commercial hunger and emotional intelligence to help us to build towards becoming the world's best event planning platform. 
 Apply if you: 
 
 Have 3+ years of commercial experience, within the events industry, or selling corporate perks directly into businesses. 
 Are great at developing and managing strategic partnerships with key accounts. 
 Have an enthusiasm for events and the problem that Feast It solves. 
 Are happy providing strategic direction and assisting in the development of systems and processes to strengthen relationships with corporate clients, and improving the sales cycle. 
 Have a natural passion and tenacity for sales and relationship management. 
 Are happy carrying a sales quota and the responsibility for conversion, as well as lead generation. 
 Are emotionally intelligent, empathetic and personable. We care about our customers and take their needs seriously, so we need you to show that too! 
 Excited to be part of a team and up for the journey. Startups are hard work, but we have fun whilst we do it and enjoy celebrating the wins. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Share options and scope for this role to evolve as the company grows 
 Generous holiday allowance 
 Pension contribution 
 Significant discounts in a lot of London's best restaurants and bars 
 Regular team socials and events, ranging from virtual wine & cheese tastings, to company dinner parties and heading to events like Secret Cinema 
 A top of the range Macbook to work on 
 You'll be part of a fun and passionate team who genuinely enjoy each other's company and enjoy grabbing a drink post-work. 
 Currently, we're working remotely, so there's no need to come into the office. 
 When we do decide to go back to the office, there will be plenty of flexibility around how often you need to do so. However, we hope that being close to 100+ incredible lunch options, amazing bars, delis and restaurants, will be an exciting enough reason to come in and get to know your colleagues IRL a few days per week. Oh, we forgot to mention, the office is dog-friendly... 
 
 Published at 11 Jan 2021 - Expires on 11 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
