  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Bitcoin 
 
 Bitcoin Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Bitcoin Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/bitcoin) 
 Last month 
 Develop a module that replaces the payment methods of the script 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 I need to develop a module to replace the payment methods of the script. 
 The script is coded in Ioncube so a parallel module must be developed that works with the script and uses my own payment methods: 
 1. Develop a module to use my own payment methods in the script 
 2. Make the module have the same script administrator login credentials even if they change. 
 3. The payment methods can be activated or deactivated / enter the corresponding payment method information in the module 
 4. We will start with the coinpayments payment method to receive bitcoin / ethereum or others supported by coinpayments and can add or remove coins. (It should be possible to add other payment processors later, once this part is completed, PerfectMoney, Payeer, Coinbase, Paykassa and others will be added) 
 
 The payment method must be integrated and shown in the script without leaving it. 
 
 6. When choosing a plan in the script and processing the payment, the balance must be automatically added to the user correctly 
 7. Automatic Withdrawals if the payment processor in this case coinpayments allows automatic withdrawals from the user's account in the script, it must be possible to activate or deactivate automatic withdrawals. 
 8. The user's account must be able to deposit with the account balance if available or make the deposit with my payment methods. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  B. Colombia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 Bitcoin Multisig Script in Php 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 2 
 I need help to develop a bitcoin multisig 2-3 script in PHP. Basically it will be the next tutorial:  https://btcinformation.org/en/developer-examples#p2sh-multisig  with few additional steps: combine several utxos from a multisig address into a raw transaction and sign  it.Also  I would like to be able to create several raw transactions and sign them at once if it is possible (if not with the first previous I am fine) You do not need to do it from scratch as I already have the above explanation coded but when I try to sign partially the raw transaction it returns me an error; so I can share my code and probably few tweaks to the code could solve it 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. S. Last reply: 2 months ago  United Kingdom 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 I need an online virtual cryptocurrency payment officer 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 6 
 I need an online virtual cryptocurrency payment officer to make payment of staff salary or wages in an international organization using the cryptocurrency exchange channel. You must have knowledge about the cryptocurrency exchange channel and also know about cryptocurrency itself. To get legible for this work, bidder must be ready to have a Bitcoin wallet and if you don't have you must be ready to register to have one. 
Coins present inside the wallet is also a legible aim of getting work started for me. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. S. Last reply: 6 months ago  Nigeria 
 Less than USD 50 
 7 months ago 
 A cryptocurrency marketing officer is needed 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 1 
 A cryptocurrency marketing officer is needed to patronize traders who are interested to sell Bitcoin in exchange for cash. You must be able to create a rapol amidst traders and make them willingly to sell out Bitcoin to have their cash immediately after confirmation. You must have an idea on cryptocurrency and you must have a Bitcoin wallet. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 Published by:  B. C. Last reply: 7 months ago  Nigeria 
 USD 50 - 100 
 7 months ago 
 I need a crypto currency payroll officer 
 Published: 7 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 A crypto currency payment officer is needed  in a property and estate management company located in UK. The officer is to work online from home in making salary transactions into all staff needed to be paid. The officer is to obtain and register into a crypto currency account and have its wallet because that is the tools he or she needed to make the payment transactions. 
The company will forward detail listed names of workers payroll to be paid and amounted sum of currency to be paid will be describe. Also company will send all sum into the officer account to make the payment as desire within limited time. 
Shortlisted bidder should be ready to make a refundable payment as an intermediary agreement between the client and the company. Other information to be known can be ask as awarded bidder will be forwarded to the Human resources management agent unit. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  P. J. Nigeria 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 11 months ago 
 Blockchain explanation 
 Published: 11 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 2 
 Hello, 
I want someone who can explain to me wheat is blockchain. Its cons and pros, application in real world and others stuff. Note that i am a EFL person and have little background to techs :) 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Other 
 Other roles needed  : blockchain 
 Published by:  A. Kuwait 
 Less than USD 50 
 11 months ago 
 Beautify and Enchance Ready Ppt in Mandarin related to Blockchain a... 
 Published: 11 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 12 
 I have ready content with images Powerpoint Presentation (total 38 pages) for Blockchain and Crytocurrency in Mandarin language. I am looking for someone in related field who can enhance and beatify the overview of the presentation urgently. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. Last reply: 11 months ago  Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
