Skip to primary content 
 Your LTC Resource Blog 
 Ed and Elise Roberts for Your LTC Resource, Inc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 HOME 
 ABOUT US 
 CONTACT US 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 My number one job is to find the best extended care program for you 
 Posted on  September 8, 2013  by   Your LTC Resource 
 Very true words, and I take them seriously.  Even if it means I  don’t  get your business . 
 My father always said,  “Always do what’s in the best interest for your client,”  and I’ve never strayed from that. Because when you work with people in planning for their future, you want to be sure you are providing them with a  good service they need at a price they can afford. 
 Case in point: Last week I visited with a husband and wife who had both recently retired. They had no savings, were in reasonably good health, but were having trouble consistently paying their mortgage. They wanted to buy a Long-Term Care policy. 
 The more I talked with them, the more I was sure that Long-Term Care was not right for them.  They were already strained paying their mortgage. The last thing they needed was to add another bill to their budget. 
 I suggested that a better route for their situation might be to get information on a reverse mortgage, since they did have equity in their home. I put them in touch with someone I knew would give them the information they needed to make a good decision. 
 They called me back to thank me and suggested that now that they had money in the bank, they could invest in Long-Term Care. I had to smile. I was pleased they believed so strongly in the program and in my services, but once again, I said that I didn’t feel Long-Term Care was in their best interest right now. 
 Would your agent have made that decision?  My responsibility and commitment as a Long-Term Care planning specialist is to help navigate through the many choices available for clients, and help them choose what is best for them -- even if it means I don’t sell them a policy. 
 I am always happy to talk to new potential customers and give them  the facts about Long-Term Care  and other extended care programs. And – I’m always ready to say no, if what I offer isn’t in their best interests. I think that’s the only way to go… and my father, I’m sure, would agree. ~ Elise 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Elise Roberts ,  Indianapolis ,  Long-term Care Insurance ,  Short Term care ,  Your Long-term Care  and tagged  Financial Services ,  Health ,  Long-term care ,  Long-term care insurance  by  Your LTC Resource . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Care to Comment?  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Categories 
 
 Affordable Care Act 
 Critical Care Insurance 
 Dave Ramsey endorsed 
 Ed Roberts 
 Elise Roberts 
 Health Care hybrid policies 
 Indiana 
 Indianapolis 
 Long-term Care Insurance 
 Retirement 
 Short Term care 
 Uncategorized 
 wills 
 Your Long-term Care 
 
 
 
 AARP 
 Activities of daily living 
 Affordable Care Act 
 Assisted living 
 Baby boomer 
 Business 
 DaveRamsey 
 Dependency ratio 
 Dropbox 
 Elise 
 Expense 
 Family 
 Finance 
 Financial plan 
 Financial Services 
 Health 
 Health care 
 health care expenses 
 Health care in the United States 
 Health insurance 
 Health insurance exchange 
 Home care 
 Hospice 
 Indiana Partnership Plan 
 Individual retirement account 
 Insurance 
 IRA 
 Itemized deduction 
 Legal working age 
 Living wills 
 Long-term care 
 Long-term care insurance 
 Medicaid 
 Medicare 
 MetLife 
 Nursing 
 Nursing home 
 Out-of-pocket expenses 
 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act 
 POA 
 Population ageing 
 Pre-existing condition 
 Protecting your savings 
 Qualified Retirement Plans (West's Employment Law Series Volumes 1 & 2) 
 Retirement home 
 Roth IRA 
 Senior Health 
 senior living 
 Short-Term Care 
 Social Security 
 Tax deduction 
 Terminal illness 
 Traditional IRA 
 United States 
 United States Census Bureau 
 US Census Bureau 
 What is long-term care? 
 Wills 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Your LTC Resource, Inc. 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 
 Follow Our Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
