Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Coordinator, Volunteer Engagement 
 Canadian Cancer Society 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WHY JOIN THE CANADIAN CANCER SOCIETY (CCS)? 
 As Canada’s largest national health charity, we fund the most promising cancer research, champion cancer prevention efforts and deliver programs and services that benefit Canadians affected by cancer. Join us and you can work with passionate and committed individuals from coast to coast who are working towards a world where no Canadian fears cancer. 
 To learn more about us, visit cancer.ca. 
 JOB OVERVIEW 
 Reporting to the Operations Business Partner, the Operations Coordinator will be responsible for supporting and coordinating the operations of the Volunteer Experience Team. This role will liaise with the VEST (volunteer experience support team) volunteers and will work closely with all members of the VE team. The Operations Coordinator holds the critical role of leading the ongoing development and improvement, as well as day-to-day configuration, support, and maintenance of Salesforce Constituent Relationship Management (CRM) system. The incumbent will have a strong focus on data management, record keeping, and coordination of systems and process in support of the volunteer cycle. 
 This role can be based anywhere in Canada. 
 WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING: 
Liaise directly with VE team members to understand volunteer needs and priorities, document and coordinate administrative process to support. 
Provide administrative support to the VE team through attendance of all VE team meetings, documentation and tracking of team action items, organization of internal VE communications, and maintenance of electronic filing system and records. 
Manage implementation of volunteer data enrichment services through Salesforce, remaining knowledgeable and up to date on system capabilities and CCS data standards and best practices. 
Design and produce accurate queries, exports, reports, and lists as needed by VE team members to provide accurate information to support volunteer recruitment, stewardship, and recognition activities. 
Create and maintain spreadsheets and templates as needed to support the VE team through various stages of the volunteer cycle. 
Maintain accuracy and integrity of volunteer data by updating duplicate accounts, deceased or inactive constituents, bad addresses, general contact information, as well as the regular updating and maintenance of volunteer communication preferences. 
Documentation and maintenance of team processes and standard operating practices, including creation of operational manuals. 
Coordinate internal training to ensure continuous organizational knowledge and optimization of database. 
Assisting with project management executing assigned tasks, delegating assignments, tracking progress, and resolving issues. 
Supports volunteer recruitment and onboarding process as required. 
Work in compliance with Health and Safety regulations, and comply with the CCS's Health & Safety Policy. 
Other duties as assigned. 
 WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: 
Completion of post-secondary education in a related field with a minimum of 1 year of experience in a coordinating role with office management, data management or systems management focus. 
Experience working with Salesforce, and/or other CRM systems. 
Bilingual is an asset. 
Knowledge and experience in MS Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Calendar, Microsoft Teams. 
Experience working remotely is an asset. 
Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with competing deadlines and multiple priorities. 
Ability to work and coordinate with different teams, to understand business needs and to deliver results. 
Strong communication skills (verbal, interpersonal, and written). 
Excellent organizational skills with high attention to detail. 
 WHAT WE OFFER: 
CCS offers meaningful opportunities to make an impact in the fight against cancer. We are committed to fostering a culture that is inspiring, supportive and exemplifies our core values: CARING COURAGE INTEGRITY PROGRESSIVE. 
 In return for your skills and dedication, we offer an attractive compensation package that encompasses a competitive salary, excellent benefits and the opportunity to have a rewarding employment experience where your contributions can make a true difference every day. 
 HOW TO APPLY: 
Qualified candidates are invited to submit their resume, cover letter and salary expectations by December 9, 2020. 
 For internal candidates, this position is assigned to salary band 3. 
 The Canadian Cancer Society is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from all qualified candidates. CCS will make available reasonable accommodations for people with disabilities upon request. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest and advise that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Please note that in keeping with the mandate of the Canadian Cancer Society to model and promote healthy lifestyles, employees are not permitted to smoke in or about Society premises or while carrying out CCS business. 
 Connect with us online 
 LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter | YouTube 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
