Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Floor Supervisor 
 Talize 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who We Are 
 Founded in 2005, Talize is a proudly Canadian owned and operated leading thrift retailer. We are a privately owned for profit national company that is rapidly expanding. At Talize we take pride in ensuring that our customers always have an excellent shopping experience and are able to find great items at a reasonable price. We are also a proud platinum sponsor of the Children's Wish Foundation. Talize is the ultimate Thrift Experience! 
 What we are looking for: 
 We are seeking friendly and persuasive individual who can work in a systematic and precise manner with the ability absorb and impart information to others on a factual basis. As a Retail Floor Supervisor you are part of our leadership team and reporting to the Retail Floor Manager. You are directly responsible for maintaining and operating our retail facility in a safe, customer focused and profitable manner. You must provide optimum level of leadership, by encouraging, training and supporting staff to achieve results. You will create a store culture that is participatory, positive, and high performing engaged employees creating a Talize Thrift Experience! 
 Must Haves: 
 
 Minimum of 1 year of retail experience, in a previous retail supervisory role. 
 An understanding of store operations, financial analysis, merchandising and sales. 
 Must be organized with an attention to detail and strong follow-up skills. 
 Ability to multitask in a fast paced environment. 
 Ability to Influence, lead and motivate employees 
 Must have open availability to work day, evening and weekend 
 Developmental management skills to include; coaching, training, motivating and effective/efficient communication skills. 
 Proficient computer skills 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Retail Management: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
