
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Associate User Experience Designer 
 Apply Now 
 Associate User Experience Designer 
 Power is seeking an Associate User Experience Designer to join our team at the HQ office outside of Philadelphia, PA. This designer will have the ability to define how internal users will interact with our homegrown systems. We are looking for a collaborative UX designer, with front end development skills, who is passionate about creating phenomenal tools that people genuinely want to use. 
 What we do here 
 Fancy a unique work environment that is constantly pushing you to try something new? or perhaps stretch your skills by designing for an industry you’ve always wanted to improve? 
 At Power, we build our own application suite of products to run our entire business. We build complete solutions for finance, recruiting, sales, contact center and even built meeting software. These are just some of the areas you’ll get an opportunity to tackle. 
 We also design solutions for in-home augmented reality, satellite photo measurements, and artificial intelligence suggestion engines. 
 The biggest perk of working at Power is that we have a small, talented team with a very large audience. This means you have the ability to make a huge impact on the product and the company, whilst also having really interesting and challenging problems to work on. We believe deeply in what we do and we're all in this to build something lasting, sustainable and positive. 
 Power has been awarded Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT, Fortune Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials, one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work, one of Inc. 5000’s Fastest Growing Private Companies, and Philadelphia Magazine Coolest Companies. 
 Qualifications: 
 
 An online portfolio or samples of work showing relevant experience 
 Ability to design projects across the entire product lifecycle. 
 Experience with front-end development 
 Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills 
 Strong collaboration skills across disciplines to drive change into products 
 Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently 
 Familiarity with design systems 
 Ability to define problems and goals, map user flows, prototype interactions 
 Ability to support the building process across with development 
 A deep understanding of user problems to create elegant but practical solutions 
 Thorough knowledge of many design approaches, methodologies and lo-fi and high-fi prototyping skills 
 Ability to identify problems and act on opportunities to improve the product 
 Nice to have: Ruby on Rails, and or React.js experience 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program matched by Power 
 Competitive salary - We pay very well at market rates reflecting both location and experience. 
 All the tech you need - We'll pay for whatever hardware and software you need to work and make sure you're regularly upgraded to the latest versions 
 Personal development - Personal development books, courses, & conferences. 
 Paid parental leave - When the time comes to welcome a new member of the family, we offer paid parental leave. 
 3 events per year focused on internal development and improvement. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
