  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 Rate:  Up to £25000 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 HR Officer 
 Role: HR Officer 
Location: Ashford, TN23 
Work pattern: 37 Hours per week 
Start date: March 2021 
 My client is looking for multiple HR officers to work on a new project that is set to open up in the area around 2021 
Duties 
, Working closely with managers and Members in an advisory and consultancy role, to assist them to understand, interpret and implement policies and procedures. 
, To develop strong and effective relationships with senior managers throughout the Council in order to advise and support to managers with matters concerning disciplinary, grievance, termination of staff employment and performance management. 
, To provide advice on employment conditions, remuneration, employment law and similar matters, and to initiate changes in individuals employment conditions. 
, To ensure the effective management of sickness absence in units and provide information, advice and guidance to managers concerning appropriate action. 
 , To provide, as appropriate, advice on resourcing activities i.e. 
 recruitment, interviews, selection testing. 
 Develop assessment techniques and take part in selection interviews for specific recruitment projects. 
Candidate Profile 
, Experience of Generalist workload including analysing and applying HR policy and procedure. 
 , Experience of handling complex case work covering discipline, grievance, capability, sickness etc. 
, Experience of providing advice to managers and staff on HR related issues. 
, Previous experience of Leading HR and other projects. 
, Experience of introducing change programmes. 
, CIPD level 5 or 7 (desirable) 
If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
 If you require any additional information regarding the position, please call Ryan at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 966 or send an E-Mail to adam.benouaich@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  March 2021 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £25000 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Human_Resources 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 15:50:43 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Case Progression and Assurance Manager 
 Service Administrator  
 Support Worker  
 CAMHS Mental Health Practitioner 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
