Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FSQR Intern 2020 
 Cargill 
 __Guelph, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Imagine an internship where you get the chance to apply knowledge gained in the classroom to a real-life environment and then multiply that tenfold. From day one, you will be an integral part of the team. Internships are 16 weeks long, and we pride ourselves on having one of the most diverse internship programs in the industry. During the internship, you will tackle real challenges, cultivate your curiosity, have client exposure, enjoy both personal and team accomplishments and have your initiative acknowledged along the way. You will collaborate and build relationships with colleagues and clients who represent diverse work, culture and resolution styles. We look for people who want to grow, support, think and produce. 
 Food Safety, Quality and Regulatory Internship: 
As a Food Safety, Quality and Regulatory Co-op you will learn the various aspects of the business as well as be assigned a project that aligns you with our operational needs. You will be trained in various areas required to learn basic skills necessary to understand the process to complete assigned project(s). These areas of training/projects may include the following: 
 Food Safety 
 
 Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP’s) 
 Sanitation Requirements 
 CFIA Regulations and Requirements 
 HACCP 
 Food Safety Initiatives 
 FSSC / ISO 22000 
 Product Sampling 
 
 Operations 
 
 Plant operations 
 Plant process studies 
 Process Improvements Inventory Management (scheduling/planning/maintaining inventory) 
 
 EHS 
 
 Overview of OSHA Requirements 
 Safety Training 
 Injury/Illness Reporting 
 Job Task Procedures (JTP’s) 
 
 Internship Programming: 
 
 Cargill offers relocation reimbursement to interns who qualify (based on mileage). 
 Internships are paid and are at least 16 weeks in duration. 
 Day–to-day transportation to and from work is the responsibility of the intern. 
 Interns who demonstrate exceptional performance and a curiosity to learn more may be offered a full-time position for the following year. 
 
 Job Locations: 
 
 Guelph, ON 
 Plant setting 
 
 Qualifications 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Animal Science, Food Science, Ag-Business, Ag-Econ, Engineering, Business Administration or related fields and graduating between December 2020 and May 2022. 
 Willingness to work evening, night, weekend and rotating shifts if required 
 Must be legally entitled to work for Cargill in Canada 
 Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse backgrounds and cultures 
 All candidates must be geographically flexible and willing to relocate for an internship opportunity anywhere in the Canada. 
 Able to complete a 16 week internship (May- August 2020) 
 Must possess a high degree of initiative and resourcefulness in completing work with limited guidance 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Overall 3.0 GPA or higher 
 
 Cargill is an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing accommodation to our job applicants with disabilities. 
 Job Quality Assurance/Food Safety 
Primary Location Canada-Ontario-Guelph 
Other Locations Canada 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
