WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Producer 
 Deck Nine Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 27, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Westminster, CO 
 Remote 
 Deck Nine Games is currently hiring  Producers  for our current and next narrative adventure game. 
 Could this be you? Do you love spreadsheets and people? Does a well-groomed backlog scratch your organizational itch? Is it possible your team could be just a little more efficient? Do you min / max every game you play? Do you eye-roll when your family or friends try to plan anything? Most importantly, do you value leading by serving, solving conflict with grace, and empowerment through transparency? If so, then you’re the right person for the job.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Work with team to establish milestone schedule and goals 
 Join forces with the team to build and maintain efficient processes 
 Construct spreadsheets and documents for internal and external consumption 
 Manage Jira and Confluence projects / spaces 
 Own costs and status so as to collaborate on prioritization of stakeholder input 
 Make decisions based on data of resources, costs, and benefit 
 Foster good meeting culture: number, length, attendance, etiquette 
 Identify risks to team and product, construct mitigation plans, communicate to production apparatus 
 Proactively monitor potential issues before they become blockers and establish best practice solutions to categories of problems 
 Push for quality with respect to resources 
 Identify opportunities for pushback with publisher or internal stakeholders and communicate with data 
 Proactively communicate milestone issues and / or create solutions for issues 
 Hold and evangelize Scrum ceremonies: standups, planning, retrospectives, and reviews 
 Collaborate with Game Director to deliver game on time and on budget 
 Contribute solutions to team, product, and studio problems 
 Member of and contributor to a positive, collaborative, creative studio environment 
 Take every idea and challenge seriously but not personally 
 Be a passionate leader every day  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive starting salary 
 Generous PTO including paid parental leave 
 Health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family 
 Growth opportunities for your career 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Requirements: 
 
 5+ years of experience in production, preferably with 1+ years as lead producer 
 Shipped AAA PC and / or console games 
 Excellent verbal and written communication 
 Pro at managing competing priorities and time management 
 Able to establish your own priorities and solve problems 
 Remain calm and positive in the face of stress and conflict 
 Strong knowledge of project management and office software, ideally Atlassian + MS Office 
 Must be willing to eventually relocate to the Denver, Colorado region  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Bonus Points 
 
 Experience with narrative or cinematic driven games 
 Worked in another discipline: programming, art, design, narrative, animation, et cetera 
 Knowledge of Agile and other methodologies 
 Strong Jira, Confluence, Excel know how 
 CSM, PMP or other certifications 
 
 ‍ 
 If you are a talented and passionate game developer and you are looking to challenge yourself, please apply today! Full-time position available, remote to start but with ability to relocate and applicants must already be authorized to work in the U.S. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Deck Nine 
 Deck Nine Games is an independent game developer dedicated to crafting interactive story games that inspire, transform, and entertain players. Our passion is storytelling games. 
 Our first narrative game, Life is Strange: Before the Storm is loved by fans and has won multiple awards, including Game of Year and was nominated for both a VGA and a BAFTA. The studio is comprised of nearly 100 people and is located in sunny Westminster, Colorado at the base of the Rocky Mountains. We hope to share more information about our next title with Square Enix as soon as we can. 
 We’re looking for talented and self-motivated people to join us as we aim to rise to the top of the storytelling game studios. We are part of the thriving Colorado game dev scene and our location offers a lower cost of living and a proximity to countless family-friendly activities and amazing outdoor opportunities. If this sounds appealing to you, please apply! 
 As the crafters of stories that encompass the full breadth of life’s experiences, Deck Nine is committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and multicultural team in which people from all walks of life feel inspired to do their best work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and believe deeply in the creativity and strength built from diversity of race, religion, disability, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, nationality, and the many other qualities that make us different. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromWestminster, COProducerDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
