  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Tips   
 What Can You Do Now to Be Ready When the COVID-19 Pandemic Is Over? 
 
 What Can You Do Now to Be Ready When the COVID-19 Pandemic Is Over? 
 by Alexine Garcia 
 It is an understatement to say that things in the U.S. have gotten a bit chaotic. It feels much like someone flipped the table and we are all now scrambling to gather the floating papers. The sudden shift to quarantine has left many employees and job seekers without solid footing. While the foreseeable future is quite foggy, there are several things you can do to get on track and gain some order. Whether you are in fear of losing your job, already have or were in the middle of a job search, these tips can help. 
 Keep an Eye on the Changing Market During the Pandemic 
 The majority of workers are feeling the effects of pandemic and expecting a 2020 recession. However, don’t fall into the trap of fear. Follow reputable resources to find facts on the current job market. Industries like travel, hospitality, manufacturing, food service and sports are hurting greatly during  COVID-19 quarantine . However, grocery stores, food delivery, mail services, online learning, streaming services and tech  are hiring  in mass. Best of all, many of these jobs can be done from home in quarantine. 
 Create a Career Plan During the COVID-19 Quarantine 
 There is no better period to use the extra alone time we have gained to make a plan for your future. While it can be hard to plan more than a few steps ahead because of our current state of uncertainty, remaining flexible will be key. Figure out what your goals are and flesh them out. Perhaps it is time to make a career move? Maybe  COVID-19  has given you no other option than changing industries to keep your family afloat. If you are already  working from home , this might be a time to maximize your income with the extra opportunities that are available. Once you know what direction you want to move in, consider what your next three steps are. 
 Get Your Resume into Gear 
 Use the extra time to get your resume into gear. Even if you are not going to use it in the next two weeks, experts are expecting  unemployment rates  to rise once the dust settles. Having a  resume that stands out  in the stack, is full of keywords and is eye-catching will be a game changer. Hiring an expert to take care of the task is an option, as well. While it will be an investment, it can be a complete game-changer. A professional resume writer will have keyword insight to help you get past the  Applicant Tracking Systems . They will also provide a resume that is unique to you both visually and in verbiage. 
 Reach Out to Your Network 
 In today’s market, a large majority of  available jobs are not listed . Networking to gain a new job is much better than simply applying to jobs online. With the number of job seekers vastly outweighing the available jobs, reaching out to your network of contacts can improve your chances of landing an interview. First of all, employers are currently having a hard time finding talent. Secondly, they are becoming more choosy because of the sheer amount of resources interviewing takes. Instead of simply posting a job online, they are reaching inward and looking for personal recommendations from employees. 
 During this specific time of hardship, you can email a few colleagues or previous classmates or bosses and let them know the trouble you are facing due to COVID-19. They probably have a similar story to tell and can relate. Simply letting those around you know you are looking for your next career move can create a positive buzz and can even mean finding out about job opportunities. 
 Spend Time on LinkedIn 
 Get on  LinkedIn  twice a day. This is a professional social network rich with opportunity and information. If you are fairly new to LinkedIn, start looking for and connecting with people you know. Watch for what kind of information they post on the wall. Be sure to pinpoint a few companies that might be on your dream job list and follow them. If you want insider career tips find a few resume writers or career coaches to follow. 
 Once you have made some solid connections, be sure to send a quick message saying hello. This is a great way to remind people you are around. This may cause them to visit your profile page. If you get a good conversation going you can ask them for a recommendation or endorsement. This should only be done if you have worked together and they can honestly vouch for your work ethic. 
 Be sure to get active on the network as well. Post interesting articles. Like and comment on others’ posts and articles. All of this activity becomes part of your profile page. If you use this in a serious manner it can give recruiters insight into your interests and qualifications. 
 Take Online Courses 
 Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic and self-quarantine going on, many online learning companies are offering amazing discounts on their courses. This is a great time to brush up on some skills or learn a thing or two. You can use your extra time to add some certifications to your resume or get an edge on the competition with new skills. 
 Don’t Fall into Despair 
 Above all, we can’t stress enough, don’t fall into fear. Remember that the vast majority of workers and job seekers are in the same situation. Instead use your time wisely and have a solid plan in place. Use this time to get ahead of the competition and remain ready for upcoming job openings! 
 
 Alexine Garcia, Founder of   El Paso Professional Resumes   , has been writing resumes for 9 years and started her business in 2017 to help jobseekers gain enjoyable, meaningful employment. Alexine understands all too well the hard task of translating years of experience and accomplishment into two pages. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
