Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Brand Associate 
 Gap 
 __Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 About Gap 
 Gap has always been about optimistic American style. Starting with our very first store on Ocean Avenue in San Francisco, opened almost 50 years ago by Doris and Don Fisher. The thread that’s run through those five decades is the phenomenal people that make up our brand – our employees and our customers. People who are rooted in the legacy that makes Gap what it is, but who are also focused on the future. People who want to leave the world better than they found it. 
 We’ve built our brand on staying true to our roots while always being out in front of what’s next. If you want to be part of an iconic American brand, and help lead the way for where we’re headed, we’d love to have you join us. 
 About the role 
 We’re searching for Brand Associates to join our team – no experience needed – friendly and eager to learn is what we are looking for! As a Brand Associate, you’re an important part of our team and take pride in the brand to deliver a great shopping experience for our customers. You will support your team to drive results, deliver best-in-class service and educate customers on our loyalty programs. You enjoy a fast-paced environment and have a customer-first mindset. 
 Health and safety are our top priority and we are committed to evolving our health and safety practices to keep our teams, customers and communities at the core of every decision we make. We’re taking care by requiring employees to wear masks in our stores and asking our customers to do the same. In addition, our stores have health guards at checkout, increased cleaning and sanitation efforts and physical distancing guides. We’ve also implemented associate health screenings and require all employees to do a health check at the start of each shift. 
 What you'll do 
Consistently treat all customers and employees with respect and contribute to a positive work environment. 
Support sales floor, fitting room, cash wrap, back of house, as required. 
Handle all customer interactions and potential issueseturns courteously and professionally. 
You’re able to work shifts that meet the needs of the business; flexible and/or consistent scheduling may be available. 
You act in line with our values and guiding principles. 
You are open to feedback, communicate well and take action as required. 
You’re able to learn and utilize technology. 
You’re able to maneuver around sales floor, stockroom, office and lift up to 30 lbs., with or without a reasonable accommodation. 
Who you are 
You’re able to work shifts that meet the needs of the business; flexible and/or consistent scheduling may be available. 
You act in line with our values and guiding principles. 
You are open to feedback, communicate well and take action as required. 
You’re able to learn and utilize technology. 
You’re able to maneuver around sales floor, stockroom, office and lift up to 30 lbs., with or without a reasonable accommodation. 
 In Quebec - Must be able to speak French. 
 Benefits at Gap 
 Merchandise discount for our brands:  50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet, and 10% off markdowns at Gap, Banana Republic and Outlet. 
One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.* 
Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.* 
Employee stock purchase plan.* 
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.* 
See more of the benefits we offer. 
 
 For eligible employees 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
