↓ Skip to Main Content 
 
 Main Navigation 
 __Menu 
 
 Home 
 Employment Overview 
 Jobs Listing 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Home  ›  Jobs Listing  › Job: Florida Wildlife Removal Technician 
 Job: Florida Wildlife Removal Technician 
 If you've registered with us previously, please login now. If you'd like to register, please click the 'Register' link below.Username: Password:  Register  |  Forgot your password? 
 
 
 
 Title 
 Florida Wildlife Removal Technician 
 
 
 
 
 Position 
 Technician 
 
 
 Salary 
 12 hr to start 
 
 
 Location 
 Manatee County 
 
 
 Job Information 
 
 
 
 
 Nuisance Wildlife Removal of Florida is looking for a hard working, self - motivated person for residential and commercial exclusion work. 
 Job will require roofing, carpentry and aluminum working experience (basic handyman skills). Must have knowledge of working on TILE roofs, i.e. removing / replacing tiles, flashing, etc. 
 Must be good with tools and comfortable with ladders. 
 SKILLS: 
 
 
 Neat and professional in appearance 
 
 
 Able to speak intelligently with clients 
 
 
 Very organized, (paperwork, equipment, etc.) 
 
 
 Attention to detail, and follow directions given. 
 
 
 Reliable, responsible 
 
 
 Comfortable with heights (roofs, ladders) 
 
 
 Physically able to lift 75 pounds 
 
 
 Willing to learn habits of nuisance wildlife 
 
 
 Looking for long term employment 
 
 
 Able to do on call rotation 
 
 
 Must be able to work independently in shop at times keep it organized and accessible for technicians. 
 
 
 YOU MUST HAVE: 
 
 
 Valid drivers license 
 
 
 Good driving record 
 
 
 Desire to learn and work hard 
 
 
 Clean background 
 
 
 Be able to pass drug test 
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: 
 
 
 Provide wildlife control solutions and repairs. 
 
 
 Keep detailed records of jobs. 
 
 
 Help maintain and organize equipment, trucks, etc. 
 
 
 Career growth and opportunities 
 
 
 Please reply with description of work experiences, both related and non-related to this field. 
 A little about yourself, interests, and why you think you would be good at this job, based on above description. 
 Candidates can submit their resume by fax to 941-729-7658 or email at hr@flnwr.com 
 NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. 
 Hello!  We're glad you logged on to check us out. If you want to be part of an operation that helps people who have an animal or insect nuisance problem; if you don't care if they consider you heroic when you remove their problem and shower you with praise (even though they will); if you work well in sometimes dangerous emergency situations; if you don't mind getting dirty and sweaty at times; if you can work "on call" and come when you are needed, and follow instructions, then the Nuisance Wildlife Removal team just might be right for you. 
 There are some other things you should know, however, before you fill out our application. 
 YOUR BACKGROUND  We will do background checks and we'll check your references. That will include checking police and driving records. Our insurance people require drivers with clean driving records and we require people without a criminal record. As well, when we check your references -- you know, past employers and friends -- we want to hear good things about you. If you can't give us those things, please don't bother applying. 
 PHYSICAL & MENTAL HEALTH  This is a very physical type of work. You need to be in good physical shape, able to climb ladders, work on roofs, or hot, sweaty attics and enclosed spaces of other kinds. You need to know you can get pretty dirty on the job, so if that bothers you, don't apply with Nuisance Wildlife Removal. An even temper is essential as well. If you tend to get frustrated and angry, or like to throw things or cuss people out, we don't think this type of work is for you. 
 DRUGS  Nuisance Wildlife Removal is a drug-free workplace. There are no exceptions to this rule, and we may require drug tests from time to time. You can't do drugs on your own time and then come to work stoned or "messed up" in some other way. You could hurt yourself, one of us, or a customer. Or, you could damage their property. This can be a dangerous job and your head needs to be clear at all times. So, if you do drugs at all, thanks for your interest, but we'll have to say good-bye at this point. 
 ON-THE-JOB BEHAVIOR  We want you to know up front that we're a Christian-based organization. We believe in ethical behavior and Christian principles. That is to say, we don't lie, cheat or steal. Honesty and integrity with each other and our customers is essential. You don't have to be a Christian to work at Nuisance Wildlife Removal, and we won't try to "initiate" you in our ways. You should already have basic ethical principles we can rely on. 
 COMMUNICATION SKILLS  You need to have a basic command, at least, of the English language. You will be required to communicate in a pleasant, effective manner with each other, with our clients, and with vendors who supply us. Sales are a part of our business and, in addition to being able to help clients understand and want our services, both primary and secondary (when additional work is needed on a job site), they should be able to like you and what you have to say. 
 OUR "TEAM" PHILOSOPHY  We work as a team at all times toward the betterment of our customer's needs. We support each other, whether in the field or in the office and shop. You can't be a "loner" in this area of work. The safety of team members may depend on you. 
 THE WORKDAY  People don't schedule their animal problems. If they have a problem, it's right now and they demand our service at the earliest possible moment. So, normally, you won't be working a 9-5 workday, although we try to schedule non-emergency situations between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. But we often have to start early or end late, so you should be okay with a flexible schedule. If you have to be home at a certain time for dinner, or have to pick up the kids from school at a certain time, then maybe this type of business isn't for you. On balance, though, we're not slave drivers, either. We tend to take good care of our employees and see that they have plenty of personal or downtime. By the way, light carpentry work may be required at times to seal an area off from animal or insect access. 
 ANIMAL RELOCATION AND EUTHANASIA POLICY  When we can, we prefer to relocate animals we've been asked to remove from a property, like raccoons, opossums, and so forth. There are times, however, when it becomes necessary to euthanize, or put to death, an animal, either to end its suffering or because it is a danger to us or others. Maybe it's diseased, for example, with rabies. You should have the state of mind to understand the cycle of life and that death is sometimes part of it. 
 COMPENSATION  Nuisance Wildlife Removal pays well with a salary plus commissions or hourly rate. You will also have one of the most rewarding experiences ever by helping people to solve problems they can't handle. We help animals and other creatures with another chance at life, where possible. The news media likes to ride along with us to provide the public with a glimpse at our incredible duties. You will find that all the hard work we do is ultimately extremely satisfying -- you will want to share the stories with your loved ones and friends. 
 ABOUT US 
 Nuisance Wildlife Removal has been in business for 21 years, and over that time we have helped change our industry for the better. As we have been blessed, we have had the opportunity to grow and expand. Advancement, such as to a Supervisory position, is available for those employees who show the talent and commitment necessary. We are on the front lines every day, much like emergency medical personnel, policemen and firemen, making things happen and getting things done when they are needed for the health and safety of others. The stories and experiences that we find common and don't even bother to talk about, would astound most people. The really exciting stuff that comes along is just icing on the cake. It's a great career for the right type of person. Maybe that's you. If it is, we hope to talk with you soon to find out. Why not fill out an application and meet with us? 
 Yours for Success, 
 Jeff Norris, President 
 Nuisance Wildlife Removal Inc. 
 |  Apply Now 
 (C) 2021   | Powered by Responsive Theme 
