Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Childcare Worker level 2 or 3 
 Bright Minds Daycare 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Bright Minds Daycare is a newly opened daycare looking to hire an amazing staff member to join our staff team. We are a play based program that follows an emergent curriculum based on the needs and interests of the children. 
 We currently have a part time  daycare teacher  position available but that could move to full time in the future. Must be available between 6:30am to 6:00pm. We are looking for someone who is dedicated, energetic, dynamic, and crafty, but most of all LOVES working with children. 
 Qualifications: 
 
 MUST  have completed level 2 or 3 child care certification. 
 1+ year experience working in a teaching environment 
 Must have current First-Aid/CPR Certificate 
 Must have current criminal record check (or willing to obtain) 
 Have a strong understanding of child development and behaviour 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Be very organized 
 Have good computer skills 
 Have strong leadership & problem-solving skills and a strong ability to multi-task 
 Must look & present self in a professional manner 
 
 Job Description: 
 The following is a job description, please note that it is not restricted to this list and duties may be added as we need. Primary Role: To KEEP CHILDREN SAFE 
 
 Ensuring you are adhering to the regulations of the Child Care Licencing Act at all times 
 Creating lesson plans based on the children's interests 
 Preparation and implementation for weekly planning/curriculum 
 Greeting and assisting parents 
 Maintaining records in accordance to the Child Care Licensing Act 
 Communicating and interacting positively with parents, coworkers, the children. 
 Communicating any concerns or issues to DIRECTOR immediately 
 Support all Children with their emotional, physical and behavioral needs daily 
 Cleaning of facility throughout workday 
 Cleaning of facility at the end of shift 
 Set up and take-down of equipment/themes as required 
 
 If you are interested in a position and feel that you meet the qualifications, please send a copy of your  resume and cover letter . Only successful candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $15.25 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 childcare: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 level 2 or 3 (Required) 
 Child Care First Aid (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
