Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 Teacher Talk 
 Menu 
 
 Welcome to Teacher Talk 
 Contact 
 Blog 
 
 December 17, 2019December 17, 2019   teachertalkccc   Certificate Programs ,  Certificate Programs for Educators ,  Education ,  Salary Scale Advancement ,  Teacher Education 
 Certification: Your Next Career Move 
 Teachers and clinicians sometimes feel like no career moves are available to them. While many districts have looked for ways for teachers to progress without having to leave the classroom, one possibility might lie in an area often employed by other career paths: earning a certificate. We often encourage our students to be lifelong learners. Are we leading by example? If you decide to pursue a certificate, make sure it  plays into your passion . After all, our excitement and expertise inspire the next generation. 
 Gaining credibility, increasing your marketability, professional development, moving across the salary scale, and gaining new knowledge are just some of the  benefits  of obtaining certification listed by Sue Kaiden. Employers and administration often view a certificate as indication of personal ambition and expertise. If you are considering applying for a new job or seeking leadership roles, a certificate could increase your chances of reaching those goals. 
 Often teachers and clinicians have completed degree programs and have little interest in pursuing another piece of paper. However, those same teachers might feel like things have been a little stagnant in their classroom. Clinicians might desire to learn about the latest research without enrolling in a demanding program. In both cases, a certificate in a field where their  passion  lies might allow them to brush up on their skills and invigorate their practice. 
 Certificate programs likely  cost much less than degree programs  but could potentially help teachers and clinicians move up the income ladder. Often times, the human resources department can help inform you of how many graduate units shy you might be of the next salary step. A certificate could be the perfect step up the salary schedule. 
 Another advantage of many certificate programs is the convenience of online courses. If you can’t imagine adding one more thing to your full plate, the self-paced online course might be a viable option for you to accomplish your personal and professional goals without having to drive yourself to a campus twice a week for a semester. You might want to  consider getting a college certificate  that allows flexibility in your schedule. 
 Check out these  ten great certificates  currently offered by College Credit Connection in partnership with Vanguard University! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  career moves for teachers ,  Certificate Programs ,  certification ,  educators ,  lifelong learning ,  online education ,  online learning ,  professional development ,  teachers 
 Published by teachertalkccc 
  View all posts by teachertalkccc  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Cultivating Positive School Relationships 
 A Welcome Classroom: Supporting English Language Learners 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
