Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Companion Care Worker 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of caregivers. Spark Inc is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 COMPANION CARE WORKER 
Our clients are lovely individuals seeking care in the Ottawa region and valley. After experiences such as falls, diagnoses such as dementia, mental health issues, or wanting to stay in their home longer, they are looking for personal care support and companionship throughout their days. Our clients have a wide range of interests from cars and mechanics, to word games, to animals, to nature and gardening, to good conversation and everything in between. You would be the ideal candidate to work with us if you are passionate about helping people, are reliable, love working in a team, have professional experience providing support to seniors, and have experience with personal care. 
 HOURS 
Flexible scheduling options 
 RATE OF PAY 
Starting at $18/hr 
 Requirements 
 Cover letter outlining why you would be a great match for Spark. Tell us who you are! 
Valid First Aid and CPR Standard Level C certification 
Smartphone with a data plan 
Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Check (within the last 12 months) 
 Assets 
 Experience working in a multi-disciplinary team 
Related University or College education 
Driver's License "G" class with access to a reliable vehicle 
 Spark is looking to hire motivated, dedicated, and experienced Support Workers. In this role, you'll be supporting individuals in the community requiring direct care with personal hygiene, meal preparation, organization, and light housekeeping. Care is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Some clients need mainly in-home support. Others require support participating in community activities. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their well-being. 
 Why Choose Spark? 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark U, a nonprofit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering caregivers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed caregivers. As a caregiver with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Become a Sparkler and help our clients believe in a different story. Whatever your age, ability, orientation, ethnicity, race, culture, religion or gender identity - you are welcome. Our community is stronger and more vibrant when it is more diverse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
