Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Journeyman Industrial Instrument Tech 
 Tartan Industrial Contractors Ltd 
 __Alberta 
 Apply Now 
 Reporting to the Foreman, the Journeyman Industrial Instrumentation Tech assumes responsibility for all general industrial instrumentation duties required on industrial scope projects. They will ensure work tasks are performed safely in accordance with Occupational Health and Safety Legislation and company policies and that work is performed with a high level of quality and timeliness. 
 This position is based in the Southern Saskatchewan Region on a client site. 
 Working Conditions 
 14 days on, 7 days off rotation schedule 
 Overtime as required 
 Working both indoors and outdoors in hot and cold weather conditions 
 Working in and around noise and dust 
 Responsibilities 
 Interpret and use appropriate CSA, ISA and API installation standards and practices. 
 Performs calibrations of devices, loop checks of control systems. 
 Measures, cuts, and bends tubing in pneumatic control systems. 
 Selects, installs, calibrates, and checks sensing, telemetering, and recording instrumentation and circuitry, and develops specifications for nonstandard apparatus according to engineering data, characteristics of equipment under test, and capabilities of procurable test apparatus. 
 Sketches and builds or modifies jigs, fixtures, and instruments and related apparatus, and verifies dimensional and functional acceptability of devices fabricated by craft or technical personnel. 
 Performs preventive and corrective maintenance of test apparatus and peripheral equipment. 
 Installs or directs technical personnel in installation of unit in test chamber or other test facility. 
 Operates test apparatus during test cycle to produce, regulate, and record effects of actual or simulated conditions such as vibration, stress, temperature, humidity, pressure, altitude, and acceleration. 
 Analyzes and converts test data to usable form and prepares graphs and written reports to translate test results. 
 Plans test program. 
 Uses computerized equipment and software to perform testing functions and produce graphs. 
 Other duties as requested by the Supervisor. 
 Understand and practice company policies and procedures. 
 Actively participate in our health and safety program. 
 Qualifications 
 Certified Journeyman Industrial Instrument Tech 
 Valid government issued photo ID 
 Fall Protection 
 CSTS- 0.9 
 H2S Alive 
 Pre-site Drug and Alcohol testing 
 Good mathematical, scientific, mechanical, and logical reasoning abilities 
 Ability to take direction and follow through on instructions 
 Positive attitude to safety 
 Ability to work collaboratively with a positive attitude 
 Superior written and verbal communication skills 
 Physical Requirements 
 The ability to climb 4 stories or more 
 Stand or walk for long periods of time 
 The ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continual basis 
 The ability to work in lower level confined spaces for 3 hour periods 
 The ability to be exposed to various types of work environments 
 Use of various shop equipment and trade related hand tools 
 Use of ladders or scaffolding 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation is commensurate with experience, quality and production capabilities and is above industry average 
 Application Instructions:  All interested candidates can click “APPLY NOW” located at the bottom of the page. Only candidates being considered for an interview will be contacted directly. 
 Unsolicited resumes and phone inquiries from 3rd party agencies will not be accepted. 
 Camp Provided:   Shift Schedule:   Flights Offered:   Hours Of Work:   Sub/LOA Paid:   Overtime Agreement:   Travel Paid: 
Back Share 
Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
