Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 IELTS Examiners - ESL Teachers - Ottawa 
 English Testing Canada 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for suitably qualified and experienced individuals to join our team of IELTS Examiners. IELTS Examiners are responsible for conducting speaking tests to IELTS standards. Most speaking examining shifts are Saturday afternoons and evenings, with occasional Sunday and Thursday work available. 
 We are currently accepting applications for examiners in  Toronto  ,  Ottawa,   Montreal  ,  Sault Ste Marie  , and  Windsor  . Please indicate your city with your application. 
 Minimum Professional Requirements: 
 
 An undergraduate or Master’s degree or a qualification which can be demonstrated to be equivalent to an undergraduate or Master’s degree. 
 A recognized qualification in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages(TESOL) or recognized equivalent as part of a recognized university award course. 
 At least 3 years’ full time (or the equivalent part time) relevant TESOL teaching experience (minimum one year post-certificate level qualification). The majority of this teaching experience must relate to adult students (16 years and over). 
 The required professional attributes and interpersonal skills. 
 
 Our mission is to provide fair tests in a friendly and progressive setting. We believe everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. Tests are open to everyone and scored without bias. Many of our staff are multilingual, and our goal is to have our staff reflect the diversity of our candidates. 
 We are looking for staff who want to help us further this philosophy, and who wish to work in a collegial environment where teamwork and respect are valued. We are pleased to offer examiner training  at no cost to applicants  . 
 English Testing Canada welcomes applications from people with disabilities. If you require any accommodations to fully participate in the application process, please let us know. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $48.00 /hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
