Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 School Bus Driver 
 Southland Transportation 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 School Bus Driver - FREE Class 2 Training! 
 _  After applying online, text code V7517813 to 1-647-496-5716 to answer a few short interview questions. _ 
 Why You Should Choose SOUTHLAND 
 SOUTHLAND offers an opportunity that is always exciting and allows for routine. We offer free personalized training, competitive wages, bonuses, and flexibility within your personal life. 
 
 Part-time hours, 4-8 hours a day. Perfect for a stay-at-home parent, entrepreneur, or retiree! 
 Free Class 2 training with a hiring bonus 
 Competitive wages – $19.51 - $20.70 per hour, with the opportunity to earn more by taking on additional routes 
 Bring up to two preschool-aged children to work with you 
 Referral and Safety bonuses 
 Summers, weekends, and holidays off 
 Opportunity for advancement 
 Employee recognition programs 
 Recognition as a community hero who helps to ensure everyone gets Safely Home 
 
 Job Description 
 SOUTHLAND Transportation is seeking dedicated School Bus Drivers to join our team in Edmonton and area. For successful candidates, we are offering our comprehensive Class 2 training program. 
 Drivers are responsible for safely transporting students on a daily basis and must be committed to safety and customer service. 
 As a School Bus Driver you will work a split shift, driving approximately 2 hours in the morning and 2 hours in the afternoon, with routes available in-between for anyone looking to pick up extra hours. You will be assigned a route that falls between the hours of 6:30 am - 9:30 am in the morning and between 2:00 pm - 6:00 pm in the evening. Drivers work during the school year and are given time off in July and August. However, work is available during this time for drivers wishing to work through the summer. 
 Positions are also available for Floater Drivers. In this role, you will work a split shift of 6:00 am to 8:00 am, 10:00 am to 12:00 pm and 2:00 pm to 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday. Floaters are dispatched from their assigned yard and must be available to help cover runs all across the city. 
 Requirements 
 
 Valid Class 5 (non-GDL) driver’s license (FREE Class 2 training provided) 
 10 year drivers abstract (10 year commercial drivers abstract for licenses above a class 5) 
 Clear criminal record 
 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Location: 
 
 Edmonton, AB (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers License (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
