Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cosméticienne temps partiel 
 Pharmacie Fatema Pirbhai affiliée Pharmaprix 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 
 
 
 
 965 Boul Cure Labelle, Laval, QC 
 
 
 
 Location: 
965 Boul Cure Labelle, Laval, Quebec, H7V 2V7 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 What you 'll do 
 - Provide superior customer service, identify client needs 
- Develop and maintain an active client file to establish customer relationships 
- Inform clients on new products, promotions, events and services ; schedule appointments 
- Achieve daily sales targets 
 What you 'll need 
 - Deep knowledge of Cosmetics market 
- Demonstrated customer service skills 
- Strong communication and sales skills 
- Behaves in a professional manner; including engaging customers with tact and diplomacy 
 J2WRTL 
J2WCBB 
 Why work in a Pharmaprix store or community pharmacy? 
 Work for a local business owner while having the support of a strong retail brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Pharmaprix University (UPHX). 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Employment Type: ** 
Part time 
 Type of Role: ** 
Regular 
 Associate Owners in the Pharmaprix network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Type d'emploi : Temps Partiel 
 Salaire : 0,00$ par heure 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
