Skip to content 
 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 
 love, sydnee marie 
 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 Life 
 Dogs 
 Dating 
 Culture 
 Travel 
 Career 
 Scholarly 
 Author Bio 
 
 Search Search for: 
 Career ,  Dating ,  Life 
 I Have Job Envy On Dating Apps & Here's Why That's Not OK 
 I’m a writer by profession, which, as far as job titles go, is fairly vague. If I had to be more specific, I would say I’m a dating, sex, and relationships writer — except that’s exactly the kind of thing that’ll get you left-swiped on a dating app. The truth is, I often wonder  how job titles on Tinder affect swiping habits . I’m not comfortable with either of these job titles being displayed on my dating app profile because I have job envy when I swipe. 
 Don’t get me wrong. I love my job way more than most people would ever care to admit but usually, the only thing people have to go on is a dated  Sex and the City  reference to the fictional Carrie Bradshaw. Sure, I’m a fan of the TV series and the movies but Carrie’s over-the-top affinity for all things glamour and high-fashion aren’t exactly realistic depictions of what my life is like. 
 
 [ 
 View this post on Instagram 
 ](https://www.instagram.com/p/BhhKzcshUgE/?utm_source=ig_embed&utm_campaign=loading) 
 your intuition led you here coffee by @thendbrooklyn nails by @chillhouse 
 A post shared by   Sydnee ✎  (@lovesydneemarie) on Apr 13, 2018 at 10:01am PDT 
 
 Nevertheless, according to Tinder, adding your job to your profile is a quick and easy way to let potential matches know a little more about you — interests, skills, personality type, and anything else you might be able to discern from this detail. Certain jobs might even increase your chances of getting a match. For example, Tinder revealed that the five most right-swiped jobs for men are pilot, founder or entrepreneur, firefighter, doctor, and radio or TV personality. For women, they are physical therapist, interior designer, founder or entrepreneur, public relations or communications, and teacher. Presumably, writing would fall under PR or communications so I’m not at a total disadvantage but I still have my reservations. 
 I always pay attention to someone’s listed job and education history and yes, it affects my swiping. I admire someone who’s start-up is college tutoring or who’s just graduated from law school — two actual job titles of people I’ve recently matched with. True or not, both titles give me a sense of their character, ambitions, and interests, which allow me to roughly assess whether or not we would be compatible. 
 So, what do potential matches think of my job? That it’s abstract? Undefined? Frivolous? I’m not sure. To be fair, no one has ever implied this so my insecurities are largely my own but they do ask questions. If anything, the vagueness of my job title is a great conversation starter — an opening, an in that they readily use to their advantage. I don’t mind because, truthfully, no one knows how to strike up a casual conversation on dating apps and no, it’s not, “Let’s tell people we met at the grocery store, instead.” 
 No matter how much more admirable I think my matches’ jobs are than my own, they always seem more interested in talking about mine. That’s not a humble brag — just an observation and a reassurance that job envy on dating apps is totally unnecessary but probably a lot more common than we’d like to admit. It’s easy to question your passion or talent for something when you’ve convinced yourself that everyone else around you is off doing bigger and better things. It’s the same reason why some people claim Facebook makes them feel badly about themselves. 
 The next time someone’s wildly impressive job title on Tinder makes you think twice about swiping right, remember that you’re probably not the only one doubting their worth based on silly, online comparisons with total strangers. Only  you  know what you bring to the table (or bar if you prefer drinks dates). Own it and swipe with confidence! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Sydnee April 16, 2018April 16, 2018 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Samantha As Spectral Feminine: Mind, Body & Gender in Spike Jonze’s 'Her' 
 Next Next post: I Attended A Music Festival On A Whim & I Wanted To Hate It So Badly 
 Sidebar 
 Welcome back! 
 love, sydnee marie  is a collection of published clips, personal pieces, and the occasional academic journal entry. For more, follow along on Twitter and Instagram @lovesydneemarie. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Traveling With A Dog: How I Flew My Dog From The U.S.A. To The Caribbean 
 Let's Talk About Jennifer Lopez's "Monster-In-Law" Fashion 
 Gina Linetti's Resignation From The Nine-Nine Was Inspirational AF 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
