TheBoronHeist  Anime and Film Reviews 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 
 
  02/03/2019    
 
 in  Anime ,  Film 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Mamoru Oshii: Career Beginnings 
 As far as Japanese directors go, Mamoru Oshii is probably the most acclaimed and revered alive. He has won awards from film academies in his home country to France, Great Britain, Spain, and Italy. Oshii has been nominated for the Golden Bear and the Palme d'Or for his animated films: two awards more prestigious than even the American Oscar and more important when deciding if a film is a masterwork that holds a place of importance in cinema history. Oshii has helped to mentor and influence some of the greatest modern Japanese directors including Kenji Kamiyama and the now-deceased Satoshi Kon. 
 He is a filmmaker of both philosophical anime, and of science fiction and surreal live-action films who finds his influence in the domain of the greatest of all directors to ever grace the medium: Tarkovsky, Bergman, Fellini, Melville. And he recognizes the importance of Science Fiction films like  This Spaceship Earth,   2001: A Space Odyssey,  and  Blade Runner  as at least fundamental to the grammar of the medium as  Birth of a Nation  and  Citizen Kane.  If all this were not enough, his career has given us the first OVA in  Dallos,  the greatest anime head-trip in _Angel 's Egg, _an enduring cross-media science fiction work in the  Kerberos Saga,  and arguably the greatest animated film ever made in _Blade Runner 's _only true spiritual successor:  Ghost in the Shell. 
 Over the next four months or so, I will reviewing and analyzing the career of Oshii on this blog, and I had planned to begin with an essay on his first feature-length film  Urusei Yatsura: Only You.  However, Oshii's career began long before this film's release in 1983 and that narrative is an integral part in understanding how he developed into the filmmaker we know, love, and admire today. 
 Unlike another father of modern Japanese animation, Isao Takahata (who studied French Literature at University, could not animate to dying day, and only lucked into a directing job with Toei that spring-boarded him to an illustrious career of his own), Mamoru Oshii was always a cinephile with an interest in directing films one day. As a youth, his father exposed him to tons of films by European arthouse directors. At Tokyo Gakugei University, Oshii continued to explore his interests in filmmaking and consumed at much as possible. He must of trained as an artist there as after graduating in 1976, he managed to gain a job as an animator for Tatsunoko Productions, which was just over a decade old at the time and had previously scored a big hit with its animated TV series  Speed Racer. 
 While at Tatsunoko, Oshii worked primarily as a storyboard artist and episode director, while occasionally penning an episode as a writer for many of the Studio's productions. From 1977 until his departure from the studio in 1980, Oshii worked in some capacity on the following shows:  Ippatsu Kanta-kun, Yatterman, Gachaman, Majokko Tickle, and Zenderman.  However, the money must have been good or Oshii must have enjoyed working there as he returned on three subsequent occasions between 1980 and 1987 to work on the series  Dashu Kappei, Gyakuten! Ippatsuman,  and  Zillion.  One can consider this time spent with Tatsunoko as a period of development for Oshii as he learned the ins and outs of the production process of anime from many different vantage points and built up a highlight reel or resume for himself that he could later refer to in order to promote himself as a director deserving of the helm of series director or head director on a film. 
 At Tatsunoko, the head director of the studio's most popular productions like  Speed Racer  and  Gatchaman  was Hisayuki Toriumi. Toriumi took Oshii under his wing while at Tatsunoko and when the former made the move to Studio Pierrot in 1980, so too did his protege Mamoru Oshii. There, they worked together on the World Masterpiece Theatre-like  Wonderful Adventures of Nils  anime for which Oshii storyboarded 11 episodes and directed 18 out of series total of 52 episodes. And later, Toriumi helped Oshii write the script of his OVA series  Dallos.  During their time together at Pierrot, it seems that Oshii began to come into his own as a director and after  Dallos  in 1983, the two never worked together again despite Toriumi continuing on as a director of animation until 2001. Toriumi's career past this split include classic OVAs and Films like  Area 88, Lily C.A.T., Like the Clouds Like the Wind, Baoh,  and  Sohyryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings. 
 For a time, Oshii's work at Pierrot remained relegated to occasional jobs as a storyboard artist and episode director. From 1980-84, he worked on the following shows for Pierrot:  Rescueman, Yattodetaman, Belle and Sebastien, Golden Warrior Gold Lightan, Miss Machiko,  and  Mrs. Pepper Pot.  Most important, however, was Oshii's work on the exceedingly popular Urusei Yatsura from 1981-84. On this TV anime adaptation of a classic Rumiko Takahashi manga, Oshii created storyboards for 21 episodes, directed 24 episodes personally, and served as the series head director for the first 106 episodes of its run (more than half of its final total run). The anime was so popular that it later spawned 12 independent OVA episodes and 6 feature-length films. On the first two films, Oshii was given the opportunity to direct. It is through  Urusei Yatsura  that Oshii began to helm big productions as a director, and particularly through the series' second film  Urusei Yatsura: Beautiful Dreamer  that he began to be known as a director interested primarily in the Surreal, the Philosophical, and in how these modes of operation relate to Science Fiction and Fantasy. 
 From this point forward, Oshii's work would continue on through production houses like Studio Deen, Headgear, and Production I.G.. He would begin work on his  Kerberos Saga  through live action films, animated films, and manga, eventually settling on the former (live-action filmmaking) as his favorite way to create narratives. But in every new venture throughout his life, Oshii has given his all to make the production artful, thoughtful, and ultimately, consumable media made to satisfy more than the Society of the Spectacle, but transformative media crafted to satisfy the intellect. This is just the first chapter in my investigation into the career of Mamoru Oshii. I hope you'll tag along with me. 
 Ciao, 
 Cody Ward 
 [Next up:  Urusei Yatsura: Only You ] 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tags:  animation ,  anime ,  cinema ,  film ,  Ghost in the Shell ,  japan ,  Mamoru Oshii ,  movies ,  reviews ,  Studio Pierrot ,  Tatsunoko Productions ,  Urusei Yatsura 
 « Previous post 
 Next post » 
 Feel free to comment  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow The Boron Heist! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5,325 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 theboronheist 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Anime Update: August 2019 
 Anime Update: July 2019 
 Anime Update: June 2019 
 Anime Update: May 2019 
 Anime Update: April 2019 
 Anime Update: March 2019 
 The Man Who Planted Trees (L'Homme qui Plantait des Arbres) 
 O Brother, Who Art Thou? (Digimon Frontier: Episode 30) 
 Phantasmagoric Sakkakumon (Digimon Frontier: episode 29) 
 Darkness Before the Dawn (Digimon Frontier: Episode 28) 
 Stuck in Sakkakumon With You (Digimon Frontier: Episode 27) 
 Zoe's Unbeelievable Adventure (Digimon Frontier Episode 26) 
 Dallos: The Battle of Monopolis 
 Crac! 
 The Dark Heart of Friendship (Digimon Frontier: Episode 25) 
 Alone, But Never Alone (Digimon Frontier: Episode 24) 
 Sockit Takuya (Digimon Frontier: Episode 23) 
 Home Again, Takuya Returns (Digimon Frontier: Episode 22) 
 Darkest Before Duskmon (Digimon Frontier: Episode 21) 
 I want to eat your pancreas 
 Urusei Yatsura: Only You 
 Tout Rien 
 From Dawn to Duskmon (Digimon Frontier: Episode 20) 
 You Want Fries with That? (Digimon Frontier: Episode 19) 
 Trailmon vs. Trailmon (Digimon Frontier: Episode 18) 
 Bizarre Bazaar (Digimon Frontier: Episode 17) 
 The Swiss Family Digimon (Digimon Frontier: Episode 16) 
 Mamoru Oshii: Career Beginnings 
 A Silent Voice: Timeless Adolescence 
 Taratata 
 
 Categories 
 
 Anime 
 Film 
 Literature 
 Music 
 Philosophy 
 Posts 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 December 2012 
 
 Search for: 
 Translate 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow TheBoronHeist on WordPress.com 
 TheBoronHeist 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 An Inside Story 
 Life is a game, play it; Life is a challenge, Meet it; Life is an opportunity, Capture it. 
 Books&Sstuff 
 because you read... 
 Think Bonus 
 Eli Ritter 
 360 Videos 
 Chaotic Shapes 
 Art and Lifestyle by Brandon Knoll 
 Gabrielle Dixon 
 Brayden Shields 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
