Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Trading (Growth & Strategy) 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As Sr. Manager, Trading (Growth & Strategy), Joe Fresh, you will be accountable for defining and executing the areas for growth of the Joe Fresh eCommerce business. They will be responsible for growth strategies, go-to-market plans, managing, owning, and driving major projects, and finding new opportunities via analytics and case studies. This position will report to the Senior Director, GM, Joe Fresh eCommerce. 
What you’ll do 
Drive and help build the growth initiatives for the ecommerce business 
Drive and manage the building of a best-in-class omni-channel experience 
Build and execute strategies that focus on driving a best-in-class customer experience 
Manage all major projects from kick-off to launch working with multiple business functions 
Build case studies to support future projects 
Lead/plan onsite experimentation to gain better knowledge of our customers 
Work with product mangers to maintain the product roadmap. Making sure we are focusing on projects that support our growth initiatives. 
Create reports on site usage with the goal of showcasing opportunities for growth 
Support merchandising with site and customer metrics 
Work closely with marketing on growth tactics 
Does this sound like you? 
Completion of a Bachelors degree (BA, BCom) or similar is required 
At least 5 years of experience in an ecommerce or digital role is required 
At least 5 years of experience in leading and building a team is required 
Strategic thinking with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills 
Outstanding project management, time management and organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and manage varying workloads 
Strong communication skills with demonstrable and proven results with key decision makers 
An energetic team player with the ability build lasting relationships with internal and external stakeholders 
Naturally curious and passionate about digging into consumer insights, data and mining for opportunities 
Strong negotiation skills and is not afraid to challenge the status quo 
Experience in apparel is considered an asset 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
