  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Project management jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Procurement and Inventory Management 
 Published on the January 11, 2021 in Finance & Management 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 finance-management / project-management-1 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Expected to answer any 2 of following 5 questions* 
 Questions 
 
 Procurement Process 
Part A-20 marks 
Develop a structure for the sourcing process that CCC could implement to support a new company wide procurement strategy. Identify which processes are especially relevant for the diversity of the 3 main product groups; 
•    Concrete. 
 
 •    Steel. 
•    Glass. 
Part B-20 marks 
Discuss how the structure and strategy described above will support such important issues as; supplier selection, volume forecasting, transportation, etc. 
Discuss and give examples of which element of the proposed procurement sourcing process initiative would be most relevant for each product group. 
2.    Supplier Relationship 
As each “project” requires a wide range of local services to complete the work, to the satisfaction of the customers, they will no doubt face many different problems with supplier’s products due to the issues from the case study. Discuss what these problems may be and identify how CCC may be able engage and work with global suppliers to leverage volume purchasing and control distribution to reduce the overall spend on each product group identified in Question 1.  Discuss how the relationship between local and global suppliers and CCC will change under this scenario (i.e. 
CCC working with global suppliers) – 30 marks 
You should Illustrate best practices e.g. From construction companies you find in your research- 10 marks 
 3. Inventory Management Techniques and Improvements 
 Appraise the merits, validity and risks associated with the following techniques with respect to the challenges facing CCC in managing the flow to construction sites (point of usage) of the three product types; Concrete, Steel and Glass identified in Question 1. 
•    ABC Analysis-8 marks 
•    Supply scheduling-8 marks 
•    Dependent demand-8 marks 
•    Bulk orders 8 marks 
•    Vendor Managed Inventory 8 marks 
 
 Ethical Practices 
40 Marks 
Consider the ethical and environmental issues, specifically relating to procurement, that may affect a business like CCC with special consideration for the production, handling, transportation and disposal of the three product types; Concrete, Steel and Glass identified in Question 1. Consider any issues with the distribution and storage of these product types that affect this type of industry. 
You should support your response with relevant examples from construction or other industries or your own experiences. 
 
 5. Contract Considerations 
Part A-25 marks 
While the new sourcing and procurement processes are been developed, CCC must also in parallel consider the impact on any existing contracts in place with suppliers who may be able to provide a more global service. They need to develop/modify existing or create suitable contracts that will support the new procurement strategy. 
Part B-15 marks 
Discuss how CCC may do this. You need to explain the potential impact this will have on current projects with a focus on the management and lifecycle of the new and existing contracts. 
 Category  Finance & Management 
Subcategory  Project management 
Project size  Medium-sized project and team 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Project Management   Academic Writing   Report Writing   Business Analysis   Inventory Management 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  E. O.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: January 2021 
 Project activity 
 2 
 Bids 
 3 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
