Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations and Logistics Intern 
 Amazon FC Slovakia s. r. o 
 __Saskatchewan 
 Apply Now 
 We want to hire the world’s brightest minds, and offer them an environment in which they can relentlessly improve the experience for our customers. We are looking for forward-thinkers who take a continuously proactive approach and create a culture of creativity within the workplace. 
 
 You are currently working towards a 2+ years university degree in logistics, supply chain, production, engineering or a related field. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (and local language if applying to a country outside the UK). 
 You have the right to work in the country you are applying for. 
 You are willing to work to flexible schedules / shifts hours 
 You are results-driven with analytical skills and the desire to innovate and simplify current process and practices. 
 You should have strong decision making skills, and use sound logic to communicate. 
 Evidence of leadership skills – perhaps you are president of a sporting or social club at university or took the lead in charity work or a group project 
 The personal drive and enthusiasm that makes you stand out from the crowd! 
 
 Operations Internship 
 Duration:  Minimum 12 weeks 
 About us: 
Amazon is a company of builders. A philosophy of ownership carries through everything we do — from the proprietary technologies we create to the new businesses we launch and grow. You’ll find it in every team across our company; from providing Earth’s biggest selection of products to developing ground-breaking software and devices that change entire industries, Amazon embraces invention and progressive thinking. Amazon is continually evolving; it’s a place where motivated employees thrive, and ownership and accountability lead to meaningful results. It’s as simple as this: we pioneer. 
 With every order made and parcel delivered, customer demand at Amazon is growing. And to meet this demand, and keep our world-class service running smoothly, we're growing our Operations team across Europe. Delivering hundreds of thousands of products to hundreds of countries worldwide, our Operations teams possess a wide range of skills and experience. Our network of Fulfilment Centres is supported by managers whose teams own the receipt and stowing of inventory, picking, packing and shipping, to ensure that our customers receive what they want, when they want it. 
 About these internships: 
Whatever your background, if you’re motivated by results and driven enough to achieve them, Amazon is a great place to be. Because it’s only by coming up with new ideas and challenging the status quo that we can continue to be the most customer-centric company on Earth, we’re all about flexibility: we expect you to adapt to changes quickly and we encourage you to try new things. 
 Amazon is looking for ambitious and enthusiastic students to join the unique world of Logistics in European Operations as interns. An Amazon EU internship will provide you with an unforgettable experience in a fast-paced, dynamic and international environment; it will boost your resume and will provide a superb introduction to our Operations activities. 
 These internships are project-based educational opportunities intended to allow future managers to discover how we lead and develop our teams of associates. Interns will learn how our managers effectively engage their teams to realize their full potential, ensure their performance in order to fulfill our customers’ expectations, encourage a safe and productive environment, and more within our large and complex fulfillment centers. 
 As an intern you might join one of the following teams:  inbound (managing truck reception and unloading, registering products in our systems, stowing products and the management of inventory space), outbound (after a customer orders an item, the picking, rebin, packing, and shipping), ACES (Amazon Customer Excellence Services – benchmarking, sharing best practices and working on continuous improvement projects for various sites) and ICQA (inventory control and quality assurance). 
 You will put your analytical skills to test and roll up your sleeves to complete a project that will contribute to improve the functionality and level of service that the Fulfilment Centers provides to our customers. 
 This will include: 
 
 Diving deep into data, mapping processes and problems, 
 Offering and testing potential solutions and implementing the best one(s), 
 Interacting with highly efficient managers, technology development teams, and front line associates to think broadly about solutions to the most complex business and operational challenges faced by one of the world’s fastest growing operations network. 
 Ability to work successfully in an ambiguous environment, to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workload even when faced with conflicting priorities. 
 Previous work experience – a summer job, internship or full-time role; if it’s in an operations or customer-facing environment, even better 
 
 Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decision based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. We welcome applications from all members of society irrespective of age, sex, disability, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. 
 By submitting your resume and application information, you authorize Amazon to transmit and store your information in the Amazon group of companies' world-wide recruitment database, and to circulate that information as necessary for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for this or other job vacancies. 
 #EUInternHiring 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
