
 John White's Creative Blog 
 Comics, Writing, Illustration, Art & Geekery 
 
 Creativity 
 
 comics 
 Illustration 
 design 
 
 
 Living & Working 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Tagged: career 
 April 18, 2017 
  Don't Follow Your Passion! (Pt.II)  
 **Well, I finished  Cal Newport 's  book ** ' So Good They Can't Ignore You: How Skills Trump Passion in the Search for Work You Love'   «I wrote about previously . 
 My verdict? 
 Possibly a  life-changing  book. The upshot is that if you want to do work (paid work) that you love, and this is of special interest to those who will be in salaried employment: you need to be very good at what you'll be doing in that work. 
 Cal says that the biggest thing that people seem to want in their jobs is a good degree of  autonomy and control . They may think that they want more money, but studies have shown that really, it's autonomy and control. This seems pretty reasonable to me. We like to be in control of our own lives, right? But if you want that, you need to be able to give the employer or show the employer something in return that merits that. Basically, if you are damned good at what you do—I mean really good—and have lots of experience, then the employer is more likely to grant you more autonomy and control. 
 Continue reading -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  John I. White   1 Comment  Posted in  Creativity ,  Living & Working  Tagged with  Books ,  Cal Newport ,  career ,  Creative fulfilment ,  learning ,  self-development ,  self-knowledge ,  work  March 30, 2017 
  Don't follow your passion. Be great at what you do instead (Pt.I)  
 **I 'm 55 pages into a book that I finally got around to reading:  Cal Newport's  book, ** 'So Good They Can’t Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love' 
 My God… it's good. When I'm finished I'll write a bit more about it. So far it's  going against  the majority of self-help career advice that's put out there (and which I've fallen for, myself). Advice which was somewhat reinforced for many people worldwide by a famous speech that  Steve Jobs  once gave. It's also inline with the old adage  ' Do what you love, and the Money will Follow' ; and  ' Do What you love and you'll never work a day in your life.'  The usual advice basically distills down into: 
 ' Follow Your Passion.' 
 There,  simple . 
 Simple? Not really. If you want a great job—that you love, the chances are: you'll have to be damned good at it. That you'll need the  great skills  that are required to get you that  great job . 
 Continue reading -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  John I. White   4 Comments  Posted in  Creativity ,  Living & Working  Tagged with  Books ,  Cal Newport ,  career ,  Creative fulfilment ,  creativity ,  learning ,  self-development ,  self-knowledge ,  work 
 John White's Webcomics! 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Martin Coletti G40 Guitar 
 Delete Facebook 
 The Crown Princes of Europe & Jack White 
 Looking back at Early Avenues for Creativity 
 Don't Follow Your Passion! (Pt.II) 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 John I. White  on  B*W: Architectural Design… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Candace White  on  Style for the Dark Side—or the… 
 
 
 
 Candace White  on  B*W: Architectural Design… 
 
 
 
 (Looking back?) draf…  on  Don't follow your passio… 
 
 
 
 [Pg.2: Monday[s] 
 Jo…](https://johniwhite.wordpress.com/2013/11/22/comic-pg-2-mondays/) on  Pg.3: "Noooooooooo!… 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 categories 
 categories Select Category Creativity  (43)    comics  (29)    design  (3)    Illustration  (30)    Painting  (1) Living & Working  (16) Miscellaneous  (11) 
 Tags 
 1970s   Alien: age 11   animation   art   art college   art galleries   artist   B-Movies   being an artist   Between Wars   birthday cards   blue pencil   Books   bristol board   brush pen   Cal Newport   career   career change   case study   character design   childhood   colour   colouring   comic   comic shops   Creative fulfilment   creativity   design   drawing   drawing pen   education   flatting   formats   Francis Bacon   graphic novel   graphite   Illustration   IMG comic   ink   internet   Irish Comic News   kids   learning   life-painting   Lucien Freud   malcolm gladwell   Manga Studio   model-sheet   my process   owl   panels   paper   pencil   Photoshop   process   procrastination   Read IMG comic   self-development   self-doubt   self-knowledge   seventies   sketchbook   sketches   social media   Star Wars   story-telling   toning   valuing your work   video   web-design   webcomics   work   working method   world war 1   wwi 
 Blogroll 
 
 Episode Nothing 
 INFP Blog 
 James Greig 
 Steve Pavlina 
 Writer, Dean Mayes, in Oz 
 
 My Other Sites 
 
 Alien age 11 
 Between * Wars 
 John White Illustrator 
 Star Wars: age 9 
 
 Contact Me 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Social 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
