  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Real Job Ads 
 - Joyce 
(Abilene, TX USA) 
 When my husband retires early next year we want to RV full time and work some time. How do we find out which want ads are for real? Some sound great, but we don't want to travel to the area only to find out it was a mistake. 
 Comments for Real Job Ads 
 Click here to add your own comments 
 
 |  |   Ads Are A Starting Point 
 
 Hi Joyce, 
 First off, you are wise to be skeptical of traveling to an area just for a job. Quite honestly, there is no way to know, based on a Help Wanted ad, if a position is right for you or not. 
 I believe the vast majority of the ads are real. But, people have different perspectives and interpret things differently from one another. There's no way that the 40 or so words in a typical ad tell you what the employer is looking for, explain the duties and responsibilities of the job, let you know about the pay and benefits, describe the business or employer, and tell you about the culture and working conditions. 
 Ads are only a starting point. 
 If you only consider job listings in areas where you'd like to spend time, then traveling there probably isn't a mistake – regardless of whether or not a particular job works out for you. 
 ---|--- 
 
 |  |   Re: Real Job Ads 
 
 Confirm! Confirm! Confirm! That is the best advice to newbies to the RV working world. Talk with the person you will work with, ask questions, make a cheat sheet to have at the phone with you, writing down the needed information. Confirm start and end dates, working hours, job conditions, pay, etc. And then, when you are on your way, call again to confirm. We had an experience where we had a contract in place, and the minute we drove into the resort, the owner ran up to the RV and said "everything has changed!". What a surprise for us. Luckily, most of the changes were to our benefit, but it may not have been the case. So, trust your instincts and ask others for advice until you are comfortable mapping out your own RV lifestyle. 
---|--- 
 
 Click here to add your own comments 
  - 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Galveston Island RV Resort Galveston, Texas  
 
 
 Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM 
 TX: Work Near the Beach - Pay TX: Galveston Island RV Resort, Galveston, Texas. TX Gulf Coast Beach across the street. Family owned and operated park 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM]: 2021-01-23T20:09:48-0500 
