
 
 Blog 
 Calendar of Events 
 Question of the Month 
 Video Spotlight 
 
     
 
 About Us 
 What's New 
 Locations 
 Resources 
 
 Find A Firm  |  Find A Lawyer 
 Blog 
 View All Blog Posts 
 Tweets  
 
 Jan 22 
 President Biden Directs OSHA to Step Up COVID-19 Safety Measures by February 4  https://t.co/jHDEJmMZYP 
 
 
 Jan 21 
 New  @shrm  Court Report: Certain Specialists Are Administratively Exempt  https://t.co/JikyMA8Wkz 
 
 
 Jan 21 
 More Guidance from the CDC on Workplace Vaccination Programs  https://t.co/WVEJ8KcU8E 
 
 Female Employee Marries Coworker, Gets Fired; Husband Keeps Job, Gets Raise 
 By Chad M. Horton - Shawe Rosenthal LLP 
 October 2, 2019 
 The story in  Collins v. Koch Foods, Inc . begins with an office romance. A female HR manager began privately dating the plant manager in 2014. Because neither was a subordinate of the other, their relationship did not violate the original iteration of the company's anti-fraternization policy. In 2016, the HR manager's supervisor resigned for - wait for it - having an office romance with a subordinate! The female HR manager applied for the vacated position, at which time the HR manager and plant manager admitted to their relationship. The HR manager was ultimately passed over for the promotion (not by her boyfriend plant manager)  and  transferred to a different facility so that she and her paramour would not be working together. 
 While the lovebirds were working at separate facilities, the company revised its anti-fraternization policy. In part, the revised policy prohibited HR staff from having relationships with anyone at the same facility, regardless of whether the HR representative had supervisory authority over the other employee. During this time, the HR manager applied for another promotion, but was not interviewed or considered for the promotion because of the relationship. 
 In July 2017, the plant manager received a promotion and began overseeing two plants. As luck would have it, one of the plants for which he was responsible was the same plant his now-fiancee worked. Two weeks after the promotion, the plant manager and the HR manager were married. 
 To "congratulate" the newlyweds on their nuptials, the company … fired the female HR manager 10 days after the wedding for violating the revised anti-fraternization policy! (And you thought that melon-baller and pizza stone you received were unwanted wedding gifts!!!) But the story gets more interesting: the company not only did not terminate the male plant manager for violating the same policy, it gave him a raise! 
 Unsurprisingly, the terminated HR manager sued her former employer for sex discrimination, among other claims, relating to its failure to promote her and her subsequent termination. Perhaps equally unsurprisingly, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama denied the company's motion for summary judgment (i.e. request to throw out the claims) on the female employee's sex discrimination claims. The court found sufficient evidence to support a reasonable inference that sex was a motivating factor in the company's decision not to promote the HR manager. Specifically, the court found factual disputes regarding whether the company treated similarly situated employees outside her protected class more favorably, and whether the HR manager was qualified for the second promotion. In addition, the court found that the termination could have been motivated at least in part by her gender given the different treatment of her husband who violated the same policy, and a former male supervisor who was permitted to resign following violation of the anti-fraternization policy. 
 As always, employers should evenhandedly apply policies to both men and woman - and, please, if you're going to give someone a wedding gift, stick to the registry! 
 
 Accommodations 
 ADA 
 Applications 
 Arbitration Agreements 
 Benefits 
 COBRA 
 Commissioned Employees 
 Contracts 
 Contractors 
 CORI 
 DACA 
 Disability 
 Discrimination 
 EEOC 
 Employment Documentation 
 ERISA 
 Equal Pay 
 Executive Orders 
 FLSA 
 FMLA 
 H-1B 
 Harassment 
 Health Care 
 Health Reimbursement Arrangements 
 I-9 
 Immigration 
 Marijuana 
 Minimum Wage 
 NLRA 
 NLRB 
 Noncompete 
 OSHA 
 Overtime 
 Paid Family Leave 
 Persuader Rule 
 Policies 
 Pregnant Workers 
 Rest Requirements 
 Retirement Plans 
 Salaries 
 Sick Leave 
 Supreme Court 
 Termination 
 Title VII 
 Unions 
 Updates 
 Visas 
 Weingarten Rights 
 Worker's Compensation 
 Workplace Accommodations 
 Workplace Conduct 
 Workplace Trends 
 
 Tweets  
 
 Jan 22 
 President Biden Directs OSHA to Step Up COVID-19 Safety Measures by February 4  https://t.co/jHDEJmMZYP 
 
 
 Jan 21 
 New  @shrm  Court Report: Certain Specialists Are Administratively Exempt  https://t.co/JikyMA8Wkz 
 
 
 Jan 21 
 More Guidance from the CDC on Workplace Vaccination Programs  https://t.co/WVEJ8KcU8E 
 
 
 Find a Firm | Find a Lawyer 
 About Us 
 What's New 
 Locations 
 Resources 
 Blog 
 Coronavirus in the Workplace 
 Calendar of Events 
 Question of the Month 
 Video Spotlight 
 
     
 
 Contact Us 
 Disclaimer 
 Site Map 
 
 Designed by Herrmann Advertising | Branding | Technology 
 LabnetSM, Inc. is now doing business as Worklaw® Network. Worklaw Network was formed as LABNET, Inc. in 1989. Membership is by invitation only. Worklaw® is a registered trademark of Labnet, Inc. (registration number 3,359,573). 
