Skip to content 
 
 larryricker 
 Download Project Organizer today. 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Job Hunt 
 After I was laid off from my project management position, in 2012, I began developing the  Project Organizer  App. After I had the initial app working, my current project became “getting a job”. I used the  Project Organizer  app to keep track of my job submissions, predominantly to test the app. 
 As I had more and more submissions, I began to realize that the search capabilities were really important. Most of the recruiters that were contacting me at the time had “confidential” positions. I didn’t want to work for a company named “confidential”, so I used to filter these out. I submitted on some of them, but they were generally a waste of time. 
 Over time I noticed that some of the “confidential” company postings looked similar with some words changed. There were definitely patterns, but not exact matches. I was told by one recruiter that it was my responsibility to verify each job submission. If I was submitted on one opportunity, with two different recruiters, I would automatically be disqualified for the position, and my resume would be thrown out. The  Project Organizer  application handled this process nicely, through this job search. https://z2ja.app.link/download 
 After a year and a half, my next contract position ended because a company enforced restriction that contractors could only work for 18 consecutive months, to prevent the appearance that they were actually employees and not contractors from a tax liability perspective. As I started this second job search in 2 years, I decided to create the  Job Hunt  application to meet the needs of managing this application submission process. 
 I developed and tested it in an actual job search. After a few months, I took a short term 5 weeks project implementing a custom system. At the end of this programming contract, I was picked up by another contracting company for a longer term contracting position as a developer. This completed my foray into project management and my return to professional software development. 
 https://z2ja.app.link/download 
 The  Job Hunt  App will help you with your job search. As you submit on a new position, create an opportunity in the  Job Hunt  app. When a recruiter sends you an email, create an opportunity in  Job Hunt . Click 'Reply' in your email app and select 'Select All' and then 'Copy'. Press the home key twice and switch back to the  Job Hunt  App and touch 'Opportunity Notes' and then 'Description' and 'Paste' the email in the big yellow box. Touch 'Done' to save the email. Now it is searchable by any keyword in the email. 
 Then reply to the email with your resume attached, or better yet call the recruiter on the phone. Interacting through the Linked In App is nice because it tracks conversations and provides background information and contact information for the recruiter. As your engagement on the opportunity progresses, cut and paste everything into the  Job Hunt  App. Record every name, every phone number, every email address, and every title. Copy and Paste the signature lines of emails from the recruiters, interviewers, and other contacts to facilitate following up on the career opportunity. 
 When the recruiter asks you your rate, record it in the  Job Hunt  App. When you negotiate terms take notes. This is a negotiation. You have to remember your past conversations. Recruiters talk to many candidates and you are talking to many recruiters. They mix up candidates, be ready for this and make sure you get what you want. Many times the terms are fluid and negotiable and can change as the process continues. If you remember your terms and past concessions you will be in a better place to negotiate well. Taking notes is important. Be prepared. Download  Job Hunt  or  Job Hunt Pro  today. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author: larryricker 
 Project Organizer and Project Organizer Pro schedule reminders, take notes, record minutes of your meetings, track status, record decisions, identify team members and partners and have the answers. Download a copy today on iPhone and iPad from the Apple App Store.   View all posts by larryricker  
 Author   larryricker Posted on  November 29, 2017December 7, 2017 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Where Did All My Apps Go? The 
 Next Next post: Help For Confusion 
 Recent Posts 
 
 How to clear your inbox of recruiter emails  June 4, 2019 
 Contact LarryRicker.com  February 16, 2019 
 UTF-8  June 2, 2018 
 Help For Confusion  December 18, 2017 
 Job Hunt  November 29, 2017 
 
 Apps Available 
 Search for: Search 
 Apps Available 
 Project Organizer 
 Class Organizer 
 Opportunity Organizer 
 Job Hunt 
 Student Organizer Pro 
 Project Organizer Pro 
 Class Organizer Pro 
 Opportunity Organizer Pro 
 Job Hunt Pro 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 larryricker   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
