Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FT Housing Systems Navigator - Mental Health Justice Supportive Housing 
 St. Leonard's Community Services London & Region 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 SLCS is currently seeking a full-time Housing Systems Navigator for the newly established Mental Health Justice Supportive Housing Program. The new MHJ Supportive Housing Program focuses on providing supportive housing living arrangements guided by housing first philosophy and access to mental health and justice support services to adults with mental disorders or illnesses who are justice involved. As a member of this team, you will provide assessment, case management, crisis intervention, and housing stability support services to individuals through a restorative lens. 
 As a Housing Systems Navigator, you will develop, build and maintain relationships with landlords while identifying housing leads for our clients. You will also be responsible for supporting move-ins and maintenance support as well as other housing-related duties. This role is also responsible for navigating and advocating within different support systems including Ontario Works and Ontario Disability Support Program. 
 You will work in conjunction with the Housing Stability Workers to prepare case presentations for individual clients as well as to the broader community team. This role also involves input and analyzing program data to identify problems and implement solutions to improve programming and services for clients. You will work with individuals from diverse populations and contribute to the creation and ongoing development of the program, its outcomes and goals for this exciting new program. 
 As a member of the MHJ Supportive Housing Program, you will also be responsible for the safety and security of clients, co-workers and the community. You will work collaboratively with other team members and community partners to complete administrative functions for the program. 
 This position is based mainly in the community and will require regular travel within London and area. This position would be in a daytime rotation, Monday - Friday with the occasional weekend shift. 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 University Degree or 2 - 3 year College Diploma from an accredited institution 
 Minimum 2 years’ experience working with individuals affected by mental illness, addiction, co-occurring disorders, and justice system involvement 
 Minimum 2 years’ experience working with, and providing empathic, trauma-informed, recovery oriented responses to diverse populations, including individuals from indigenous communities, immigrants, and adults 
 Knowledge of local and provincial systems and available resources for clients 
 First Aid /CPR with AED - Level C 
 Nonviolent Crisis Intervention Certification (Preferred) 
 Valid G Class Driver’s License and access to reliable vehicle 
 Candidates who are proficient in both official languages of Canada will be considered an asset 
 
 In accordance with SLCS’ policy on Police Background Checks, this position requires that the individual provide, at their own cost, a clear Police Check which includes vulnerable sector screening as a condition of employment. 
 SLCS adheres to the French Language Services Act. SLCS is also committed to promoting equity and diversity in our employment practices. As well, we are an equal opportunity employer which is committed to an inclusive and barrier free workplace, in support of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Should an applicant require accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please inform the recruitment contact and we will work with the applicant to meet the accommodation needs. 
 Visit http://www.slcs.ca/careers for more information on our programs. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $18.68 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Mental Health and/or Justice: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid & CPR Level C (Preferred) 
 Bachelors degree or 2-3 year community college diploma (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
