  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Darlington 
 Rate:  £32k - 47k per year 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Registered Nurse 
 
 Location - Darlington 
 Full Time - Days and Nights considered 
 Medium sized Home with consistently all "good" CQC reports 
 Friendly and homely environment 
 
 Criteria 
 
 Qualified RGN or RMN 
 Ideally care home experience, but not essential 
 Passion for delivering high standard of care 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Excellent hourly rate 
 Extensive training and developments 
 Career progression throughout the company 
 
 Our Client takes great care in providing a personalised service in a friendly and homely environment. 
 They use state of the art equipment throughout to enhance the lives of all that live at the home. 
 They are looking to add to their already experienced team with a fantastic RGN or RMN qualified nurse. 
 You will attend to the physical and emotional care needs of residents, promoting a holistic, person-centred approach. 
 You will be required to deliver a high standard of nursing care at all times and act as a point of reference to junior staff. 
 If this sounds like the perfect role for you then please give Tom a call on 01926 676369. 
 Nurse Seekers are always seeking RGNs RMNs RNLDs for posts all over the UK. 
 If you are currently seeking a post as a Home Manager, Clinical Lead or Deputy Manager or in any other capacity then please send your CV to us along with your requirements and we will endeavour to find the right position for you. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £32k - 47k per year 
 
 
 Location:  Darlington 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Nurse Seekers 
 
 
 Contact:  Chris Bradbury 
 
 
 Tel:  01926 676369 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  N1612c 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-05 07:42:25 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Nurse Seekers  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Nurse Seekers 
 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Anaesthetic Nurse 
 Night Nurse 
 Qualified Nurse 
 Nursing Home Manager 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Support Worker 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Private Hospital 
 Non-Medical Prescriber Deputy Manager RMN or RGN 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Registered Nurse 
 School Nurse 
 Registered Nurse 
 Care Assistant 
 Registered Nurse 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse RMN or RNLD 
 Deputy Manager RMN, RGN or RNLD 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
