Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 When It's Time to Go Home: The Pitfalls of Being a Workaholic 
 Anita Brady    15th August    Career   7 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=When%20It%27s%20Time%20to%20Go%20Home%3A%20The%20Pitfalls%20of%20Being%20a%20Workaholic%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fpitfalls-of-being-a-workaholic%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 25 years of business experience under my belt, I've seen enough and experienced enough to know that success attained through luck or happenstance is usually fleeting and that hard work is the ultimate key to true, long-term success. For that reason, any  budding businessperson  is likely to find that success can entail getting little sleep, eating on the run and putting work before a personal life. 
 Being an overachiever has its benefits, but  not maintaining a balance between work and play  also has its affects. Here are some tips I've learned about moderation, balance, and the pitfalls of being a workaholic; lessons that will ultimately make you a better manager, a better employee and a better person. 
 Overworking is a Health Hazard 
 If you're a workaholic, there's a good chance that you may be neglecting your health. Do you take time to enjoy balanced meals throughout the course of your day, or do you grab whatever's fast and easy (which often means plenty of calories and fat)? People who regularly work overtime have a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease. In addition, long hours staring at computer screens can lead to vision problems and headaches. That's not to mention the high depression rates among office overachievers. 
 Make a concerted effort to eat nutritious, balanced meals that help sustain you throughout the day. Start each day with some sort of exercise to help reduce stress before the chaos of the day begins. When your body is healthy, it's easier to focus your mind when it's time to work at the office. 
 Overworking Kills the Fun Factor 
 Among other wealthy countries in the world, the United States is one of the few that does not impose mandated paid vacation time on employers. While Americans are often overtired and overworked, many of our European counterparts enjoy daily siestas and indulge in long, lavish meals, even during the week. You don't have to move across the Atlantic in an effort to strike a healthier work/life balance; just make changes in your life at home that will help provide balance. 
 Even if you like your job, working at a maintained high-intensity level can make you miserable. Take advantage of vacation time that you've earned. Keep up an active social life, spend time with family and do the things that make you happy. 
 Although work responsibilities may even increase as you progress at your job, your stress level needn't go up as well. Don't ever let work stand in the way of a family meal, a kid's soccer game or a special occasion with the important people in your life. 
 What Productivity? 
 It's easy to assume that the amount of hours you put in at the office is directly proportional to the amount of work you can complete. However, lifestyle changes that promote a healthier, well-rested, less-stressed version of yourself can actually make you more productive and efficient in the hours you do work than the tired, stressed-out version would be able to accomplish. 
 Delegation is Your Friend 
 Do you ever feel so overwhelmed with multiple to-do lists that it feels impossible to take time out of your schedule to delegate tasks to others? Even when administrative assistance is available, if your mind is too cloudy and disorganized to figure out how to distribute the work, you'll never get on top of your tasks. If you've ever found yourself burning the midnight oil making copies, typing letters and performing tasks that you might otherwise be able to delegate, pause and take the time to organize your workload. 
 Approach business as a team effort. Chances are that the people around you have clearly defined roles, which makes assigning tasks easier, and the work gets completed faster. 
 Goals Are Better as Realistic 
 A common problem shared by many  workaholics  is a tendency to over-commit. You'll find that telling people upfront that a deadline cannot be met is received much better than promising results and then failing to deliver. Carefully think through big projects before starting them, and create a projected timeline for completing different tasks. That will help you plan an effective strategy and provide clients with realistic ideas about what to expect. 
 Life is too short to waste every minute sitting behind a desk. Your business and job should be an incredibly important part of your life, but it's not the only thing. Failure to realize that (and to act upon it) is a recipe for disaster. 
 -- 
 What pitfalls of being an workaholic have you experienced? Share your tips with us! 
 Photo by DepositPhotos . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard starting your own business ,  Powered by Article Dashboard state board ,  Powered by Article Dashboard state bank ,  Powered by Article Dashboard state board of ,  Powered by Article Dashboard your body ,  Powered by Article Dashboard food and family ,  Powered by Article Dashboard i\ve got a secret ,  Powered by Article Dashboard find people by email address ,  Powered by Article Dashboard family office ,  Powered by Article Dashboard start a home business 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 overacheiver (1) 
 
 
 overworker (1) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance (42) 
 
 
 workaholics (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Anita Brady  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Senior executive Anita Brady is the President of  123Print.com . They are a leading resource for high quality customizable items like business cards, letterhead and other materials for small businesses and solo practitioners. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How Ocean Swimming Helped My Personal Goals  
  _ _     Producteev Two is a Sequel Worth Checking Out  
  _ _     Top 10 Powerpoint Resume Presentations on Slideshare  
 
 Discussion 
 
 7 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 WorkeHow  on the 15th August 
 
 Reply   
 Can't agree more, overworking kills productivity and the creativity barometer stays zero until we rest well, to be re-energized. 
 
 Txomin  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 You forgot to mention ignorance. Workaholics are specialists by necessity and, consequently, often brutally ignorant outside their domain of expertise. As an example, this article. 
 
 Gus Gustafson  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 Unpaid overtime is a non interest paying investment. 
 
 Travis  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 Very well-written article! I couldn't agree more with the points made in this article, 
especially about spending time with friends and family. 
People who are successful at the office but fail to fulfill family 
obligations are still failures in my opinion. Providing for my family as best I can 
is important to me, but leave them on the back-burner too long and you may not have a family to provide for. 
 
 JohnB  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 When I worked on a project team who all pulled really long hours, it was by far the least productive team I ever worked with. 
 As far as I see it, if you baseline your working day at reasonable hours (e.g. 7.5), then when something really important does come up, you have that much more time to extend your work into. So when the chips are really down you look like a hero. 
 A good tactic I find is to always go home on time. If there's something important, then I can fire up the laptop after dinner and the work then will be so much more focussed because I've had time to think about it. 
 
 austin  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 i had to learn this the hard way with my first couple jobs (fast food jobs, mcdonalds then taco bell) i always took any work anyone wanted, it had its up sides (i had like 56 hour weeks and as such…a lot of money for my work and age) but the downside was i wasnt sleeping much and regularly was late or tired while working. in each job i only lasted a year and it had poor effects on my school work. 
now i try to pace myself a bit more. 
 
 Rich  on the 12th May 
 
 Reply   
 In my opinion, working hard & leaving on time is the best way. I can understand occasionally where one might need to stay late, but do it regularly & it becomes the norm, others expect it of you & you expect it of yourself. 
 Leaving on time requires more discipline, more maturity & ultimately makes you a more balanced person. As a more balanced person you will make better business decisions and be able to 'see the bigger picture'. 
 I'm not talking about people who have to hold down several jobs for financial reasons, I'm talking about people who work for the hell of it. 
 Peace. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
