
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 196+ In Demand Remote Jobs for 2021 (and Beyond) 
 January 4, 2021 by  Ashlee Anderson   Leave a Comment 
 __Tweet 10 
 __Pin 14 
  __Share 148 
  __Share 
 172 Shares 
 There are  a lot  of  work from home jobs . But they're not all in demand remote jobs. Some are rare or just random. For example, I've seen remote jobs for matchmaker, virtual dog trainer, information ninja, and even sailing instructor (how?). While interesting, these jobs just aren't in demand enough to offer two important things: 
 
 Job security 
 Career opportunities 
 
 And, after a rollercoaster ride of year that we call 2020, it's really important that we plan remote-friendly careers that are pandemic proof and popular as we head into the future. 
 That's why I put together this super mega list of 196 (and counting)  in demand remote jobs  for 2021 (and beyond). 
 How did I compile this list? 
 Well, over the last year I heavily researched the  top remote industries . With so many people looking for remote work, it was important to identify the industries readily embracing remote work. 
 These were the industries that continued to hire when many others were laying off workers by the hundreds and thousands. Of course,  as a career coach , I often steered my clients towards these industries to help them land on their feet in a steady role. 
 But I wanted to take it even further and identify  the most popular job titles  frequently posted on remote job board sites. 
 The result? An amazingly comprehensive list of remote jobs that are here to stay. Period. 
 This is a long list divided up by category. So, settle in and grab a cup of coffee ☕You've got some reading to do. 
 How to Use This List 
 Whether you're a career changer, career pivoter, or an  unemployed remote job seeker , use this list to  inspire your remote job search . See if your current (or most recent) job title is on this list. If so, great! You're already primed and ready to launch a remote job search. 
 However, if you don't see any job titles that are close to the ones you've held, don't panic. Often, you have transferable skills that you can use to land a remote job. 
 As you browse the list, see if any industries or specific job titles pique your interest. Research those job titles and see what skills, education, and experience you need to be considered for employment. If you don't have any of those skills, that's okay too. You're never more than an  online course away  from learning a remote-friendly skill you can use to get a remote job. 
 And, don't forget to use my  no-fail 3-step system to figure  out your dream remote job. Because, after all,  we don 't want you to settle  for any remote job. You deserve to find your dream remote job and, chances are, it's on this list! 
 Administrative 
 
 Thanks to remote collaboration tools like Google Docs and Trello, it's pretty easy to perform administrative tasks from (almost) anywhere. You can work with people around the world to manage emails, schedule appointments, coordinate meetings, manage documents, and so much more. 
 A clerical background is helpful. But you can also find online courses and training to prepare you for an in-demand remote administrative role. For example,  Fully Booked VA  is a go-to training center for aspiring administrative professionals. 
 Whether you already have the skills or need a quick refresher, there are plenty of remote administrative roles to consider: 
 In Demand Remote Administrative Jobs 
 
 Administrative Assistant 
 Ads Assessor 
 Calendar Management 
 Contact Tracer 
 Data Entry 
 Document Management Specialist 
 Executive Assistant 
 Personal Assistant 
 Real Estate Assistant 
 Researcher 
 Search Engine Evaluator 
 Travel Coordinator 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Virtual Receptionist 
 
 Business 
 
 In demand remote jobs in business are quite broad. They include all business roles you find in most corporations. To make this list more readable, I combined human resources, operations, and legal positions under the business category. 
 Most of these roles require a degree, specific work experience, or both to be considered. However, a handful of options like General Transcription and Legal Transcription can be learned via online training at schools like  Transcribe Anywhere . 
 If you have previous in-office experience, chances are you already have transferable skills you can use right now to market yourself in one of these remote business roles. 
 In Demand Remote Jobs in Business: 
 
 Business Development Manager 
 Business Manager 
 Career Coach 
 Fundraiser 
 General Transcription 
 Grant Writer 
 Head of People 
 Head of Talent 
 HR Specialist 
 Human Resources Manager 
 Legal Counsel 
 Legal Transcription 
 Operations Manager 
 Paralegal 
 Product Manager 
 Project Manager 
 Recruiter 
 Scrum Master 
 Solutions Consultant 
 Talent Acquisition 
 Talent Sourcer 
 Talent Specialist 
 Technical Product Manager 
 Technical Recruiter 
 
 Customer Service 
 
 As a career coach, I hear over and over again from clients that they will do anything but customer service. I get it. Customer service jobs can be a bit of a drag. You envision yourself taking call after call from unhappy customers leaving you completely drained by day's end. 
 Fortunately, not all customer service jobs are like this. In fact, in demand customer service remote jobs include reservations agents, travel agents, tech support reps, and even chat reps -- no phone required! 
 As a bonus, the majority of  customer service jobs from home  are entry-level. 
 In Demand Remote Customer Service Job Titles: 
 
 Chat Representative 
 Customer Experience Representative/Specialist 
 Customer Onboarding Representative/Specialist 
 Customer Service QA Manager 
 Customer Service Representative/Specialist 
 Customer Success Manager 
 Customer Support Representative/Specialist 
 Reservations Agent 
 Technical Support Representative/Specialist 
 Tier 2 Support Representative/Specialist 
 Travel Agent 
 
 Data 
 
 What is data? Well, data can mean a lot of things. Typically, remote data jobs deal with statistics, facts, and figures in an analytical way. 
 You might run reports, make predictions or forecasts from a business point of view. 
 Most data jobs will require formal training and/or experience to get started. If a data career sounds interesting to you, I highly recommend you research the industry further to determine if it fits with your career ideals. 
 From there, check out Coursera for  Data Literacy  courses you can take in your spare time to advance your career! 
 In Demand Remote Data Jobs 
 
 Analytics Manager 
 Database Administrator 
 Data Analyst 
 Data Engineer 
 Data Manager 
 Data Scientist 
 Data Solutions Architect 
 Data Specialist 
 Data Visualization Specialist 
 Engineering Manager 
 Marketing Data Analyst 
 Solution Architect 
 
 Design 
 
 Design is all around us, especially online. Every website you visit, blog you read, ad you see -- they're all design driven. And, as it turns out, design jobs are in high demand and super remote friendly. 
 Design jobs will require specific training. Most roles have specific hard skills you need to have. For example, you might need to know Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, etc. depending on the position. 
 When you're new to the world of design, a simple course like  Basic Elements of Design: Design Principles and Software Overview  can prepare you to confidently enter the digital design world as a beginner! 
 In Demand Remote Jobs in Design 
 
 2D Animator 
 3D Animator 
 Brand Designer 
 Game Designer 
 Graphic Designer 
 Landing Page Designer 
 Motion Graphics Designer 
 Product Designer 
 Technical Designer 
 UI/UX Designer 
 UX Researcher 
 Visual Designer 
 Web Designer 
 
 Editorial 
 
 Editorial remote roles are near and dear to my heart. I love writing, content creation, reading, proofreading and all the wordsmith roles widely available today. 
 You too can cash in on your love of words to create an editorial career as a writer, proofreader, editor, copywriter, researcher, and more. 
 When it comes to remote writing jobs, the proof is in the pudding. In other words, you need a  portfolio of work to showcase your skills  more than you need a specific degree. 
 However, training is beneficial in specific roles like copywriting and proofreading as you'll learn the ins and outs of marketing your skills. My favorite proofreading classes are this  free general proofreading workshop  as well as the masterclass at  Art of Proofreading . 
 In Demand Remote Editorial Roles 
 
 Blogger 
 Content Writer 
 Copywriter 
 Editor 
 Fact Checker 
 Freelance Writer 
 General Proofreader 
 Ghostwriter 
 Publisher Proofreader 
 Research Content Associate 
 Staff Writer 
 Technical Writer 
 Translator 
 
 Education 
 
 In 2020, we saw so many students head online to learn. As it turns out, many teachers and students enjoyed the switch to digital learning and are eager to stay on this path in the future. (I personally have a 100% online learner at home with me!). 
 With such a high demand for online learning, there's been a surge in hiring for various education positions in the remote world. 
 These jobs range from educator to administrator, and everything in between. Your state will have individual requirements for online educators, but there are entry level gigs in education for Online English tutors as well as admissions counselors for higher education. 
 In Demand Education Jobs 
 
 Admissions Counselor 
 Curriculum Writer 
 Faculty Reviewer 
 Grader 
 K-12 Teacher 
 Online English Teacher 
 Online Instructor 
 Tutor 
 
 Finance 
 
 From a financial perspective, there are quite a few in demand remote jobs to be had. These include everything from working one-on-one with individuals as a bookkeeper or tax preparer to corporate roles in underwriting or payroll. 
 Finance jobs from home range from entry-level friendly to more experienced accounting roles. 
 If this industry is appealing to you, I recommend sitting in on free training to learn more. My favorite freebie for aspiring financial pros is the  3-series video training  at Bookkeepers.com. 
 In Demand Finance Jobs 
 
 Accountant 
 Accounting Specialist 
 Auditor 
 Billing Specialist 
 Bookkeeper 
 Claims Processor 
 Claims Specialist 
 Finance Manager 
 Financial Controller 
 Loan Officer 
 Loan Processor 
 Loan Specialist 
 Mortgage Underwriter 
 Payroll Administrator 
 Payroll Specialist 
 Senior Accountant 
 Tax Manager 
 Tax Preparer 
 Title Examiner 
 Underwriter 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 We typically don't think of healthcare as a remote role. That's because we think of clinics, hospitals, and in person places most frequently with healthcare. 
 However, as we saw in 2020, healthcare can also be remote friendly. For example,  telehealth visits were up 154% in 2020  (and are expected to rise in the coming years). 
 Plus, there are plenty of non-clinical roles, like  medical billing and coding jobs , that are more admin than patient-facing. These jobs can be done remotely and are in high demand. In fact, one  CNBC study  found there are more openings for medical billing and coding jobs than there are trained professionals to fill them! 
 In Demand Healthcare Jobs 
 
 Case Manager 
 Clinical Research Coordinator 
 Health Insurance Agent 
 Health Navigator 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Information Specialist 
 Medical Records Clerk 
 Medical Records Specialist 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Nurse Practitioner 
 Patient Care Representative 
 Registered Dietitian 
 Registered Nurse 
 Telephone Nurse 
 Utilization Review Nurse 
 
 Marketing 
 
 What is marketing? Typically, marketing refers to activities that helps businesses understand their customers. Brands want to better understand their customers so they can build consumer loyalty. 
 Often, marketing is confused with sales -- but they're two different functions. (That's why you'll see sales as a completely different industry on this list 🙂 
 Marketers create campaigns, analyze data, or put together materials to promote a brand. Remote marketing jobs include job titles in social media, search engine optimization, affiliates, public relations, and more! 
 In Demand Marketing Jobs 
 
 Advertising Manager 
 Affiliate Manager 
 Content Marketer 
 Digital Advertising Specialist 
 Email Marketing 
 Growth Marketer 
 Marketing Assistant 
 Marketing Data Analyst 
 Marketing Manager 
 Marketing Specialist 
 Paid Social/Performance Marketer 
 Product Marketing Manager 
 Public Relations Manager 
 SEO Content Manager 
 SEO Specialist 
 Social Media Coordinator 
 Social Media Manager 
 Webinar Coordinator 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales jobs are always in demand, remote or not. That's because the sales team brings in money. And, without money, businesses can't survive. 
 But sales jobs go far beyond telemarketing. Virtual sales reps might take inbound calls, respond to chats, or help existing customers to keep them as clients. 
 Many sales jobs are beginner friendly, as long as you have a determination to succeed. As you gain experience in remote sales, you can move up to roles like Account Manager or Sales Manager. 
 In Demand Sales Jobs 
 
 Account Coordinator 
 Account Development Representative 
 Account Executive 
 Account Manager 
 Account Strategist 
 B2B Sales Representative 
 Enterprise Sales 
 Inbound Account Executive 
 Inside Sales 
 Phone Sales Agent 
 Technical Account Executive 
 Sales Development Representative 
 Sales Executive 
 Sales Manager 
 
 Software & Development 
 
 Tech jobs are some of the most in demand remote jobs out there. Period. Yes, there's a huge need for tech pros but it's also because development and tech-based jobs include a lot of different job titles. 
 In my list, you will see coding jobs, developer positions, and even QA roles grouped together under the umbrella term of "software and development." 
 Keep in mind, there are A LOT of different roads to explore for tech roles. If you don't have current experience or education in the field, it's a good idea to get some. 
 Simply search programs on Coursera to get a good idea of  Algorithms, Data Collection, and Starting to Code . You will soon find if this path speaks to you or not. 
 In the meantime, check out this list of most common job titles to see what, if any, jump out at you. 
 In Demand Software Roles 
 
 Android Developer 
 AWS Cloud Architect 
 AWS Engineer 
 Back End Developer 
 Back End Engineer 
 Cloud Architect 
 Cyber Security Engineer 
 DevOps Engineer 
 DevOps Lead 
 DevOps Manager 
 Front End Engineer 
 Full Stack Developer 
 Full Stack Engineer 
 Information Security Manager 
 iOS Engineer 
 Java Developer 
 Linux Software Developer 
 Mobile Developer 
 Network Engineer 
 Python Engineer 
 QA Analyst 
 QA Engineer 
 QA Tester 
 Ruby on Rails Developer 
 Ruby on Rails Engineer 
 Site Reliability Engineer 
 Software Developer 
 Software Engineer 
 Solutions Architect 
 System Infrastructure Architect 
 Web Application Engineer 
 WordPress Developer 
 WordPress Engineer 
 UX Developer 
 
 In-Demand Remote Jobs to Consider for 2021 
 There you have it, the top remote job titles in 2021. These all fall within remote-friendly industries that are known to hire the most remote workers. Keep in mind, this isn't a full list. 
 Instead, these are the roles I see time and time again on  remote job board sites . In other words, these are known job titles companies routinely hire remote workers for. 
 When you need career inspiration or are curious if you can turn your existing skills into a remote career, this is the perfect list for you. Use it to inspire your job search and steer your career plan as you move into 2021, and beyond. 
 So, what did you think? Are there any industries you see yourself working in? Did a new job title speak to you? 
 Let me know in the comments below. 
 I'd love to hear what you think. 
 And, don't forget, before you make any career decision, be sure you're headed in the right direction. Use the  no-fail 3-step system  to determine your ideals and your perfect career path. 
 You've got this! 💪 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 __Tweet 10 
 __Pin 14 
  __Share 148 
  __Share 
 172 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths ,  Find A Remote Job 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
