Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 IT SUPPORT TECHNICIAN LEVEL 2 
 Boutique La Vie En Rose 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 SIEGE SOCIAL, 4320 AVENUE PIERRE-DE COUBERTIN, MONTREAL, Quebec, Canada Req #3169 
Monday, November 16, 2020 
 Founded in 1985, La Vie en Rose has distinguished itself as a Canadian leader in the field of lingerie and jerseys with more than 3,000 employees. The company has more than 230 stores across Canada, and our ultimate goal is to make you feel beautiful and comfortable in our lingerie and swimsuits and provide you with outstanding customer service. In addition, since 2006 we have entered the international market and our brand is now represented in 18 countries. 
 At La Vie en Rose, employees are the most important asset of the company. It is important for us that employees feel appreciated in their work. That's why we encourage in-house promotions and offer the best possible training to our employees so that they all develop a long and beautiful career at La Vie en Rose. 
 PURPOSE OF THE POSITION 
 Under the supervision of the Team Lead, the IT Support Technician is responsible to ensure the necessary support for the stores, the distribution center and to the users by telephone, ticketing system or by email on a regular base. In addition, they will participate in the different projects and the maintenance of the different services within the IT department. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Provide software, hardware and operational support to employees and stores and manage incidents; 
Ensure the support of the Level 1 team during the escalation of incidents; 
Participate in store opening processes and coordinate activities with different suppliers; 
Configure and install workstations, printers, software and other components and peripherals according to service levels; 
Participate in various IT projects related to store operations, head office and distribution center; 
Document interventions in the Servicenow ticketing system; 
Write documentation for departmental procedures, policies and processes; 
Contribute to the maintenance of good practices in terms of computer security (Antivirus (McAfee), Networking, Windows Update); 
Keep the hardware / software inventory up-to-date; 
Perform and monitor the operational tasks of store sales; 
Stay up-to-date on skills and best practices in the industry; 
Participate in any other activities related to the IT department. 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 College diploma (or equivalent) related to the field; 
Minimum of 5 years of relevant IT experience - asset in retail; 
Bilingual (French and English); 
Knowledge of Windows environments (Desktop and server) with Active Directory; 
Knowledge of office tools (Microsoft Office, Adobe); 
Knowledge of business processes and software in stores; 
Knowledge of the MAC environment and tools, an important asset; 
Knowledge of network protocols, network management systems and LAN and WAN methods; 
Knowledge of the iPhone and Android environment; 
Excellent communicator and have a concern for the quality of customer service; 
Flexibility regarding the work schedule; 
Have good stress management and ability to work in a very dynamic company; 
Team spirit and excellent interpersonal skills; 
Demonstrate autonomy, organization, planning and initiative. 
 The information on this site is for information purposes only and is not intended to have legal consequences. La Vie en Rose is committed to employment equity. La Vie en Rose has put in place an adaptation process that provides accommodation for selected candidates for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
