Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Get Your Boss Let You Telework 
 Paul Miller    26th April    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Get%20Your%20Boss%20Let%20You%20Telework%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fget-your-boss-let-you-telework%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A few months ago, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer made headlines when she effectively banned her employees from telecommuting. She claimed that teams perform their best work in close collaboration with one another, but other Yahoo insiders indicated a more serious problem. 
 Namely, that employees were simply not honoring their  telework arrangements  as intended, reducing overall productivity and impacting Yahoo's business efficiency. 
 Whatever the reason, the Yahoo decision raises one of the most fundamental issues that comes up when companies decide to permit telework -- trust. 
 This trust barrier prevents businesses that are otherwise good telecommuting candidates from unshackling quality workers from stressful commutes in major urban areas. And as a result of commuter stress, office productivity is often harmed rather than helped. 
 In some industries, it is easy to measure employee output simply by the deliverables they are assigned and how quickly they complete them. In other industries, though, measuring worker productivity is more complex and nuanced. 
 Fortunately, just as new technologies are making it easier to connect to work computers remotely, other new technologies make it easier to monitor teleworking arrangements. And agreeing to let your employer do a "soft audit" of how you telework may be your ticket to ditching the dreaded commute for good. 
 Take remote desktop software, for instance. Many companies, especially those who run Microsoft operating systems internally, will turn on a feature called Remote Desktop Services on their workstations and servers, so that administrators and employees can connect to them remotely to do work. 
 Remote Desktop is a fantastic platform for teleworking. First, just about every operating system and mobile device offers a Remote Desktop Client. Microsoft publishes a Remote Desktop Connection client for both Windows and Mac, and there are numerous open source clients available for Linux distributions and Android devices. 
 Some of the newest Remote Desktop technologies support full audio relay plus file, printer, and USB sharing, so you can truly feel as though you are directly in front of your office computer, even if you're in your bathrobe on your home PC. 
 That being said, it's tricky to monitor remote desktop activity without the help of third party tools, and what your employer can't monitor, they may not permit. 
 So now, let's look at a solid approach you can take with your supervisor in order to persuade them to let you telework. 
 Step 1 - Propose a trial telework arrangement. 
 Don't ask for everything at once. See if you can get your boss to agree to a trial arrangement whereby you work either once or twice a week from home. 
 If you can further explain to her why those days are most critical (e.g. your spouse can't pick up your children those days from school, etc), you will most likely have a better outcome. 
 Step 2 - Encourage soft audits of your teleworking behaviors. 
 Remind your boss that there are plenty of third party tools available that can monitor telework. Ask if you can be part of a "pilot test" of these monitoring tools. Contrary to popular belief, many of these sort of tools are not overly intrusive to your privacy. 
 For instance, some remote desktop monitoring tools simply log: a.) when you connect to your office computer, b.) how "active" you are on your computer when connected, c.) the programs you run on your office computer, and d.) when you disconnect from your office computer. 
 Compared to more draconian "spyware" sorts of applications that attempt to log every keystroke, or capture screen images of your session, these other tools are very benign. 
 They serve simply to create a profile of how often you are utilizing the  teleworking tools  and technologies your employer provides, and will serve to reassure them that you are honoring your telework agreement. 
 Step 3: Review these audits with your boss. 
 After a few weeks of your trial telework arrangement, review the monitoring findings with your manager. They may be surprised to see that you actually were working outside of normal business hours to get things done, even during what used to be your normal commute hours, and as a result are more productive than before. 
 Once your employer has been reassured that you intend to honor your  teleworking agreement  as outlined, you may be able to increase the days you work away from the office. 
 How do you get your boss to allow you to telework? Share your tips with us! 
 Image by FreedigitalPhotos.net. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 at home office (1) 
 
 
 convincing stratgies (1) 
 
 
 teleworking (1) 
 
 
 work from home (30) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Paul Miller  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Paul Miller (pmiller@rdpsoft.com) is a developer at RDPSoft, a maker of  remote desktop  monitoring tools for Windows computers, and a veteran teleworker himself. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     3 Ways to Efficiently Make Your Resume Work for Everyone  
  _ _     Should I Hire a Career Coach?  
  _ _     10 Easy Ways to Increase Your Job Satisfaction  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
