[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work from Home Jobs that pay by Check 
 Published by  aw1219  on January 13, 2017January 13, 2017 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 It is not always easy to find work at home companies that pay their remote workers by check. In fact, many employers prefer to send payment directly to your PayPal account. You can see a list of sites that pay via PayPal by reading this post  here . Not only does this save the company expenses from having to get payroll to use paper to send out checks but it also eliminates the delays that come with mail delivery and even lost or stolen checks. Although many people prefer to get their cash via PayPal, there are a lot of home agents that would prefer and even welcome the chance to receive a paper check. 
 If you are one of those people, you  trying to make money  online, it may surprised to find out that there are more companies that you think that still pay by check. I even like and sometimes prefer to get a check in the mail too. There is something about going to your mailbox and seeing your name on a check to deposit it or get cash it that never gets old. Some of my readers, still don't have a PayPal account or it is not verified so that check method is one of their few options for receiving payment. 
 Hopefully you will find this list refreshing and even apply to some of these work at home jobs that pay by check even in 2017! 
 Work from Home Jobs that pay by check 
 
 
 1-800-Flowers  - This company recruits independent contractors seasonally to do phone work. 
 
 
 1NW Contact  - This company pays their independent contractors by check to handle inbound or outbound calls from home. 
 
 
 3 Play media  - Get paid by check to do general transcription work from home 
 
 
 Accutran Global  - This company hires transcribers, stenographers and voice writers to work from home. 
 
 
 Appen  - This company has several non-phone work at home jobs in web search evaluation, social media evaluators and more to work from home. 
 
 
 ARO - Hires remote customer service reps to work from home. 
 
 
 Best Mark  - This company needs mystery shoppers to visit establishments in their area evaluating their service, the cleanliness at that location, prices and other details. This company also needs people to make and complete mystery shopping calls from home. Paper checks are sent out every other Friday with the exception of the month of December. 
 
 
 Brainfuse  - Get paid to tutor students from home. 
 
 
 Click N Work  - Work from home in data entry, writing, web search, telephone interviews, translation, shoppers and more. 
 
 
 Contemporary VA  - Work from home as a virtual assistant. May or may not be hiring at this time. 
 
 
 Dollar Stretcher  - Get paid by check or via PayPal to write articles for this company. 
 
 
 English Hunt  - Pays their independent contractors to do ESL tutoring from home. 
 
 
 Ether  - Give paid to give expert advice over the phone. Pays by direct deposit or via check in the mail. 
 
 
 ETS  - This company will pay you to score tests at home. 
 
 
 Focus Forward  - Pays their independent contractors by check to do general transcription work in English and Spanish. You can receive your cash via check in the mail, direct deposit or PayPal. 
 
 
 Great American Opportunities - Get paid to type in gift orders from school money-raising campaigns. Make sure you subscribe to my  YouTube channel  to find out when and how to apply. 
 
 
 Guru  - Pays their independent contractor to do a variety of freelance from home. 
 
 
 Intelichek  - Another company that pays their independent contractor to do mystery shopping online. Read my full review  here . 
 
 
 Language Line  - Pays their independent contractors by check to interpret different languages over the phone. 
 
 
 Market Force  - Get paid to be a mystery shopper. 
 
 
 NexRep  - Pays their independent contractors by check to make sale calls from home. 
 
 
 Oasis Marketing Solutions  - Get paid by check to make political and survey calls. 
 
 
 Presto Experts  - Get paid to give expert advice from home. 
 
 
 Parameds  - Get paid to do phone work from home. 
 
 
 Scripted  - Get paid to do freelance writing from home. 
 
 
 Sedgewick CMS  - Get paid by check to make calls selling insurance claims. 
 
 
 Shutterstock  - Get paid by check to be an image or footage reviewer to work from home editing images. 
 
 
 Smart Thinking  - Get paid by check to help tutor online. 
 
 
 Support Space  - Get paid by check to be an online chat/ tech support. 
 
 
 Televated  - This company pays their independent contractors by check to be a telemarketer from home. 
 
 
 Tutor.com  - Work from home to tutor online in economics, accounting, finance, college physics and more. 
 
 
 UpWork  - Pays their independent contractor to do freelance work from home. 
 
 
 Ver-a-Fast  - Get paid by check to call people with newspaper subscriptions by phone. 
 
 
 Verilogue  - Work from home in transcription for this company. 
 
 
 Voices.com  - Get paid by check to record your voice. Pays fast. 
 
 
 Westat  - Get paid to do phone data collections most are outbound calls. 
 
 
 Working Solutions  - Get paid by check to do customer service, data entry or writing from home. 
 
 
 Yardi Matrix  - Get paid to be a rent surveyor and call various apartments from home. 
 
 
 Zintro  - Get paid to give your expert advice over the phone. 
 
 
 Others Sites that Pay via Check 
 Bank Roll Bucks 
 Clixsense 
 Cash Crate 
 InstaGC 
 
 Pinecone Research 
 Survey Savvy 
 YouGov 
 Toluna Opinions 
 Global Test Market 
 Ipsos 
 Legerweb 
 
 Ebates 
 Checkout 51 
 HCD Surveys 
 Inbox Dollars 
 Cash 4 Books 
 
 Famebit 
 More companies that pay by check or direct deposit 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  at home jobs that pay by check online sites that pay by check work at home jobs that pay by check work from home jobs and other sites that pay by check work from home jobs that pay by check 
 Tags:  get paid by check to work from home work at home jobs that pay by check work at home jobs that pay cash work from home jobs that pay by check 
           
 
 4 Comments 
   
 Priti Dewett  * October 9, 2017 at 9:54 am 
 Informative article, just what I was looking for., I really like it,Thanks for sharing it 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 PRADYOT KUMAR  * April 23, 2020 at 9:45 am 
 I like this information, you have written a very good post. thanks for me 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 Shailesh Kumar  * August 27, 2020 at 7:28 am 
 really useful as i always wanted to do work from home. It gives freedom of work and happiness. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 aw1219  * August 27, 2020 at 12:57 pm 
 Wonderful. Please come back to the weekly job section and Friday freebie pages for more work at home job leads. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 %d bloggers like this: 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
