Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Engagement Manager 
 PetSmart 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR STORE: 
What better place to share your love for pets than in our stores? With so many opportunities under one roof, you'll be sure to find a career path that inspires you. As part of the Department Manager team, you’ll ensure that the store runs smoothly—from head to tail. From motivating associates to ensuring we have the right product on the floor, our Department Managers drive the success of our stores by ensuring our customers have an engaging, personalized shopping experience. 
 ABOUT YOUR ROLE: 
In a store as big as ours, we need all hands (and paws, wings and fins!) on deck to ensure we are operating efficiently. So, as a PetSmart Customer Engagement Manager, you’ll help lead the store team in the following areas: 
 Pet Parent Engagement:  You’ll set the standards for customer engagement, ensuring that every pet and pet parent has a positive experience in our stores. You’ll have fun getting to know the customers and their pets so you and the team can create a personalized shopping experience. 
 Associate Leadership:  Our associates are key to making great experience in our stores. As the Associate Lead, you’ll help to lead a team who are as passionate about pets as we are. You’ll lead a team of retail and pet care associates who will ensure a safe, clean, and fun environment for our pets and pet parents. 
 Overall Retail Initiatives:  Creating an exceptional customer experience is a top priority for all our leaders. From ensuring our associates have extensive knowledge of pet solutions to building connections with pet parents, our leaders ensure a safe and fun environment in our stores. 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
Just like we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career, too. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit—from the store to the salon or the Pets Hotel 
Develop your leadership skills as an Assistant Manager or Store Manager 
Tackle the challenge of a new store opening 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the relief Rosie feels when you help her mom select the best food for her upset tummy and her delight when it turns out to be chicken flavored!! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 We look forward to seeing your application to join our Department Management team! 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
