Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 FullStack Developer - Craft CMS LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 We’re going through an exciting growth period and looking for a Full-Stack Engineer with exceptional technical skills and experience of working with Craft to have a lasting impact on one of the UK's leading fintech startups. 
 Who we are: 
 Crowdcube is the world's leading equity crowdfunding platform. We enable everyday investors to invest alongside Europe’s venture capitalists and professional investors in start-up, early stage and growth businesses; in doing so we're enabling entrepreneurs to raise funds for their businesses. Watch  this  if you don't believe us! 
 We have experienced year on year growth since 2011 with over 750,000 registered investors, and over 800 British businesses successfully funded on the platform, including Brewdog, Monzo, Eden Project and many more. 
 What we are doing: 
 Our aim as a company is to continue building our product and expand our share of the equity fundraising market. Working closely with the Product/Marketing Teams, we want to enhance the online customer journey by optimising the website and creating an overall more personalised experience. This will involve building out new functionality on the site using Craft CMS, testing for improvements, creating new email templates among others. 
 Our engineers work in small product focused feature teams where collaboration is key. Our platform is primarily PHP/Nginx/MySQL but we are advocates of using the right tools for the job. We also run React/TypeScript and other technologies depending on the problem we want to solve. 
 We hire for good judgement and trust you to contribute to discussions and decisions that determine what is being built and how. 
 Key responsibilities: 
 
 Optimising existing websites and building new functionality 
 Creating intuitive and user-friendly interfaces 
 Helping identify improvements to existing builds 
 Spotting opportunities to use tech to help drive traffic 
 Using APIs and reporting to help marketing teams 
 Providing support and fixing bugs on existing projects 
 Keeping up to date with the latest standards and implementing when beneficial 
 Understanding of basic DevOps and being the point of contact for the Craft subdomain, and also for deployments 
 
 The ideal candidate will have some or all of: 
 
 Solid experience using the Craft platform or similar template based CMS 
 Solid understanding of javascript and proficiency in react or other modern framework 
 Experience with PHP 
 Proficiency with HTML/CSS 
 A keen eye for testing, performance and tidy APIs would be great 
 Understanding of AWS infrastructure and managing high availability server deployments 
 
 You will also be: 
 
 An excellent communicator, who actively listens and shows empathy, with an ability to influence both technical and non-technical audiences 
 Open-minded and comfortable questioning the status quo, coming up with new solutions and considerate of others' 
 Enthusiastic and positive, with a bias to action 
 A team player! We're all in this together so be supportive and understanding 
 
 What we are offering: 
 We like to nurture talent and ensure members of our team develop and hone their skills through training, conferences, subscriptions to online courses, and participation in hackathons. We’re passionate and hard-working, and we take care of our team: 
 
 £40,000-£50,000 DOE 
 We provide our engineers with their choice of an engineer-spec Mac/Windows/Linux laptop. 
 We also offer 25 days holiday each year 
 Pension Scheme 4% matched 
 Private Medical Scheme with AXA 
 Life Insurance Scheme 
 Cycle to Work Scheme 
 Company perks such as juices, fruit and of course desk beers (Or cider) 
 Company trips and activities such as pilates, football, cricket, BBQs, camping and more... 
 
 Our interview process typically consists of an initial phone screen, a take-home code task, and a half-day on-site interview. There aren’t any trick questions and the coding task has been set based on projects the team has actually worked on. 
 Our policy is to employ the best qualified people and provide equal opportunity for the advancement of employees including promotion and training and not to discriminate against any person because of gender, race, ethnicity, age, sexual orientation, religion, belief or disability. 
 How to Apply 
 Please use this  link  to apply 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Crowdcube 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Cardiff, UK 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   00441392241319 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   https://www.crowdcube.com/ 
 __  Posted November 4, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
