M Rodio's Blog 
 This Blog Site is aimed at Family & Friends, to keep them up to date with my exploits. 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 
 About me 
 Contact me 
 
 
 Places I’ve Visited 
 
 Places I’ve Visited 
 The Old Vicarage 
 
 
 Index 
 
   
 Yabby Dabby Doo a way overdue job, done! 
 18-Dec-2019  by  M Rodio 
 Not solely by myself, but as my garden lady has stopped for winter I asked if I could hire her for a heavy-duty lifting job, to which she agreed. 
 I didn’t take a picture before she started, but this is what’s either going to the Skip, Freegle, Nextdoor or belonging to DJKA. 
 
 Everything in the foreground (bar the green barrel) is for charity i.e. Freegle and Nextdoor. The green barrel has been stored near the camper. The rest is for the Skip. 1½ car load and there is way more to go. 
 
 I was glad that Sarah loaded and unloaded my car. 
 Now all I have to do is getting pictures and advertising everything on the web. 
 
 Sadly, I had to put things back into my garage for storage until people come and collect. I also placed my economic electric heater to get rid of some of the dampness. I can’t remember when I last had that much floor space in the garage-extension. 
 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  About me ,  Gardening ,  General  and tagged  About ,  General . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Thanks to Anglian Water 
 Shopping in MK has become a joke. -> 
 Index By Category 
 
 About me  (25) 
 Day trips  (7) 
 Excursion  (4) 
 Food  (1) 
 Gardening  (8) 
 General  (20) 
 Information  (18) 
 Just Fun  (16) 
 Language  (2) 
 My House  (13) 
 Normal  (49) 
 Poker  (2) 
 Quotes  (12) 
 Slimming  (2) 
 Tips  (4) 
 U3A  (1) 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
