Skip to primary content 
 Culture Shock 
 Staying in the Honeymoon Phase 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 About 
 Home 
 Travels 
 
 Mexico 
 Senegal 
 Pakistan 
 Hungary 
 
 
 Foreign Service 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 My Jobs in the Foreign Service - Part I 
 Posted on  November 18, 2014  by   travelingcat22 
 My husband joined the  Foreign Service  as a second career. I followed, reinventing myself in each country. This post might help people who think about the Foreign Service to determine whether it is for them or not, depending on aspirations of their better half. 
 First of all the following spouse needs to be at peace with their own career. In most cases your past career as a lawyer or a dentist or an engineer will just have to stop. If you were a contracts writer you might be able to become a teleworker. If you were a teacher, there are usually openings at the international schools. If your past career in the U.S. was stay-at-home parent, it will not change much but will still require some adaptation. Note that I didn’t say ‘stay-at-home mom’. There is a ratio of 80% female and 20% male spouse following the diplomat spouse. The male number is growing slowly but steadily. 
 There was a time (40 years ago?) when the following spouse just followed. Nowadays the spouse wants to work whether this wish is driven by the need of a second income or the need to fill an entire day outside the house, and socialize. So the  Family Liaison Office  (FLO) was created. “FLO's mission is to improve the quality of life of all demographics we serve by identifying issues and advocating for programs and solutions, providing a variety of client services, and extending services to overseas communities through the management of the worldwide  Community Liaison Office  ( CLO ) program.” About family employment, this link  http://www.state.gov/m/dghr/flo/c1959.htm  will lead you to information far more complete than anything I can say. 
 I just want to bring some personal touches beyond the statistics and let you know that it is possible to work as long as you do not expect to either match your past salary if you were an executive or use as much brain since the majority of jobs offered to following spouses are clerical in nature. Actually following spouses and children have an acronym:  EFM  for  Eligible Family Member . Eligible to be on the Diplomat’s order, get a plane ticket, medical clearances and eventually eligible to get a job in an Embassy. 
 I’ll make a difference between the official jobs where I had a paycheck and the other jobs that were just as demanding or more but did not receive a monetary compensation. 
 Official Jobs 
 
 Commercial Specialist for the U.S. Foreign Commercial Service (a sister agency to State within the Foreign Affairs). Serving West Africa from Dakar, Senegal. 
 Community Liaison Officer in Dakar, Senegal 
 Procurement agent for the Narcotics Affairs Section (NAS) in Mexico City 
 Staff Aide for the Minister Counselor of Consular Affairs for Mexico 
 Fraud Prevention Unit investigator in Mexico City 
 Grants administrator for USAID in Pakistan 
 Community Liaison Office Assistant and Newsletter Editor in Budapest 
 Green Team Leader - EPAP* - in Budapest 
 
 Ad-Hoc Jobs – in between Official Jobs or also overlapping 
 
 Packing and move coordinator (do not underestimate this very important role) 
 “Declutterer”: organizing yard sales and advertising through Craig list and FreeCycle 
 French teacher 
 Volunteer: docent, financial adviser, working women’s group coordinator, newsletter editor for the Diplomatic Spouses Association in Mexico (ACD), parent delegate at school, demolisher-constructor for Habitat for Humanity, … 
 Social agenda organizer 
 Travel and Holiday Guru 
 
 I will go in more details about them in a future post. 
 *EPAP: Expanded Professional Associate Program, in layman 's term the best job an EFM can get (about 186 in the world in 2015). 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Foreign Service  and tagged  CLO ,  Community Liaison Office ,  EFM ,  Eligible Family Member ,  EPAP ,  Family Liaison Office ,  FCS ,  FLO ,  Foreign Commercial Service ,  Foreign Service ,  job ,  jobs ,  USAID  by  travelingcat22 . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Category Cloud 
 500 words a day   Culture   Fitness   Foreign Service   Hungary   Mexico   Pakistan   Senegal   Travels   Uncategorized 
 Follow Culture Shock on WordPress.com 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
