nappyheadedjojoba 
 Hair, Beauty, WODs and Words. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Author: nappyheadedjojoba 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day ??? Let’s Just Say “Week 10” 
 March 7, 2017March 7, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  Leave a comment 
 Though things took a while to right themselves after  my last post , I am finally back on track! For real, this time! I told y’all about the whole mole situation, and not being able to work out because of sweat, and all. Well, I went for my follow up appointment the following weekend, and had to get  more  moles zapped, which meant another week of having to let the scabs heal, and having to avoid sweating. 
 Once that was over, I decided to revisit Lauren Brooks’ program in her book,  Kettlebells for Women . I did this entire 3 month program about two years ago. This time around, I’m only using the first month (or a portion of it), to help me ease back into exercise, since I’m essentially at square one again. 
 Continue reading -> 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 45(?) 
 February 15, 2017February 15, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  4 Comments 
 I’m beginning to suspect the universe is low-key conspiring against me. Except, really, I am the one to blame! 
 Last weekend  was supposed to be  my quick reset button/juice detox situation. Then, I realized that I have a cocktail show hosting gig this week, which obviously means drinking alcohol. Which obviously means I’d be  re  toxing within a day or two of  de  toxing. 
 Continue reading -> 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 39 
 February 9, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  2 Comments 
 My! I have not updated in a very long time! To make a long story short, I pretty much have to start over! I kind of blew it! More exclamations! 
 It hasn’t been a complete shit show (for example, I made paleo chicken roti in my Crock Pot for meals this week!), but I’ve been indulging in draaaaanks, and pretty much anything else I want- just not for  every single meal . 
 See, I went out of town for work at the end of January,  like I told y’all . Not too long after that, my birfday came up. And thus, I was officially and fully in Food Vacation mode. And, since then (the birthday was last week), I just haven’t made it enough of a priority to get back on an exercise schedule. 
 I also have to hit restart on my elimination diet.  Boo-urns . 
 So! This weekend. Juicing. Two days. (I think. I may decide to just do an all produce mini detox, instead.) From there, back to strict on the no sugar. The next week, I cut dairy. Then, the transition week from February to March will cut the grains, putting me back on my ideal way of eating, for the way my guts is set up. 
 The good news is, we’re not even halfway through this challenge, so I have a lot of time to make changes. I’m feeling excited to restore order, which is always good, though slightly fearful of the muscle soreness that’s in store for me. 
 Anyway. Here we go. Take 2! 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 17 
 January 18, 2017January 18, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  2 Comments 
 You got your good news, you got your bad news. And, by “you,” I’m really talking about me, because none of this affects you at all! 
 The good news is, this morning marked workout 10 of the 18 workouts in the 4 week  Fitness Is Function Bodyweight program  that I’m doing. The bad news is, the workouts are still boring as fuck,  because it 's the same goddamned moves every day , and worse still, now they’re  longer.  The average time went up from 35 minutes to 45, and there’s one on the horizon that’s over 50 minutes. Plus, weeks 3 and 4 have 5 workouts per week, instead of the 4 workouts in weeks 1 and 2. Ugh. 
 Worser. I’m going out of town on Saturday, for work, and I won’t be back until late next Wednesday. So, I have to shuffle around the workouts I’m going to miss, while I’m away, which cuts out my scheduled rest day this Friday. I’m making up one of the workouts I’ll miss before I leave, and the other one I’m making up after I get back. Double ugh.  Continue reading -> 
 #ProtectYaEnds Winter/Spring 2017 Kickoff! 
 January 15, 2017January 15, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  5 Comments 
 This is where I 'm hoping my hair will be, by the end of this. 
 Today, January 15th, kicks off the next round of my  #ProtectYaEnds  (or PYE, for short), protective style challenge. This round will run a whopping 6 months- TWICE as long as  the Autumn 2016 challenge . It begins today, and  ends on Saturday, July 15th 2017 . 
 RULES!   Continue reading -> 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 12 
 January 13, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  Leave a comment 
 We’re creeping our way through week 2, and today got off to a much better start than Tuesday. With the  4 week program I’m following , I had two glorious rest days (Sunday and Monday), and then had/have workouts for Tuesday, Wednesday, today and tomorrow. 
 Tuesday morning’s workout was #5 from the series, and the workout was LIKE 85% PUSH-UPS?! I’m fine with doing some push-ups, but by the time we got to our third push-up variation in a row (which would already be 9 sets of push-ups, since each exercise is done for 3 sets), I was wondering what in the  actual fuck  was going on with that workout. The trend continued, and I was fully pissed off by the end stretch. 
 There was one point where I said aloud to the television/my dog, “If the next move is push-ups, I shutting this shit off.” The next set, was, in fact, push-ups. I did not shut it off, because I ain’t no quitter, just an idle threat-maker. 
 Coming back from some delicious rest days to resuming workouts that I already dread, only to have the comeback be little more than a ridiculous series of over 150 push-ups in different variations was not a great start to my Tuesday. 
 Wednesday’s and today's workouts made up for it, in that they were far more varied. Wednesday's was some conditioning movements that helped me work up a decent sweat. Today's was a leg workout with some core work, and I'm fairly content to squat and lunge all day long. Real talk, though, I’m still thoroughly not enjoying this program and can’t wait to be done with it. Workouts #6 and #7 are good  when compared to workout #5  , but I will be perfectly happy to never do them again. 
 This series is just too boring. It’s obvious that they just recorded de Grasse doing 20-25 exercises for 3 sets each, and then edited them together in different sequences for each day. Now, that’s a solid way to build a program and progression, but it gets tedious extremely fast in a video format. I mean, you could’ve just written the shit down, man. Save us all a lot of aggravation. 
 But, I’m determined to get through these four weeks (I think! I may be a quitter after all!). So, onward we go, for now. I’ve managed to stay away from sugar without too much struggle. Now, I need to get more strict about cutting out the other stuff. I mean, I could say that I used this week to cut out soy, but I don’t really eat soy  anyway  , so I’m kind of juking the stats with that one. Next week, I’m going to get more strict with cutting dairy, which shouldn’t be too hard, since I barely eat that, too. 
 Can you tell that I’m procrastinating on cutting the grains, since that’ll be the hard one? 
 Everything I Did (And Did NOT) Do to Grow My Hair Over 25″ Long 
 January 8, 2017January 9, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  5 Comments 
 I've been sitting on this post since sometime last spring. But, here we finally are. In a video  that is currently uploading , as well as in the post below, I outline the top things that I did/do, and the things that I DIDN'T/DON'T do, to grow my kinky hair past 25 inches long. I'm not expert on hair, but I am an expert on  my hair . I figure, since people buy weave in lengths that are equivalent to my real hair's length, I've made significant progress in my growth quest. 
 A lot of the things I’m about to go through are going to be things you’ve heard before. Maybe even  all of them  will be things you’ve heard before. Or, some of them may be the  exact opposite  of what you’ve heard before. That’s kind of the problem with advice for growing out our ‘fros, or with the videos on YouTube about caring for afro-textured hair, in general. There will be people making points in complete opposition to one another, and it can be hard to figure out whose advice you should take. But, that actually brings me to my first point.  Continue reading -> 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 6 
 January 7, 2017January 7, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  3 Comments 
 Man, I 'm really going to miss my oatmeal! 
 Not bad at all, for the first week. Then again, I do still have a whole 'nother day to fuck it all up. 
 I don't think I will, though. I do feel like I'm "in the zone." It's a feeling I usually get when I'm super motivated with getting my health and fitness and life overall together. And, it's a feeling I never quite achieved in  Fuck Yeah Fall Fitness , which, paired with the puppy, fully explains my failure in that challenge. 
 Anyway. The workouts have been pretty boring, with the  Fitness Is Function bodyweight program  I'm following. So, that's a real drag. The workouts are just really repetitive, puzzle piecing the same handful of movements into slightly different sequences, day to day. 
 And, it's nearly all strength-based, with very little conditioning. The production value is pretty much nonexistent, and while the coach/instructor, Mark de Grasse is really knowledgeable, there's a lack of enthusiasm in his demeanor, which leads to a real dread factor each morning I have to put on my sports bra. I'll power through the next three weeks, in the hopes that the workouts might get a bit better, as they progress. But, spoiler alert: I will be very surprised if I ever do any of these workouts again, after the 4 weeks are up. 
 Meanwhile, I've planned an incremental approach to getting my diet back to being 100% on point, and it was a great decision. It's been so much more manageable. 
 I've cut the sugar, to start, because that's the worst thing of all. It's also  one of the fucking rules of this challenge . Then, week by week, I'll continue to eliminate the other things like soy, dairy and grains. Soy is super easy. Dairy is even pretty easy, for me. But, not going to lie, in this chilly weather, I've really been enjoying oatmeal at breakfast, with my eggs (only on workout days, though, to keep myself from overindulging in the carbs). Oatmeal and eggs is legit one of my favorite meals, so we'll see if there are any asterisks to keep them in rotation, once I cut out grains, for realsies… 
 Today was an awesome Saturday. A perfect blend of getting shit done, while also having time for a quick nap on the couch with the dog. Getting back into taking care of my diet and exercise has had a trickle down effect to taking better care of myself, overall. 
 I used today to do just that, and did some self care and errands/chores that were LONG overdue. I washed my makeup brushes. I returned some stuff to Nordstrom that I've been meaning to return for a while. I got my toes done (they were looking TRAGIC). And, I got my chocha waxed (was looking EQUALLY TRAGIC). 
 I'm planning to tidy up my vanity and do some skin pampering with a mask, as well, before I hit the sack. Man, it feels  soooo goood  to be looking after myself properly. I can't wait to see where I'm at after month one is done. 
 I sure would love a glass of wine right now, tho! 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 2 
 January 3, 2017January 3, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  2 Comments 
 This bowl of chili is a ghost. It was demolished shortly before this blog post. 
 I have to say, day 2 went much better than expected. On the other hand, the beginning is nearly always much easier than the  during . I’m happy to have the juice detox under my belt, I took some “before” pictures early this morning, and I’m generally feeling very excited to be taking care of myself, again. 
 I had scheduled a morning workout, knowing full well that there was a 97% chance that I wouldn’t actually do it until this evening. But, I got up around 6:45, took RayRay out for her usual first walk of the day, and rather than get back in bed, I thought about how much nicer it would be to come home from work tonight, knowing that I wouldn’t have to do a goddamned thing- that is, if  and only if  I just sucked it up, and did my wod there and then. 
 So I did. It wasn’t even awful! I’ve had this epiphany about morning workouts 423,231,945 times before, give or take, but if you just drag your ass out of bed and get it over with, it is ALWAYS worth it. Especially since I’m currently working out at home, which makes it even more doable. Let’s face it: Lying in bed for another 30 minutes isn’t ever going to make a positive difference in my energy level throughout the day. 
 I’m really going to work on forcing myself to get back in the habit of getting my workouts done before work, because by mid-morning, it’s like it never even happened! You don’t feel like you missed out on any sleep, plus, you get to enjoy your entire day without having a sweat session looming over your head, fucking up your opportunity to have a much nicer evening of watching YouTube videos and eating that batch of chili you FUCKING NAILED making yesterday- the aroma of which was still wafting through your apartment this morning, while you were doing bear crawls. Okay, for a lot of that, “you” is very clearly and specifically me, but me get the idea. 
 #UpYourGame 2017 - Day 1! 
 January 2, 2017January 2, 2017  /  nappyheadedjojoba  /  Leave a comment 
 And, we're off! I wound up deciding to use day 1 as a day to do a quick juice detox. You know- a "hard restart," but for my guts. I'm debating over doing a second day, since I do usually do 2-3 days. But, I'm heading back in to work tomorrow, and I'm far too busy feeling depressed that the holiday break is officially over to stack having to juice all day long on top of it. 
 I didn't work out today, on account of the juicing, but I just finished planning/scheduling my workouts for the next 4 weeks. It may require some tweaking in the 3rd and 4th week, since it's looking like I'll be heading out of town, for work. I'll worry about that later. 
 To keep things simple (I prefer workouts and programming where someone else just tells me what the fuck to do), I'm going to be trying out  Mark de Grasse's Fitness Is Function  4 week bodyweight program, which I downloaded about two years ago, and then NEVER DID IT. I also downloaded  the kettlebell one , and NEVER DID THAT ONE EITHER. 
 I was probably just too busy doing other workouts, because I had been working out consistently at the time, and kept it up until the dog came around. So, I guess I shouldn't feel too bad about letting these ones sit on  the shelf  my hard drive, collecting proverbial dust. Better late than never! 
 I'm also in the midst of making some turkey vegetable chili, at this very moment. It's simmering on the stove, the aroma taunting me, whilst I sip on green juice. With this batch of chili, dinner is sorted for the whole week in one fell swoop, which is super dope. 
 Breakfasts will be eggs, as usual, since that's all I ever seem to have time for (and, I often don't even have time for that). 
 Lunches will be salads and other healthful choices from places near work. I've got plenty of options. It's L.A. Ideally, I'll be brown bagging my lunch, once I get more on top of meal prep. 
 The primary objective is just to get back on a schedule, with my meals. I think the only reason my poor diet hasn't  completely  destroyed me is, I typically have only been able to have one or two meals, per day. I haven't had breakfast in weeks. Yesterday, I worked all day on my 2016 hair favorites video, and didn't eat until around 8pm at night. 
 I had a steak sandwich, in case you were wondering. Last hurrah, and all. 
 Oh, and since that mention of my last video segues so perfectly into a shameless plug, here it is: 
 Posts navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Newer posts -> 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The 411 on My Charlotte Tilbury "Pillow Talk" Eyeshadow Quad GRWM 
 #PowerClashing (A Summer Look Book) 
 My Stupid Basic Macros Log 
 Coconut Flour Paleo Pancakes (w. Banana, If You Know What's Up) 
 This Is Not a Paleo Turkey Vegetable Chili Recipe 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nikita on  This Is Not a Paleo Turkey Veg… 
 
 
 
 
 
 D Walker on  The 411 on My Charlotte Tilbur… 
 
 
 
 Shunte on  This Is Not a Paleo Turkey Veg… 
 
 
 
 
 Dae Hue  on  My Stupid Basic Macros Lo… 
 
 
 
 pursuitofnatural  on  Coconut Flour Paleo Pancakes (… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2019 
 June 2018 
 April 2018 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 #12DaysOfFitmas 
 #AWEgust 
 #JuicyInJuly 
 #JuicyInJune 
 #MBSChallenge 
 #SeptemberSHRED 
 #SnatchedForSummer 
 #UpYourGame 
 Beauty 
 Challenges 
 Diet & Nutrition 
 Fuck Yeah Fall Fitness Challenge 
 Hair 
 Health & Fitness 
 Protect Ya Ends Challenge 
 recipes 
 Style 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  nappyheadedjojoba  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
