Skip to primary content 
 Pastoring in a Small Town…and loving it! 
 Here's what I'm learning. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Introducing Andy 
 Rural Church Pastors Network 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Baptism - One of the Privileges of my Job 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   thinkingoutsidethetextbox 
 In our church tradition Believers Baptism is one of the highly celebrated steps of spiritual growth. Believers Baptism is a baptism that follows a person's repentance of their sins and a surrendering of their life to the Lordship of Jesus Christ. In our tradition we practice immersion. This is where we put the person completely under the water to symbolize a few things. It symbolizes a washing away of sins. It also symbolizes that we have died to  our own selfishness and have given Jesus Christ control of our life. I often joke that if I kept the person under the water long enough, they would be dead. And when they come out of the water I usually say, "Arise to a new life in Christ". In a sense, it is a personal resurrection a little like the resurrection of Jesus. 
 In our church, we baptize in the Bow River. We are only minutes away from the river so the whole church drives down after the morning service and watches as the person is dunked under the cold river water. And when the person comes up there is often cheering and congratulations offered to the person. This is a highlight for the whole church. 
 Just recently someone asked if they could be baptized. They thought I might want to wait a little though as the river is still very cold in April. As I was thinking of baptism I was thinking of the different people I have had the privilege of baptizing. There have been grandmas. There was one guy who was about 6 feet tall, with huge arms and tattoos all over his body. Another young man had been baptized as an infant but now wanted to be baptized as a believer in Jesus Christ and as a personal response to the love and forgiveness of Jesus. I have baptized youth. It was exciting to baptize my daughters! 
 Baptism is that moment when people declare their faith in Jesus and their commitment to live for him in a public way. I feel so privileged to be the one who gets to lead this ceremony from time to time! 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Baptism ,  Celebrate! ,  Rural Pleasures  and tagged  baptism ,  celebrating  by  thinkingoutsidethetextbox . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
