ibelivetoday 
 an ongoing journey of self discovery 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 @Energy Art 
 @me 
 
 Tag Archives: career stability 
 The awaited 'Promotion'= a distant dream? Are you sure you really want it??? 
 Posted on  April 16, 2013  by   AryaaAkshay 
 There can be such a big world inside of us & we may be completely unaware of it!! 
No wonder why Coaches are such a necessity today 🙂 
 Everyone of us, may think we know everything about our life but the truth is far off! We may think we want that promotion but may be the thought of that extra responsibility or spending more time at work is pulling us away.. 
 Do we know for ourselves, what is it that we exactly want? Do we really want that promotion? 
 What is it about your work that attracts you to it? 
 ~ The opportunity to help others 
~ Opportunity to specialise in your field 
~ The possibility of making relationships beautiful for you and others around you 
~ Growth aspects /learning and growth opportunities 
~ Supporting others in creating & overcoming challenges to lead a more fulfilling n challenging life 
~ Making money for yourself and others.. 
 The list could be long.. Could it be that your career is just a milestone in your life n not the entire journey? 
Where as many of our peers here are looking at stability, there could be many who want something more.. 
 May be we already have what we want! Yet we look at those who have stability and wonder if something's wrong with us? 
 Money, status, stability, property could be must have's for some people! For some others the thrill of moving, travelling, learning, constantly changing could be a must have!! 
 There's nothing wrong with changing careers or changing places or making moves constantly!! Making sure, your family (and most importantly your spouse) understands your need for change - it definitely is a 'must do' 
 Knowing what one wants - clearly & then going a step forward to communicating the same with important people in your life is very important for peace and happiness to prevail in your home 🙂 
 Can you pause for a minute & think for yourself, where are you fitting into this right now? 
And please take few more minutes to share with us your story!! 
 Love 
 Posted in  Creating Self Awareness  |  Tagged  career movements ,  career stability ,  change ,  communication ,  happiness ,  law of attraction ,  peace  |   Leave a comment 
 Visits to this blogsite 
 
 42,784 hits 
 
 Intuned 
 
 Intuned 
 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Stay Tuned by following this blog!! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,675 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Tags 
 abundance   alignment   art   authentic   beauty   Celebration   change   Choices   dreams   energy   gratitude   growth   joy   joys   life   love   movies   nature   peace   perception   perfection   Self Awareness   Self Confidence   self love   trust 
 My Recent Posts 
 
 Why would ya?? 
 Only If.. 
 The tussle 
 Is it hobby time for you YET?? 
 Coloured glasses 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
