[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Demand Marketing Manager 
 Bombora 
 Full time 
 Remote Remote 
 Jan 14 
 Bombora is the leading provider of B2B intent data,  bringing B2B marketing and sales teams insights about when their customers are actively in-market. The company - named a Gartner Cool Vendor, BuiltIn Top 100 Mid-sized Companies and Inc.5000 company - is growing on all fronts. Our marketing team is doing some exciting work and seeks an experienced and data-driven Demand Marketing Manager who can help us scale our results and increase marketing’s contribution to revenue. 
 As our  Demand Marketing Manager,  you’ll be a key contributor on the team that’s increasing the horsepower of our demand engine to support our growing sales team. You’ll bring your own ideas to the table and be the resident expert on generating new and engaging existing high-quality leads using the best strategies and tactics based on the data you collect. And, as a Bomborian, you’ll enjoy unlimited PTO, full benefits including matching 401k, generous parental leave policies, career development opportunities and more. 
 You will: 
 
 Design, plan, manage, and optimize integrated marketing programs that capture and nurture leads across multiple channels to generate sales-ready prospects and pipeline 
 Concept and create compelling content to engage prospects including: ebooks, whitepapers, webinars, videos, podcasts, infographics, etc. 
 Distribute content via an appropriate mix of the following primary channels: email, content syndication, PR, and cooperative marketing with partners 
 Work with digital campaign team to ensure alignment across SEM, retargeting, targeted social advertising, and programmatic display campaigns 
 Identify and monitor key metrics to evaluate and demonstrate program performance. Apply analytical insights and experience-based knowledge to optimize various touchpoints (website pages, landing pages, social messaging, ad copy, etc.) to increase engagement and conversion rates 
 Develop a deep understanding of Bombora’s ideal customer profile and key target personas based on funnel stages, assist with socializing understanding throughout the organization for purposes of strategy and prioritization. 
 The Demand Marketing Manager reports to the Sr. Director of Growth Marketing and Sales Development. You’ll work closely with our Digital Campaign Manager, content and social agency, in-house designers, event marketing, product marketing, customer marketing, and channel marketing team to ensure coherent messaging and pleasant experiences for all potential customers. 
 
 You are: 
 
 Extremely organized: you’ll be responsible for keeping many diverse balls in the air - and communicating with a geographically dispersed team 
 Flexible and optimistic, problem solver: you’re the person who calmly says “I’ll find a way” even when plans A and B get disrupted 
 Self-motivated and confident: comfortable making decisions independently based on data and your own qualifications 
 
 You have: 
 
 4-5 years’ experience planning and executing B2B-focused demand marketing programs 
 Strong skills and experience in common B2B demand gen tactics including: 
 content creation, SEO optimization, distribution, and syndication 
 webinar development, hosting, and promotion 
 email nurture and newsletter distribution 
 social media marketing and influencer engagement 
 Strong writing skills to engage audiences in a conversational yet informed voice, to be demonstrated through work samples 
 Strong communication and creative thinking skills, with an ability to use data to inform decisions 
 Superior organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple overlapping projects and relationships, set appropriate deadlines, and deliver on commitments 
 Proficiency with HubSpot, Google Suite, Microsoft Office Suite, and Zoom 
 Familiarity with Salesforce and Wordpress is a plus 
 Ability to evaluate, adopt and implement new tools or processes as needed 
 Bachelor’s degree preferred 
 
 Perks and Benefits: 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Health / Dental / Vision 
 Flexible Spending Account 
 Commuter Benefits 
 Unlimited Vacation / Paid Holidays 
 Education / Tuition Assistance 
 401K / Match 
 Generous Parental Leave 
 On-Demand Learning (Udemy) 
 Team Lunches / Outings /Events (Yes! We found a way to do virtually!) 
 Offices (for when you want one) 
 
 At Bombora, we embrace diversity because it breeds innovation.  Bombora is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. Employment offers are contingent upon completion of successful background checks. 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
  B  
 Bombora 
 Bombora is the leading provider of intent and demographic data for B2B sales and marketing. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Bombora is hiring a Demand Marketing Manager&url=https://workforthem.com/job/15833-demand-marketing-manager)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Bombora is hiring a Demand Marketing Manager&url=https://workforthem.com/job/15833-demand-marketing-manager&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
