  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Stirling 
 Rate:  12.86 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered  Staff  Nurse to work with on one of UK's leading healthcare provider. 
 As a staff Nurse you will be working in highly reputed service within the Bannockburn area . 
 The successful candidate will be offered an excellent salary of £ £12.86per hour plus other great benefits. 
 The care home is a large size  offering dementia, nursing, residential and end of life care. 
 The ideal candidate will be very confident and hardworking and will have the following skills which are essential for this role: 
 
 
     Must have experience with Dementia
 
 
 
     Good Nursing Experience
 
 
 
     Excellent Clinical Skills
 
 
 
     Able to write Care Plans
 
 
 
     Able to show Empathy and warmth
 
 
 
     Able to carry out general nursing tasks such as Peg feeding, wound care, phlebotomy etc.
 
 
 
 We're looking for a Registered Nurse with valid Pin number, knowledge of National Standards and NMC code of practice. 
 Not to mention a background in person centred care planning within a care home. 
 Beyond that, it's all about your brilliant, positive energy and natural ability to get along with people. 
 You'll be a great mentor who can manage time effectively and keep meaningful records. 
 And, whenever you communicate with a resident or co-worker, you'll be truly considerate and kind. 
 To be considered for this role you must be qualified as Nurse and have must be registered with NMC. 
 Reference ID:  3184 
 For more information please call Peter Fit on 0121 638 0567 or send your CV to   contact@jupiterrecruitment.co.uk  **** 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  12.86 
 
 
 Location:  Stirling 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3814 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-30 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse or Registered Nurse for Learning Disabilities 
 Deputy Ward Manager 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Ward Manager 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Home Manager 
 Home Manager 
 Home Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Staff Nurse 
 Endoscopy Nurse Practitioner 
 Theatre Recovery/Anaesthetic/Scrub Nurse 
 Theatre Nurse/ODP - Scrub 
 Deputy Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Psychologist 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
