  
 Young India Challenge 
 #DoWhatYouLove 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 What do you deserve from your job? 
 January 29, 2017  |  HumanCircle 
 There were times, in not so old world, when once you got a steady, average-income job, you thought that you’ve made it in your life. For the youth out there today, it’s intense. Only a paycheck won’t be enough. So what more do you deserve from your job? Following are ten things that you deserve from your job besides a paycheck: 
 
 A safe, pleasant environment 
 
 Environment plays a key role in your job. After all it would be your second home! A sense of safety and comfort at your work is vital to keep you going. Remember, your prime motto is to enjoy your hard work, and not to frame plans of how to escape this hell. 
 
 Opportunity to grow 
 
 If Life has to be defined in one word, the best suited would be ‘growth’. Your work life needs a constant growth too. Your passion at work won’t be the same, if you are asked to do the same kind of work for many years. You deserve growing space in your job as much as the fingers of a two year old. 
 
 Opportunity to showcase your talent/ skills 
 
 If you have talent and excellent skill set, you should have a platform to practice them as well. A job that doesn’t provide you ample opportunities to showcase your talent and the skills you possess is certainly undeserving. Don’t work only for capital, work to capitalize your potential. 
 
 Job satisfaction 
 
 In any way you have to work to make a living, so be sure that you invest your time and energy in something that leaves you satisfied at the end of the day. So many people live in unhappy circumstances at their job, just because they are conditioned to a life of security and monotony. Don’t do that to yourself. 
 
 Challenging circumstances 
 
 Added responsibilities, deadlines, meatier projects or some new job descriptions, your job should be challenging in one way or the other. The thrill of work shouldn’t die, especially when you are young. Take risks, take challenges, score big! 
 
 A balanced life 
 
 Work is important, but that won’t serve you as the sole key to happiness. You need to make time for your loved ones. Seek a job that is not damaging to the other half of your life. 
 
 Opportunity to learn 
 
 Learning is a choice, and life never stops giving you this choice. Your job should also give you opportunities to learn new skills, new ideas, new tactics or may be new languages. Welcome such opportunities with a smile. Remember: Learn new, Stay young! 
 
 Chance to explore 
 
 Your job should give you chances to explore different arenas of work life. You should have liberty to take some liberties with your job description, until and unless it will result beneficial to your work. 
 
 No TGIF 
 
 There are many people who start their weeks with Monday blues, sulk all Tuesdays and Wednesdays, spend Thursdays in anticipation and then at the end of Friday, they would be happy to get two days off. Definitely the five day routine is demanding, but living only to be alive on weekends, is not done. 
 
 Service to society 
 
 At the end of the day, try doing benefit to a greater cause of society through your work. Your job should add value to someone’s life, besides adding some to yours. Smile, and be a source of others’ smiles as well. 
 Before you disregard this as a description of a Utopian, unachievable job, let us tell you that in order to have this, you need to give the same amount of input. Invest in your personality, your skill set, your hard work and in your passion. It’s all there within you. 
 #DoWhatYouLove 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 February 2018 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Post navigation 
 « 
 » 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
