Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Service Ambassador - Casual 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Service Ambassador 
 Are you looking to work for a company committed to supporting their community? Interested in a role that helps people stay safe while getting the essentials they need? 
 The Service Ambassador provides a visible presence within the store and at entry points to help customers understand traffic flow and safety protocols. This role joins other employees in preventing loss through positive and engaged customer service. In addition, this position is responsible for greeting customers, answering questions, and providing a customer service handoff. The Service Ambassador will help ensure a positive customer experience while deterring opportunity for theft by physical presence and customer service. 
 The Service Ambassador will partner with store staff to ensure that all Loss Prevention programs are functioning. They will ensure that incidents of note are escalated to Loss Prevention Officers and report any observations to Loss Prevention or Store Management as appropriate. 
 Responsibilities include: 
Provide a professional and visible presence while greeting customers and responding with engaged positive customer service. 
Answer basic questions about the store, merchandise, and provide customer service by introducing customers to staff who have the expertise the customer needs. 
Prevent loss through positive customer service and safeguard customers, staff, and company assets. 
Proactively identify and address and report safety or security concerns. 
Observe LPOs as they make apprehensions, act as a witness, control bystanders, assist as directed. 
Assist staff when appropriate with tidying, collection of buggies, or any other duties which will improve the customer experience. 
Assess, plan, and act within policy and procedure to assist with location emergencies. 
Document incidents, take notes, write reports, and obtain witness information, as required and directed. 
Report weaknesses or anomalies in programs to LP Management. 
Report all losses and security or safety incidents. 
Report any policy breaches, procedural errors, or performance issues to LP management immediately. 
Liaison with police and other investigative entities as required. 
If called to be a witness, attend court and provide testimony as directed or requested by the Crown. 
 Education and Experience: 
Experience in providing positive customer service. 
Retail experience, an asset. 
Experience with conflict resolution, emergency situations, and first response is an asset. 
Industry relevant training and experience, an asset. 
Security training and experience is an asset but not required. 
First Aid and W.H.M.I.S. Training, an asset. 
High School diploma or equivalent education. 
 Skills: 
Ability to support store staff and others through emergencies or critical incidents. 
Ability to de-escalate difficult interactions or conflicts. 
Strong decision making skills. 
Ability to maintain a calm and professional approach to customer interactions. 
Ability to follow instructions to maintain basic equipment, apply labels, and verify security device function. 
Basic business computer skills (Windows, Microsoft Office, Outlook). 
Basic aptitude for communications equipment (two-way radios, mobile devices, and computer terminals). 
 Why work for us? 
 100% Canadian-owned retailer 
Established community partner 
Flexible and varied schedules 
Competitive pay that rewards strong and consistent performance 
A high-energy and varied workplace that strives for and rewards excellence 
 Apply Now! 
 London Drugs is an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
