Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 BAND 3 - Manager, Communications 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Please DO NOT apply for this position by submitting your profile on this BC Government Hiring Centre website. Applications must be made via the directions below. 
 Manager, Communications 
 BAND 3 
 Salary Range:  $76,200.06 - $ 107,800.00 per annum 
 Location:  Victoria, BC 
 It’s an exciting time for communications at the Office of the Auditor General of B.C. (OAG), as we refresh our communication approach and tools to support the vision of our new Auditor General, Michael Pickup. 
 Reporting to the Assistant Auditor General responsible for Critical Audit Support Services and working out of our downtown Victoria office, the Manager, Communications will lead (and contribute to building!) our communication team that provides strategic direction and beginning-to-end in-house web, writing, editing, digital/social media, graphic design, and visual-storytelling services (infographics, animation and video) that map against and add value to the OAG’s mission. 
 Driven by a commitment to customer service, continuous improvement, fresh ideas and measurable results, and respect for professional standards, legislation and principles of administrative fairness, the communication team – lead by the Manager, Communications – is responsible for: 
 Audit report production including structural and writing advice to audit teams and executives, substantive editing, proofreading, pagination (document design), and highlight materials 
Communication planning and development of tactical tools and guidelines for consistency and efficiency 
Multi-channel, multi-media audit report / findings distribution (including web, social media, and events) and ancillary content that drives understanding, action, and awareness 
Internal communications support including executive messaging, town hall events, health and wellness programs, learning development, and change management exercises 
Building and nurturing strategic communication partnerships with media, influencers, and key stakeholders to signal boost the OAG’s effort and open channels for public consultation 
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE & KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES 
 This role is well suited for a dynamic team leader with: 
Contagious enthusiasm for communication principles, theory, technology, and breakthroughs 
A diploma, bachelor’s degree or master’s degree in a related field such as communications, public relations, marketing, digital arts or journalism 
Minimum 3 years experience practicing advanced technical skills in any of the following: writing, social media marketing, web design, graphic design, and/or video production/animation 
Minimum 3 years recent experience leading, developing, and motivating creative professionals (writers, social media managers, graphic designers, web developers, videographers, etc.) 
Minimum 3 years recent experience developing strategic communication and/or marketing plans using performance metrics to adjust and improve approach 
Demonstrated track record for building consensus and championing positive change in a large, multi-faceted organization 
 PROVISO 
 Successful completion of a criminal record check is required 
 ABOUT US 
 Located in downtown Victoria, the Office of the Auditor General of British Columbia has been recognized as a leader for excellence in promoting effective and accountable government. Our audit insights and recommendations support transparency and help guide decisions and continuous improvement in the B.C. Public Sector. 
 The Office offers a comprehensive salary and benefits package, pension plan, flexible work arrangements, and a strong team environment. 
 We’re committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and respectful workplace. 
 For more information about the work we do, please visit www.bcauditor.com. 
 Please send a cover letter, resume, and completed Qualifications Matrix to hr@bcauditor.com with “Manager, Communications Competition” in the subject line. 
 Email applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM PST 06 December 2020. 
 For more information, contact Sheila Dodds, Assistant Auditor General at sdodds@bcauditor.com with “Manager, Communications Competition” in the subject line. 
 Attachments 
 Job Profile 
Qualifications Matrix 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
