[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 New Work at home Job Openings 
 Published by  aw1219  on June 6, 2018 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Today, I have researched the latest work at home job listings from legitimate employers and companies that you may be familiar with that are currently hiring remote workers to make and take phone calls, update customer accounts, take customer orders, answer questions, rate and review search engine results and other related duties. Once you have selected a job or jobs that you have some skills, interest or prefer working be sure to apply as soon as possible. 
 Please keep in mind that employers may have a lot of other candidates to look over and screen so it may takes a few days or even weeks to hear back from a particular company. In the meantime, keep looking, applying and sign up for short-term gigs that will help you to earn some extra income. My favorites are:  Clickworker ,  Humanatic ,  Mturk ,  PrizeRebel ,  InstaGC , the  Ibotta app ,  Ebates ,  Bankrolll Bucks  and  Swagbucks  just to name a few. You can find more by visiting this page. 
 Take advantage of all money-making opportunities and continue to use them in your spare time even if you land a work at home job. When you get hired, please let our  FB Group  know so that we can congratulate you properly. You can join our official  Workersonboard Facebook Group . Visit our  Amazon page  for all your work at home essentials for your home office. 
 New Work at home Job Openings for 6/6/2018 
 Customer Service Rep 
 Gear Launch is hiring agents to respond to all customer inquiries, complaints, and other related duties. Requires customer service experience, multitasking skills and have a headset with microphone and a computer with reliable internet connection in your home office. Hiring in select states. 
 Customer Service Advocate 
 Dialog Direct is hiring individuals to answer incoming calls and assist customers as needed. Requires a typing speed of 25 wpm with 90% accuracy, 1 year customer service or sales experience, computer knowledge and good communication. Full time. 
 Customer Service 
 Randall-Reily is hiring agents to provide quality of service for their clients and customers for the ridesharing and semi-truck driving industries. You must be able to read and follow a script, have strong phone communication skills and a  USB port  for a headset. Pays $9 per hour plus commission. You will train onsite for 1 day. 
 Home Rep 
 Pinseeker Search is currently seeking candidates to resolve customer issues over the phone and/or by email. You will need 2 years related experience, be familiar with Google Apps, and can work odd days and hours. Pays $14.50 per hour. Online training for 2-3 months. 
 Inbound Retail Sales 
 
 Conduent has immediate openings for home agents to support their customers and provide solutions to their product needs and orders. Requires 6 months experience interacting with customers, can handle multiple computer applications, understand the concept of navigating the web, downloading music and have smartphone, tablet, Mac or PC experience. Pays $12 per hour during training with benefits. 
 Telephone Interviewer 
 G1 Research is seeking independent contractors to work from home as a telephone interviewer conducting surveys with others and recording their answers. You will receive a bonus for each completed survey. You will need good computer skills, can type proficiently, a laptop, telephone headset and internet access. Pays $10 to $15 per hour. 
 Customer Service Rep 
 Slingshot is hiring reps to provide top notch service to their customers by phone and live web chat, schedule appointments and connect them with their in-house pest specialists. You must live in Utah, be friendly, and care for people, have good communication and can work 35 hours a week. Pays $10 to $13 per hour. 
 Online Map Quality Analyst 
 Lionbridge has openings for candidates who can work from home 20 hours a week evaluating online mapping related information. You will need good research skills, be fluent in English, know how to use online maps, and an understanding of local and national geography. 
 Order Processing Associate 
 Warby Parker is seeking agents to ensure the customer orders are processed efficiently on a daily basis. You will interact with customers via email to clarify or obtain missing order information. You must be able to work 12 up to 29 hours per week and train onsite at their Nashville office for 2 weeks. 
 
 Roadside Assistant Agent 
 Uhaul is seeking agents to take back to back incoming calls diagnosing mechanical issues and arrange service for that customer. You must enjoy helping people, communicate efficiently through instant messenger, and have a good understanding of US geography. You will need a  USB headset  with a microphone. This is a seasonal work at home job working up to 40 hours a week. 
 Inbox Dollars 
 Get paid to read emails, take surveys online, play games, and go shopping! Plus receive $5 cash bonus just for joining. 
 Pinecone Research 
 Get paid $3 per survey plus get free products to try and keep in your home. 
 Qmee 
 
 Get paid to browse the web, visit websites, take surveys and more. 
 Earnably 
 Get paid PayPal cash or free gift cards to complete short tasks, watch videos, download apps, and more. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  fresh work at home job listings 
 Tags:  fresh work at home jobs the latest work at home job listings work at home job openings work from home job listings 
           
 
 4 Comments 
   
 Darlene Adele Curry  * June 6, 2018 at 11:10 pm 
 Hi, 
Every time I see Pinecone on the internet. 
I sign up.I never get get s reply.The only th ok my I get is.We are not taking any one now.Any one can do a survey.Please answer my 
email. 
Thanks,Darlene 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 aw1219  * June 7, 2018 at 8:31 pm 
 Sometimes it could be to demographics but this link for Pinecone Research is for the general population so you should have a greater chance getting approved to be a member by joining  here . Let me know if it works. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 Mama211  * October 13, 2018 at 5:00 am 
 Is G-1 Research a real gig? I can't seem to find any information or reviews about this company. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 aw1219  * October 15, 2018 at 12:28 pm 
 Thank you for your question. Yes it is. There has been discussion about it on our FB Group which you can  join here  (if you like). A couple of people talked about the hiring process and the nature of the job as well. I believe this particular company hires pretty fast. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,475 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 %d bloggers like this: 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
