Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Superintendent Procurement 
 Atlantic Gold 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 This role encompasses the leadership of Procurement, Inventory, Logistics, Warehousing and Contract Management for the Atlantic Site. 
Based at our Touquoy Operations 
5 days on, 2 days off roster; drive in / drive out (own transport required) 
 Atlantic Gold is a wholly owned subsidiary of St Barbara Limited, an ASX listed gold producer and explorer with mining assets in Canada, Australia and Papua New Guinea. We are proud to be a Company recognised by industry awards for operational excellence and performance, sustainability, gender diversity and pay equity. 
 We seek an experienced professional to fill the role of Superintendent Procurement. 
 This permanent and full time position is based at the Touquoy mine site located approximately 1-hour northeast of Halifax, near Middle Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia. The mine is fully permitted and began production in fall 2017. 
 Our Superintendent Procurement will join a dedicated Supply Chain team. Reporting to the Manager Finance and Admin, your role will encompass the leadership of Procurement, Inventory, Logistics, Warehousing and Contract Management for the Atlantic Site. 
 The Opportunity 
 Project Managing the ERP System improvement initiatives and is responsible for ensuring the System functions in a way that allows for procure to pay, inventory management, and receipt and issue of goods. 
Undertaking higher value contract Projects in line with Group Procurement and facilitating the front to end process with market testing, evaluation, negotiation and award. 
Guiding the Procurement Team through the contract process for smaller dollar value projects. 
Coach the Business Partners (Departmental) on the contract process and scope development for the competitive bidding process. 
Reviewing and approving documentation submitted by team members. 
Advising the Business regarding procurement activity required for the Justification For Capital process and sign off thereof. 
Responsible for Inventory count process in compliance with Financial requirements. 
Functional oversight over all goods and service Procurement activity for Atlantic Gold. 
Ensuring that all inventory items including critical spares are replenished and stocked in a timely fashion and in line with the requirement noted by the Business. 
Ensuring that Inventory pricing is market tested through the fixed price agreement process 
Functional knowledge of Mine Operations and processing plants for the mining sector. 
Managing outputs and development of the team and all Team Members. 
 Our successful candidate will demonstrate the following: 
A personal commitment to behavior consistent with St Barbara's Values including honesty and integrity, respect, working together, delivering to promise and striving to do better 
At least 10 years relevant Purchasing experience 
At least 10 years relevant Contract Negotiation experience 
At least 10 years relevant Inventory Management experience 
At least 5 years relevant experience in Mining Sector. 
Must have valid driver's license and own reliable transportation. 
 About Us 
 'Grow our own Success' approach with a preference to develop and promote internally 
Developed and structured professional development opportunities and educational assistance 
Competitive compensation, health benefits and RRSP matching program 
2020 PDAC Viola R. MacMillan Award recipients for developing the Touquoy open pit mine and consolidating other gold deposits near Moose River 
Be a part of the high performing St Barbara community - a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and Employer of Choice. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer committed to employment equity and encourage applications from women, aboriginal peoples and members of visible minorities and we provide nil gender pay gap in like for like roles and a commitment to addressing pay equity and gender equality through our recruitment, promotions, reward and recognition programs. 
 Members of the Mi’ kmaq community are encouraged to self-identify in your cover letter. 
 For further information about St Barbara visit https://stbarbara.com.au/careers/ 
 Please understand that screening and interviewing may take place prior to the advertised close date. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
