Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Licensed Practical Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
The Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) provides safe and effective nursing care according to Alberta Health Services (AHS) policies, procedures and nursing standards. Working within the full scope of practice, the LPN assesses, observes, monitors, reports, and documents changes in the client's physical, mental, and emotional state, assists the client with activities of daily living and provides the client and family with relevant information and teaching. The LPN provides teaching, support and assignment of care to other team members. The LPN is responsible to collaborate as a member of the health care team within and outside of AHS, delivering consistent quality care, to meet the needs of the client. This position will be based out of the Fort Saskatchewan Home Care office, but will provide support to home care's Suburban/Rural East team, which will include travel to the other home care network offices, as required. 
 Description: 
As a Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN), you are part of an interprofessional health care team utilizing nursing processes, critical thinking, problem solving and decision making skills. You will be guided by your education, experience, demonstrated skill level and AHS policies and procedures. You will play a key role in providing safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Licensed Practical Nurse 
 Union:  AUPE AUX 
 Department:  HC Home Nursing Strathcona 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Comm Hosp 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.40 
 Posting End Date:  10-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp P/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  20-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  16-DEC-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  24 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $26.45 
 Maximum Salary:  $34.63 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Driver's License, Vehicle Required 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Licensed Practical Nurse education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Licensed Practical Nurses of Alberta (CLPNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Previous experience as an LPN is required. Computer experience including word and outlook is required. The ability to balance numerous demands and conflicting priorities is essential. The candidate must be able to problem solve situations in a complex environment, work effectively within a team setting and contribute to patient/client planning processes. Excellent communication skills, a compassionate and caring attitude, and attention to detail are necessary. The successful candidate will work independently in clients’ homes, which could include single family dwellings, condominiums, and/or walk-up apartments. Therefore, the successful candidate must be able to work in different settings and environments (home environments and weather conditions), as well as be able to lift and carrying medical bags, which weigh approximately 25-30 lbs. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Home Care experience preferred. Meditech experience will be an asset. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
