Skip to content 
  Work At Home Power  
 Make Life A Little Less Stressful & Save The Commute! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Remote Jobs 
 Mystery Shopping 
 Side Hustles 
 Start A Blog 
 Contact 
 About 
 Newest Job Leads 
 
 Newest Job Leads 12/23/2020 
 December 29, 2020 by  workathomepower 
 Rivals Group: Customer Service Representative 
 Responsibilities and goals: 
 Respond to and resolve customer queries through email, chat, phone, and replying to customers in a timely, friendly, and efficient manner. 
Facilitating end customers through our 365-day long returns process. 
Work directly with our client reps to make sure end customers are happy with their orders and overall experience. 
Assist in creating first-class Help Knowledge-Base documentation 
Increase customer satisfaction and build loyalty by providing amazing, personal customer support. 
Help to develop the customer support profession through sharing knowledge, contributing to blog posts, experimenting with new innovations, and discussing best practices. 
Escalate critical support issues to the appropriate internal channel 
 Experience and requirements: 
 1+ years in online customer support, or admin, preferably within the eCommerce space, with prior experience with help desk software such as GrooveHQ, ZenDesk, Intercom, SalesForce, or HelpScout, etc. 
Required understanding and experience of GoogleApps - Gmail, Google Calendar, Sheets, Docs 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to solve problems logically and critically 
Demonstrate effective time management and organizational skills 
A strong understanding and working knowledge of the internet and technical concepts (eg. you understand the terms HTML, browser cache, .zip files, etc) 
Prior experience with the applications Slack, Droplr, Evernote are a plus. 
Overall awareness of independent music culture, fashion and merchandise is also a plus. 
 Qualifon:  Part Time Customer Service Representative $12.32 per hour 
 Answer incoming calls and assist customers 
Research information in databases to resolve customer issues 
Maintain composure in escalated situations 
Operate accurately and efficiently in a fast-paced environment 
Handle multiple responsibilities at one time 
 GED or High School Diploma required; some college preferred 
Prior work-at-home experience desired 
Comfortable working self-managed 
Minimum one-year previous customer service/sales experience required 
Typing speed of 25 WPM with 90% accuracy required 
Ability to multi-task efficiently 
Computer knowledge in Windows-based application required 
Strong ability to communicate articulately and succinctly both verbally and in writing 
Manages emotions and maintains positive energy 
Passion for meeting or exceeding performance goals 
 Categories  Daily Work At Home Job Leads ,  Job Leads ,  workathomepower  Tags  chat ,  customer service ,  customer service jobs ,  data entry ,  email support ,  extra income ,  nursing jobs ,  remote ,  side hustles ,  work at home jobs ,  work from home virtual jobs  Post navigation 
 Newest Job Leads 12/29/2020 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Daily Job Leads 1/17/2021 
 Order Your Color Street Valentine Nail Sets Today! 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 
 (C) 2021 Work At Home Power • Built with  GeneratePress 
