Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Device Reprocessing Clerk - VH SPD 
 Victoria Hospital 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Period 
 Open:  November 13, 2020 
 Deadline:  November 19, 2020 
 COPE 
 This position is covered by a collective agreement. Applications from outside the bargaining unit are welcome but can only be considered if the position is not filled from within this bargaining unit. 
 Department Name 
 VH SPD 
 The Medical Device Reprocessing Clerk is responsible for instrument data maintenance and clerical support to the Medical Device Reprocessing Team. 
 Rate of Pay:  $21.816 per hour - $23.612 per hour 
 Hours of Work:  37.5 Hours per week 
 Qualifications 
Successful completion of a Medical Device Reprocessing Certificate 
Previous experience with Medical Device Reprocessing preferred 
Proficiency in Proficient computer skills including Microsoft Office Suite, Photoshop, and relevant software 
Excellent attention to detail 
Demonstrated ability to problem solve, organize and prioritize work 
Able to work independently with minimal direction 
Demonstrated ability to work well and independently with minimum supervision in a team environment 
Demonstrated commitment to the principles of patient and family centered care 
Demonstrated knowledge of and commitment to patient and staff safety 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to LHSC’s Mission, Vision and Values 
Demonstrated ability to attend work on a regular basis 
 Immunization Requirements: 
Provide vaccination records or proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chicken pox), Hepatitis B, Tetanus/ Diphtheria/Polio; Meningitis. 
Provide documentation of the Tuberculosis skin testing (two step) 
 We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. LHSC is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and LGBTQ2+ persons. We are committed to providing persons with disabilities equal opportunities and standards of goods and services, and are also fully compliant with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005), as applicable. 
 As part of the assessment process applicants may be required to complete a written examination or test. Please be advised that a reference check may be conducted as part of the selection process. 
 Your interest in this opportunity is appreciated. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Successful candidates, as a condition of job offer, would be required to provide a satisfactory police information check (original document) completed in the last 3 months. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
