Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Propagation Technician 
 Tilray 
 __Petrolia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 High Park Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Propagation Production Technician - Petrolia 
 Reporting to the Propagation Supervisor, the Propagation Production Technician will be responsible for successfully learning the Upstream Propagation Production Program (Core Skills & Competencies) while working alongside experts within 12-18 months of continuous employment. 
 Role and Responsibilities 
Taking direction from the Propagation Supervisor, Propagation Production Lead, and Production Supervisors to learn how to prepare for events before and after each major activity in the Upstream Propagation Production Program 
Learn and implement SOP and GMP compliance 
Learn how to safely and effectively set-up, operate and take-down all sanitation equipment 
Learn how to sanitize and set up all production materials required for all IPM Tasks 
Learn how to expedite Root ball removal as per direction from IPM Supervisor 
Ability to be directed in taking cuttings 
Ability to be directed in prepping cuttings for sticking 
Make up clone trays 
Ability to be directed in moving out clones from clone room and starter plants from 1.1 
Ability to be directed to plant clones into starters in 1.1 
Lay out 4” cubes 
All other requests that help with process flow of the facility 
Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Grade 12 diploma is an asset 
Horticulture experience is an asset 
Propagation experience and asset 
Experience in a regulated and highly compliant environment is desired (ie. food industry, pharmaceutical) 
Basic computer skills considered an asset 
Capable of multi-tasking with minimal supervision 
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment 
Must have the ability to obtain A/RPIC status as per Health Canada’s Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations 
High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. In an effort to coordinate services, High Park Farms has partnered with Lambton College Community 
Employment Services for the pre‐screening process. All Information shared will remain confidential. If you do not wish to have your information shared please note that on your application. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
