Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Barista/store associate 
 cafe cristal 
 __Barrhaven, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 We are hard working and Fast paced independent café. We are looking for a Barista and team associate to join our team. 
 Job Types: Permanent , Full Tim, Part-time positions , casual on call positions available 
 Shifts include : Friday 3pm to 7 pm, Friday 7 pm to 11pm, Saturday 9 am to 3 pm, Saturday 3pm to 7pm, Saturday 7pm to 11pm, Sunday 3pm to 8pm 
 Weekday Monday to Friday: 9 am to 3pm, 7 am to 3pm, 7 am to 12 pm, 9 am to 12pm, 12pm to 3pm. 3 pm 10 pm, 3 pm to 7 pm, 7 pm to 10 pm 
 You must indicate in your application the shifts that you can work . 
 The right applicant must have a positive attitude, be enthusiastic, responsible, motivated, energetic and friendly. Hard working individual that is knowledgeable, passionate and driven to provide excellent customer service. Availability to work evenings and weekends is necessary. 
 Responsibilities/Requirements: 
 - Follow operational procedures and policies for customer service, cash handling and coffee service. 
 - Prepare and serve hot and cold drinks such as teas, iced drinks, specialty coffees like espressos, cappuccino, café latte including art latte technique. 
 - Provide prompt and courteous service to all customers. 
 - Maintain a clean and sanitized work station and follow health regulations. 
 - Ability to stand for long hours, and ability to lift up to 20 lbs when reacquired. 
 -  Make beverages in a busy high pace patisserie/café environment. 
 - Preparation of food such as crepe, waffles, and sandwiches. 
 - General cleaning and maintenance of the cafe and kitchen 
 - Perform opening , restock and closing duties. 
 - Handling cash register and perform the cashier duties 
 - Contribute to a positive team environment, work well individually and as part of the team. 
 -  Must be punctual, consistent and have great communication skills. 
 - Be tidy and self disciplined, detailed oriented and passionate about our product quality and customer service. 
 C  ANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Excellent customer service and organizational skills 
 Pleasant manner and excellent communication skills (written and spoken English) 
 Thorough and detailed oriented 
 Ability to work independently with minimal supervision 
 Must have a valid Canadian Work Permit 
 Must have a high level of attention to detail and be meticulous in store cleaning and maintenance. 
 Able to stand, walk and bend during the shift hours 
 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.00-$14.75 per hour 
 Only serious applicant apply 
 Job Types: Contract, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.25-$14.75 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Tips 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Smart Serve, SIR or equivalent (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
