Skip to content 
 Grofar 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Complete Careers Management 
 Tag: Careers Service 
   
 CASE STUDY: The Orchard School, Bristol 
 December 13, 2016   grofarwebsite 
 Why did you choose Grofar? 
 
 " I needed a tool that could automate time consuming activities such as gathering business contacts and manage administrative processes" 
 
 After joining the school and taking over the role of Careers Co-ordinator a year ago; I soon found myself swamped with paperwork. Stacks of documents and folders made information difficult to manage. 
 Being able to quickly refer to student records and having notes on hand when students walk into my office is important. I wanted to store all information in one place so that it was easily accessible to other members of staff in the school. I was looking for a system that would record details of meetings with businesses and allow me to quickly reference contacts and services. 
 I needed a tool that could automate time consuming activities such as gathering business contacts and manage administrative processes such as scheduling meetings and planning events. My main objective is to focus my attention better and spend less time on administration. 
 How are you using Grofar to support your CEIAG programme? 
 
 " I am able to identify students with low activity, highlighting those at risk and who may need extra support" 
 
 My first priority was to create a careers plan using the wizard. This enabled me to approve my strategy for the year. I have created a document not only for personal reference but as a source to share with SLT and governors. There is a website version of the careers plan which we will use to keep parents informed of our careers service provision. 
 Grofar allows me to track student careers activity. What is also helpful is being able to identify students with low activity, highlighting those at risk and who may need extra support. 
 Grofar is great for organising careers events for students. I can invite targeted groups of students to events and manage responses and attendees online. Grofar identifies which students need chasing and provides me with tutor details. After each event, I send out the online feedback form so that I know how well the event was received. The feedback helps me to decide which events to invest resource on and better understand the student’s needs. 
 Previously I stored all business contacts in a large spreadsheet. I have imported these into Grofar where I can easily manage the services that businesses provide to the careers service. I can record a complete log of engagements students have with businesses. 
 Which features stand out for you? 
 
 " I don’t have to enter students manually and I know the information is always up-to-date." 
 " The student passport is great for engaging students and keeping them informed of events and activities." 
 
 I like the fact that student information is synced with the school SIMS system. I don’t have to enter students manually and I know the information is always up-to-date. Target groups are imported for me so I can arrange events and direct information at groups of students easily. 
 The student passport is great for engaging students and keeping them informed of events and activities. I am able to see the resources that students view and how they rate them so I can target them with even more relevant information. 
 The business and alumni databases particularly stand out. I am aware of the value that building a network of contacts who can provide services to the careers service can offer. I like the fact that we can invite business and alumni to the school network and they can manage their own profiles. 
 How has your experience been? 
 
 " Grofar is user friendly and I have found it easy to navigate around the system." 
 
 Grofar is user friendly and I have found it easy to navigate around the system. Whenever I have needed help, someone from the Grofar support team has always been on hand to guide me through the necessary steps. 
 Grofar is a large system that provides a great deal of functionality. I started with the basics and am now starting to use more features as I need them. 
 What are the benefits for students? 
 
 " The action plans help students to identify skills they need to work on and set goals to achieve them." 
 
 I like the fact that students take ownership over aspects of their own careers development. The action plans help students to identify skills they need to work on and set goals to achieve them. 
 It is much easier to reach all students and keep an eye on activity. Students have access to a library of careers resources and a noticeboard for event and activity updates. Students have direct access to the careers service and can message me for advice at any time. 
 Most students find it hard to recall experience when it comes to writing personal statements and application forms. It is really useful to have a log of activity and skills development which they can refer to when applying for FE courses or apprenticeships. 
 What are the benefits to the school? 
 
 " I am happy we will always be 'OFSTED' ready" 
 
 I provide the school SLT and governors with a careers plan so they are informed of the careers service provision for the year. We have agreed budget, CPD and leadership meetings to ensure proper management of the careers service. 
 By keeping all our information in Grofar and by using the tools they provide, I am happy we will always be 'OFSTED' ready and can easily demonstrate the service and careers guidance we are providing to our students. 
 We now have a platform for measuring the impact and effectiveness of external providers so we can work out whether the school is getting good value for money. The careers service can provide more support to students with the resources available and I am able to put in place a legacy going forwards. 
 The careers service can provide more support to students with the resources available. I am putting in place a legacy so that going forwards, changes to the careers service team will not affect the service that is provided. 
 Posted in  Case Study Tagged  Bristol ,  Careers Service ,  Case Study ,  CEIAG ,  SLT 
 Grofar selected for BETT Futures 
 October 24, 2016   grofarwebsite 
 At Grofar, we are honoured to be selected for  BETT Futures , the ‘home for the world’s most inspiring edtech startups’. Grofar fulfils a long term ambition to help improve the careers service in schools and raise student aspirations. Grofar was founded by members of the trusted, award-winning team that created  Schoolcomms . 
 Extensive research performed by Grofar identified how important (and often undervalued) the careers service is within schools and how tough a careers leader’s role can be. 
 The Careers Guidance Management Solution, was born to save Careers Leaders time by significantly reducing administrative burden. Grofar is an all-in-one software solution that manages all the complicated processes performed by school careers services. To this end, Grofar has been a ‘game-changer’ in pioneering a new solution to evidence CEIAG and improve student outcomes. 
 Over the course of the BETT show we will demonstrate how to use Grofar to meet  Statutory Guidance , satisfy  Ofsted  and achieve the  Gatsby Benchmarks . 
 Grofar are excited also to be launching our new Employer Engagement platform at BETT. "Employers can offer a wide range of valuable services and resources to schools. Employers want to offer these services and support their communities but lack an easy means. We have created a simple solution to empower both schools and employers and provide full circle engagement", explains managing director James Robertson. 
 Posted in  Press Tagged  aspirations ,  BETT ,  Careers Guidance Management Solution ,  Careers Leaders ,  Careers Service ,  CEIAG ,  edtech ,  Employer Engagement ,  Schoolcomms ,  schools ,  software solution ,  student outcomes 
   
 ‘Careers advice should be a core part of a young person’s schooling’ 
 July 13, 2016   grofarwebsite 2 Comments 
 This week the Government’s Commons Sub-Committee on Education, Skills and the Economy  concluded  that the lack of good careers provision in schools in England was harming young people’s job choices and having a detrimental effect on the economy. 
 In a report, MPs said: "We recommend that Ofsted introduce a specific judgement on careers information advice and guidance for secondary schools, and set clear criteria for making these judgements." 
 "The Common Inspection Framework should be amended to make clear that a secondary school whose careers provision is judged as 'requires improvement' or 'inadequate' cannot be judged as 'outstanding' overall." 
 "Likewise a secondary school should be unable to receive an overall judgement of 'good' if its careers provision is judged to be 'inadequate'." 
 This is a crucial time for schools in England to ensure that their careers advice service is fit for purpose. At Grofar we understand the importance of this and the impact that good careers advice has on student’s futures. Running an effective careers service is time consuming and labour intensive – this is where we can help! 
 Grofar is a complete careers administration solution, available to schools from just £495 per annum. Grofar manages careers service processes and provides a central location for all careers information. Grofar is the solution for schools who want to improve the careers service they offer to students and maximise their staff potential. 
 Speak to a member of our friendly team for further information by emailing  info@grofar.com . To sign up to a no obligation 30-day free trial please visit  www.grofar.com . 
 Posted in  Press Tagged  Advice ,  Careers ,  Careers Leaders ,  Careers Service ,  CEIAG ,  Common Inspection Framework ,  Commons Sub-Committee on Education ,  Economy ,  Good Careers Guidance ,  Ofsted ,  Skills ,  Statutory Guidance 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
