Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Faculty Position, School of Social Work, McMaster University 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 McMaster University’s Faculty of Social Sciences invites applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the School of Social Work, located on the main university campus to begin on July 1, 2021. 
 Applicants must have an area of specialization in direct social work practice using one or some of the following approaches in their work: critical race, anti-racist, anti-Black racist, decolonizing, land-based, environmental justice and/or harm reduction. Practice areas include, but are not limited to: disability, mental health, substance use, child welfare and practice with 2SLGBTQ+ individuals, as well as with seniors or youth. We welcome candidates who have experience engaging in direct practice with individuals, groups and families in a broad range of settings including community-based organizations, child welfare, hospitals and schools. Lived experience in Black, Indigenous and/or communities of People of Colour is an asset. Priority will be given to candidates whose teaching and research has significant potential to contribute to improving anti-racist, anti-Black racist and decolonizing micro practice approaches. 
 The successful applicant must have a social work degree in addition to having or be very near completion of a PhD in Social Work or a related discipline by the time of appointment, and a minimum of 3 years of post-MSW experience in practice with individuals, families and/or groups. The applicant must also demonstrate a record of excellence in teaching and research and a willingness and ability to contribute to the department’s collegial and collaborative intellectual community as well as university-wide inclusive excellence goals and priorities. The successful applicant will be able to contribute in the undergraduate and graduate programs and to graduate supervision. They will be developing independent programs of research, building links with relevant justice and equity-seeking community and professional groups, and communicating the results of their work in both peer reviewed and non-peer reviewed publications and in community based, professional and academic settings. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. McMaster has a vision to achieve international distinction for creativity, innovation and excellence as a student-centred, research-intensive university. McMaster’s Faculty of Social Sciences comprises over 130 faculty members advancing education and research in collaboration with one or more of the Faculty’s 13 schools, departments and program areas. Its disciplines are preparing societal leaders to respond to economic, political and cultural shifts in Canada and abroad. Discover more about the Faculty of Social Sciences and the City of Hamilton. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengths our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey as part of the application process. It takes approximately two minutes to complete. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. Inquiries about the Diversity Survey may be directed to hr.empequity@mcmaster.ca. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean of Faculty of Social Sciences at 905-525-9140 ext. 26156 or admstsoc@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How To Apply 
 Please submit the following materials to Professor Saara Greene through the University’s electronic portal: www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/[Job Opening #34536] by October 31st, 2020: 
 a letter of application together with a curriculum vitae describing the impact that career interruptions have had on research productivity, a research statement including a selection of research publications, and a statement on teaching interests and philosophy (including evidence of teaching effectiveness); 
a brief statement describing any contributions you have made or planned in relation to advancing equity, diversity and inclusion or inclusive excellence in teaching, research, or service within higher education, community-based or other profession settings (2-page maximum); 
the names of at least three referees; letters of reference are not required and will not be reviewed at the application stage; the Department will request letters of recommendation from referees at later stages of the search process. 
 Review of applications will continue until the position is filled. The effective date of appointment is negotiable, but July 1, 2021 is preferred. All applicants will receive an online confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University gathers information about applicants’ status as either a permanent resident of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Direct any inquiries about this position to Professor Saara Greene at greenes@mcmaster.ca. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
