Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant 2 (Covid-19 Support) 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Administrative Assistant 2 
 Talent on Demand, PHSA 
 Vancouver 
 Immediate Start! 
 Job type:  Casual (Full time hours Monday – Friday) 
 Location:  Vancouver 
 Hours of work:  0800-1600/8:30-16:30 
 Reference number:  JG1119820 
 The Administrative Assistant provides confidential administrative support to Senior Leader(s) and manages the day-to-day administrative operations to ensure accurate and timely delivery of administrative services. 
 What you’ll do 
 Provide confidential administrative support 
Produce timely, accurate and well formatted documents using various word processing, spreadsheet and presentation software packages. 
Maintain a consistently updated and accurate appointment schedule for the Senior Leader and others as required by determining urgency and nature of requests, scheduling and making necessary arrangements, and resolving time conflicts. 
Coordinate meetings ensuring well-defined and timely agendas, identification of and notification to interested parties. 
Attend meetings and take meeting minutes as well as preparing agendas 
Make catering, travel and accommodation arrangements. 
Design and maintain filing and distribution systems for a variety of records and files. 
Assist with human resources and financial actions for the department by completing and submitting relevant documentation/records. 
 Must have 
 A level of education, training and experience equivalent to graduation from a recognized post-secondary administrative assistant/secretarial program. 
Four (4) years’ progressive experience supporting senior level management. 
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and collaboratively, resolve administrative issues/problems, prioritize workload, and to be flexible to meet and adapt to changes in organizational priorities. 
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office applications. 
Ability to prioritize workload and work under time pressures to meet deadlines. 
Excellent communication skills both verbally and in writing, including the ability to respond professionally, courteously, and in a clear manner. 
Demonstrated ability to record and transcribe minutes of meetings. 
 This position requires applicants who can start immediately only. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
