Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Assurance Auditor 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Leduc, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 Quality Assurance Auditor 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is currently recruiting for a Quality Assurance Auditor to join our Air Facility, located in Leduc, AB. The incumbent will report directly to the Quality Assurance Supervisor and will be responsible for the following: 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Provide guidance to manufacturing with respect to GPP, GDP, and GMP. 
Perform GMP audits, pre-operational inspections, sanitation verifications, and allergen testing. 
Monitor for compliance to SOPs and identify deviations and food safety risks. 
Verify that sanitation activities are completed to an acceptable level. 
Review and verify that documentation is completed accurately. 
Verify product weight and finished product labels. 
Perform controlled material releases. 
Conduct glass and brittle plastics inspections and lighting checks. 
Assist with conducting investigations regarding deviations and non-conforming product, including gathering of data and identification of root cause. 
Build and maintain good working relationships with manufacturing to promote openness and compliance. 
Other duties as assigned by the QA Management. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Degree or diploma in food science or other applicable science. 
1+ years' relevant experience in QA in a relevant field such as food manufacturing, Natural Health Product manufacturing or Drug Product manufacturing. 
Experience working in a food manufacturing environment is preferred. 
Proficient in MS Office. 
Experience using ERP systems is an asset. 
Ability to collaborate well within a team or work independently. 
Possess a strong attention to detail. 
Ability to multitask and adapt to an evolving environment. 
Ability to speak and write clearly in English. 
 Note:  Shift work is required. 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
