Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Database Administrator 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology department is responsible for developing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s mission and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and information technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The department is also responsible for authoring technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Manager, Environment Management & DBA Services, the Database Administrator assists in managing BCI’s database systems including maintenance support for various databases in multiple environments, the development of database scripts, and ongoing monitoring of databases to ensure the highest level of database availability and reliability. S/he will work closely with Senior DBAs, business users and other IT teams to assist others with their database requests, applying database patches, providing first level support for troubleshooting database issues, and supporting the deployment of database changes. 
 The position can be based in either Vancouver or Victoria with travel between the two cities. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field 
A minimum of 1-year related experience in database development, administration and support 
Must have demonstrated ability in database administration, database development, database security management, backup and recovery operations 
Must have strong analytical problem-solving skills and communication skills 
Must be detailed oriented and participate effectively in a team environment 
Demonstrated capabilities working with MS SQL Server, Oracle and other database technologies 
Relevant database certification(s) and experience with complex financial systems and cloud-based database technologies are an asset 
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Assist in creating and maintaining BCI databases and DB servers 
Monitor performance of database systems resources and query throughput 
Monitor database backup and maintenance jobs 
Perform database ad-hoc backups, restores, or refresh as required 
Follow change management processes to implement database changes 
Proactively monitor database alerts and respond to or escalate to Senior DBAs as necessary 
Provide timely support on database requests and tickets 
Install new instances of SQL Server software, and applies upgrades, patches and fixes when needed 
Communicate, execute, and document database related maintenance and upgrades 
Support audit and security processes by applying industry best practices such as the least privilege, segregation of duties, alerting of improper access, classification of data 
Ensure adherence to IT Service Management (ITSM) incident and change management processes for database requests 
Actively adhere to compliance and risk management policies, and participate in business continuity and disaster recovery testing as required 
Ensure technical artifacts are accurate, accessible, maintained and communicated 
Undertake special projects or assignments as required 
Perform other related duties as required 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Organizing & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Problem Solving 
 Effective performers are able to identify problems, solve them, act decisively and show good judgment. They isolate causes from symptoms and compile information and alternatives to illuminate problems and issues. They involve others as appropriate and gather information from a variety of sources. They find a balance between studying the problem and solving it. 
 Relationship Building 
 Establishes and proactively maintains a broad network of relationships (e.g. colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers clearly and articulately convey technical and other information both orally and in writing to others in a manner appropriate to the listener. They write clearly, accurately and concisely, composing project, technical and other required documentation as required. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
