Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Here You Begin . . . 
 Thoughts and Excerpts from my new guide to Discovering Your Passions and Purpose, and Designing the Life Path Only You Can Do 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Order the book — 
 My Portfolio — 
 Creative Works Int'l Media — 
 
 Tag Archives: jobless 
 Believe in Your Purpose 
 Posted on  January 1, 2014  by   Elizabeth Darby 
 Reply 
 To the 1.3 million long-term unemployed: 
 Who today must feel… 
 Scared? Angry? Frustrated. . . 
 Both in your search and your lack of support in a society where the recession is still very real, but more real is that the world of 'work' as you knew it is, likely, changed forever. 
 After the anger and the panic, what is the feeling of your current moment on Earth? 
 Bereft? Abandoned? Desperate? 
 Long-term unemployed is not a resume builder of a term. 
 I know that and you know that. 
 It is not a category to which anyone wants to belong. 
 I, too, know that. Everyone, with a job or not, feels that. 
 It is the purgatory of career and job, a gross fun-house of reflecting mirrors which distort one's self-image into all kinds of shapes, most of them negative and a lot of them downright freakish. I know that; it's a horrible place to be. 
 It feels to be a category that is the anethema of success, or even of 'doing okay' on this life-journey. 
 And so the sand grows quick as the sinking feeling of your heart and soul grows again burdened with this newest insult of continued support as you seek work cut-off by a population of unfeeling, insensitive politicians who neither feel your pain nor want to face those of us 'unemployed' in the statistical sense of 'productivity in the economy'. While they, of course, collect bonuses for their action and inaction. It's everything unjust and unfair to be subject to these puppeteers of the American promise. 
 Meanwhile, the media loves tossing souls into this 'there but for the grace of God go the rest of us…" story. 
 But this is your life, your real life, not a 'story of the moment. It is your visceral experience and your journey, and thus you can make it have the ending you desire. 
 We've all been there, most of us over and over. Starting over and over, But I know that does not help how you feel at this moment. 
 So instead I offer this encouragement: 
 Just for a moment, believe You, just as you are in this moment,  have everything you need  to be the best You in this day. 
 Just for a moment feel like it's going to be okay, this journey of yours, no matter how spooky the corridor at the moment. 
 Why? 
 Because if you are here, you clearly —  clearly  — have a Work, a Task, and a Purpose yet to accomplish. 
 Feeling that, in this moment, will allow today to begin anew, not 'yet again'. 
 Your 'job' as you knew it may be gone and never come back like it was before. 
 Your 'old way of being' — however satisfying or unsatisfying your job and work was before you found yourself among the ranks of 'long-term unemployed' — will have to change. Probably it already has. 
 Your new way, the one that begins today, starts with your feeling, believing, and taking action as if you have a task at hand. 
 And you do. 
 You have an accomplishment to undertake. Starting today. 
 No, it's not to find a job. 
 Your task and your accomplishment is to Create Your Own Work. 
 Create from your experience, breathe, strength (you have a lot it if you've been 'searching' for these last challenging years), joined with your unique talents the work you — and only you — are here to do. 
 What great thing would You — only you — like to accomplish today and tomorrow in your life? Not long term, just today and tomorrow. 
 So often we get stuck trying to find the proverbial shoe that fits; lots of 'advice' out there talks of 'retooling' and reconfiguring and retraining. Lots of 're-' as in 'do it again', as if the first time wasn't enough. We all know it was. 
 What if, just for a moment, you instead see what great Work is pushing to come out from inside you. 
 What do you see that needs to be done that you, specifically you, have all the talents, care and energy to do just where you are in this moment of Now? 
 What of You can Be, just in this moment,  creating  your form to fill rather than looking for the right size box in which to pour oneself? 
 It's subtle: You create your box, your work, your form in this world — 
 as opposed to looking for a box of someone else's making to fill. 
 A long time ago, my daughters struggled with their difference in this world: We all do at some point (or many) in our lives. They were and are highly intelligent  girls  , deeply heart-felt, with vision and dreams, a sense of story and purpose, all facets that simply didn't fit the squares and circles of your average public school. 
 I told them then, as I tell you now: Don't chip away at the facets of you to squeeze into the square or circles that are 'acceptable', or to fit the Norm, whatever that is, or the fickle slots of a job-market. You are diamonds, with facets that sparkle. That which doesn't fit, and maybe even has a flaw in it, is what makes you who you are. You are here to sparkle and shine, as only you can, with all your facets. 
 Here are a couple of soul-reminders from my book: 
 When I was 8 or 9, I  loved  to _________________________________ 
 I believed my magical powers were ____________________________ and that I was (and am) here to do this magic in the world: _____________________________________________ 
 
 When we feel bereft (I know this feeling well), sometimes the only way through it is to invoke Magic, and remember what endless possibility again feels like. 
 After all, you've been practicing and succeeding at the magic needed for survival for these past years of job-search, making ends meet, getting through each day. 
 You  can  do this: 
 Create your  own  work; do the work only you can do here, in this time and moment on Earth. 
 I believe you not only can, but that this is what you are here to do. 
 With blessings on your New Year, creating your new form in this world. 
 Elizabeth 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Beginnings ,  Create Your Own Work ,  Defining Success ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  career search ,  gifts ,  job ,  Job search ,  jobless ,  long-term unemployed ,  new you ,  purpose ,  vocation  |   Leave a reply 
 Asking the Right Questions 
 Posted on  October 29, 2013  by   Elizabeth Darby 
 Reply 
 I ask a lot of questions in my book and in my life; doing so is the basis of both the work and the Work of finding our way in life and through Life, in story and in Story, in our journey and in the Hero journey that is every life-time spent. 
 Asking questions is how we start off engaging with our life, even as babies and toddlers. After the natural, instinctive curiosity of ‘That?’ to define our surroundings, and soon after ‘Mine?’ becomes the declarative ‘Mine!’ we move quickly into the danger zone of questions: 
 ‘Why?’ 
 Asking ‘why’ is lovely. It’s pushy, to ourselves and to others around us. It pushes boundaries, understandings, norms, and entrenchment. It’s often perceived as demanding, as asking why can unsettle a shaky authority and states that the person asking has as much ‘right’ as anyone else. Why is the mover of principle and the test of character from here to the Pearly Gates. 
 But ‘why’ also has a shadow power: Doubt. 
 Asking it at a wrong moment in your personal journey can cause chaos and confusion and, well, self-doubt as you thrash with an unanswerable knot. 
 Why did I do that? 
 Why did I choose that? Or why did I choose  this ? 
 Why is this going on in my life. 
 Why is that the rule? 
 It’s both a powerful question and a hazardous one, because often as not, there may not be an answer. Or the answer may be I don’t know. 
 
 And let’s face it: 
 Why do I love thee? … 
 is a very different question than 
 How do I love thee…? 
 
 Here’s where the asking the right question comes in when defining one’s path from here, the choices looming ahead, and when fathoming your heart to choose one’s vocation, calling, path and purpose from here. 
 I learned a long time ago in doing interviews with people I was writing about, from world leaders to loggers, that the right question can make all the difference in the success of what Truth is revealed next. One question can shut a person down, while another opens possibility and long, lovely revelation toward interesting Truth and knowledge. ‘Why did this happen,’ even in news reporting, too often allowed an opening for casting blame or ducking behind ‘I don’t know.’ So a new approach was needed: 
 
 How? 
 
 How is more than a question of mechanics: How did this happen elicits the steps taken that created the situation, like a recipe. But it’s also more: 
 
 ‘How’ is a question that presumes something already is. 
 It, whether answer, solution, reason, or direction, 
 already exists 
 and you and I are in the process of discovering it. 
 
 With ‘why’ we might be probing whether it exists at all, while with ‘how’ we are poking around knowing in our hearts there is a workable way we just need to understand. And the good solution always begins with a heart-filled understanding. 
 As in: 
 How do I use these talents and passions? 
 How does this work, my life forward? 
 How might I take the next step? 
 How does this make things better, easier, gentler, more meaningful to me or others? 
 How do I feel when I’m getting a glimpse of what my path might be or the good my actions might bring? 
 Ah, yes, asking ‘how’ allows for ‘feeling’ and the compass to our truth and our light; there’s no doubt that the feeling is there, or that it’s acceptable. It’s already embraced and hugged and able to be integrated into the next step, no matter how gnarley it might have looked a moment before ‘how’ was uttered. 
 ‘How’ is a question for the brave, like, you. 
 With ‘how’ you are accepting what is, that feelings can be addressed, solutions can be found (as they’re already right here), and that there’s a way forward from here. 
 So, ask the right questions of yourself as you proceed from here through the door of next. All the questions are important; asking the right one at the moment is the first step. 
 How do you feel knowing there is something you are here to do? 
 How do you plan to make that something the action of your life-time left to spend? 
 How’s it going, living on task and on purpose now? 
 Blessings on your day of questioning! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  careers ,  jobless ,  jobs ,  life ,  living fully ,  On Task ,  search ,  vocation  |   Leave a reply 
 May I help you? 
 Posted on  April 11, 2013  by   Elizabeth Darby 
 Reply 
 
 
 sliceofsky, UK ©2013 elizabethdarby.com 
Please ask permission before reposting! 
 How can I be of service to you today, in this moment? 
 
 Could I hold your worries, 
 even if just for a few moments, 
 while you catch your breath on this long hillside of life? 
 Here, I'm listening. I'll help you unload them now, like an over-heavy pack. 
 Let's enjoy the view and light of the day for a moment before you start again on your journey… 
 Could I encourage you 
 that it will soon (very soon) 
 be easier than it is now? 
 It will be. 
 Try giving a little smile now, just a little one, and see if that helps lighten … 
 Could I remind you 
 that you are here for a purpose 
 and have very specific and great work to do? 
 Really, exactly who you are is what is needed . . . 
 to do the beautiful work of your time here. 
 
 How can I be of service to you in this moment? 
 
 For being of service, on task and on purpose, is what we are each here to be. . . 
 How may I help you? 
 Blessings, 
 Elizabeth Darby 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Defining Success ,  Life Work ,  Shine ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  abundance ,  advice ,  balance ,  burden ,  business advice ,  career ,  coaching ,  Fear ,  God ,  guidance ,  inspirational ,  Job search ,  jobless ,  Life Purpose ,  vocation ,  worry  |   Leave a reply 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 Coaching 
 Workshops 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 50 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Here You Begin . . . 
 You have a specific reason to be here on Earth . . . You have specific Work to do . . . It is Work that uses all of your talents and abilities, on behalf of your concerns and your passions. It is inspired. Your life-time spent here doing the Work you are here to do is needed. 
 Contact 
 Here's how to contact me for queries regarding coaching, workshops, the book, or to speak to your group. 
 Tags of Purpose 
 
 abundance 
 action 
 advice 
 authenticity 
 balance 
 blessings 
 burden 
 business advice 
 career 
 careers 
 coaching 
 Create Your Own Work 
 create your work 
 creating employment 
 creating work 
 doubts 
 dreams 
 employment 
 empty-nest 
 Fear 
 financial success 
 Finding a job 
 Finding work 
 flow 
 get a job 
 God 
 GPS 
 gratitude 
 guidance 
 inspirational 
 inspired 
 james hollis 
 jobless 
 jobs 
 Job search 
 joy 
 life 
 life-path 
 life-planning 
 Life Purpose 
 Life Work 
 living in the moment 
 long-term unemployed 
 looking for work 
 loving your children 
 magic 
 making life work 
 money 
 moving forward 
 new book 
 New Job 
 On Purpose 
 On Task 
 On Task and On Purpose 
 opportunity 
 planning 
 power 
 purpose 
 self-discovery 
 shine 
 spirit 
 spiritual direction 
 Starting Over 
 success 
 success; career 
 talent 
 Tasks 
 transitions 
 Truth 
 unemployment 
 vocation 
 what I care about 
 work 
 worry 
 Worth 
 
 The Book 
 
 Copyright 
 © Elizabeth D. and Here You Begin, 2011-2020. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Elizabeth D. and Here You Begin with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Julieta  on  To Shine and To Prosper 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 things to start d…  on  Feeling Vital 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth Darby  on  Joy is the Essence of Suc… 
 
 
 
 JOY . . . Katie McKi…  on  Joy is the Essence of Suc… 
 
 
 
 ankushmehta  on  What do you do … 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth Darby  on  What do you do … 
 
 
 
 ankushmehta  on  What do you do … 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth Darby  on  To Shine and To Prosper 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth Darby  on  To Shine and To Prosper 
 
 
 christopher Juniper on  To Shine and To Prosper 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 
 © Elizabeth Darby and Here You Begin, 2011-2020. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Elizabeth Darby and Here You Begin with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 Coaching 
 Workshops 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
