Witch on a Bicycle 
 I'm building a car from scratch with zero budget, watch me go insane 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Gigi 
 About Opus 
 Character backstory: The Old Man 
 My life as a standup comedy routine 
 Origin story, but superhero or supervillain? 
 Quill Quester's continuing story 
 Spelling it out: Hit-from-behind and intersection wreck avoidance protocols 
 The Gay Marriage Challenge 
 The Gigi story 
 
   
 Tag Archives: getting tools up to the job 
 No game this week, again 
 Posted on  October 18, 2020  |  Leave a comment 
 Family tragedy struck one of the players in our group as her father-in-law died a few days before game. Also, I have been beset by allergies that have really upset my sleep cycle as my sleep aid is just a double-strength allergy pill, minus the buffers. So, instead of putting me to sleep, it just clears up my nose and eyes for the night until it wears off. I was awake after 0700 this morning even though I put myself to bed by 0500. 
 I ended up sleeping through most of the race today, but I did manage to tune in for the last 20 or so laps, watching Kevin Harvick chase Joey Logano and almost catch him until Joey used dirty air or lapped cars to slow him down to keep Harvick from passing. It was a master class on how to defend a lead in a Cup race. I'm not a fan of Logano, but I do give credit where credit is due, and Joey drove his butt off keeping Harvick at bay. 
 No progress has been made in the Sprint-T redesign. I have all the major pieces in place, and until I can get some raw stock, which is really hard to come by these days because of the one-two punch of tariffs and COVID19, I really can't build anything. Even in the case that I was able to find the raw stock, the combination of the stock thickness and having tools sized for bicycle building and not hot rods leaves me with stock with the dimensions laid out but no way to cut and drill to the sizes needed and make the part. It is frustrating to have drills that won't handle drill bits over 3/8″ when the smallest hole is just under 1/2″ and the big hole is 9/16″ to allow for the thread depth of the bolts and the tap that cuts the thread so those bolts can screw into the part. It's a combination of lack of power in the motors and the chucks just not being physically big enough to hold the larger drill bits. And for my cutting tools the 1/4″ thickness is pushing the limits of the equipment because when I bought the tools years ago when I was building bicycles 3mm (1/8″) steel or 5mm aluminum was the heaviest stock I was going to ever cut. Building hot rods wasn't even on my mind. Let's just say I was in a bit of a state over cars since someone tried to kill me with one, actually several someones tried several times with varying degrees of success, but nobody actually killed me thank [$DEITY]. So for most of this century since the wreck, I have had varying degrees of antipathy about cars. 
 OK, let me take inventory of tools, parts and raw stock that I need to complete the Sprint-T. I need something that can make square or mitered cuts in stock at least 1/4″ thick in mild or chrome-moly steel. I need a drill press that can handle 3/4″ holes in the 1/4″ steels, and up to 1/2″ thick in aluminum. I need a welder that will weld over 1/4″ thick steel, and that will weld aluminum. I mean I can use oxy-hydrogen to weld aluminum now, but that is a very tricky technique for someone with cataracts to work with, and I'm not sure that it didn't contribute to giving me cataracts in the first place. Anyway, after the tools I need lots of raw stock, DOM or chrome-moly seamless tubing in 1.5″ diameter and 0.120″ (7 sticks) and 0.060″ (5 sticks) wall thickness, some 1.25″ diameter DOM and 0.120″ (2 sticks) wall for making the tie rod, drag link, panhard rod, and the torque arm. Also needed is a metric buttload of hardware to connect things that have to be able to move in relation to other things, in various sizes from 3/4″ fine thread (pretty big) to 4-40 (tee-niny). 
 It's getting late, so I'm wishing you a good night and pleasant dreams. 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Daily post ,  Department of DIY 
 Tagged  building hot rods ,  dealing with really thick metal raw stock ,  getting tools up to the job ,  NASCAR Cup ,  NASCAR racing ,  raw stock ,  Sprint-T ,  tools 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,270 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 BicycleLaw the blog 
 BikePortland 
 BikinginLA 
 DFW Point to Point 
 Drunk Cyclist 
 Mad Blog Media 
 mtb law girl 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 hangouts 
 
 A warning to the human race 
 As diseases go Friendship is pretty good 
 Coffee-powered Superhero! 
 Droid for the win 
 Help Desk 
 RBENT 
 Rule of Three 
 Sandra and Woo 
 Something Positive 
 Times Like This 
 User Friendly 
 Wapsi Square 
 Why bloggers will never take over the world 
 Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery 
 Yield To Life 
 
 
 
 Useful places 
 
 A view from the cycle path 
 E-bikes.ca 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,270 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Buy me a Ko-fi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
