  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Photo Editing 
 
 Photo Editing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Photo retouching expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/photo-editing) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Image and video editor 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 Need a freelancer to design & develop a video editor - preferably as a plug-in to the native camera, to upload immediately to different social media sites by adding watermark - similar to "kinemaster". 
 Few features, but not limited, I am interested to see as part of this project: 
- Templates that accept videos and adjust the video to templated format - like video for Youtube, Instagram, Facebook, etc. 
- filters (few will be paid) 
- ad-integration 
- special affects - glitter, snowing, rain, etc 
- +1 for cloud editor functionality and invocation - footprint on mobile reduced and can accommodate more functionality 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Utility - Utility application (flash, calculator, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  M. S. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  India 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 months ago 
 Digital photo editing job 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 7 
 Offshore Clipping Path is looking for young talented people who like design, image editing, and photography. We need creative people for remote freelance work. 
 Duties: 
Edit digital images according to the provided guide 
Retouchers are the first either to choose pictures that will be used in final printing or to communicate with clients in order to find out all their wishes 
Digital retoucher jobs also include thinking over particular steps of editing process or giving the various task to other retouchers 
Applying various modifications to the given image 
If it is needed, some retouching jobs online include providing photo shooting 
 Requirements: 
Creativity and critical thinking 
Ability to work with the team 
Ability to work efficiently and quickly under tight deadlines 
Knowledge of PhotoShop, LightRoom, Capture One, and Camera Raw 
 If you want to join the team just visit the website  offshoreclippingpath.com  and start working for a modern and developing company. 
 Category Design & Multimedia 
Graphics design 
 FAQ 
What do you need? (Discuss with us) 
Is this a project or a position? Project 
Required availability As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
Photo Editing, Graphic Design, Adobe Photoshop 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Edit existing images 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. W. United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Restructure easystore page 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 12 
 Need to restructure e-commerce webpage which is ready available. 
Redesign webpage and products image, that selling supplement. 
The business owner is new in the ecommece industry and need the professional advise and discussion with designer. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Designer 
 Published by:  L. P. S. Last reply: 4 months ago  Malaysia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 months ago 
 Graphic and photo designers needed 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 8 
 We are looking for skilled graphic/photo designers with a friendly personality to participate in a unique project of LIVE (Interactive/real-time) designing. Listen to what one of our designers has to say about this job,  https://youtu.be/x3a3e9QMx08 
 About the Design Interface: 
The Design Interface is an exclusive platform that has an inbuilt chatbox and screensharing functionality that is accessible via an internet browser. The evolving intuitive design tool has similarities to Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator. 
 What does a LIVE Designer do? 
1. Communicate with a customer via texting in a chatbox to receive his or her requests. 
2. Create a new design or make changes to an existing design. 
3. Report to Supervisor on the success of and/or the challenges faced within the completed design session. 
 What skills does a LIVE Designer need? 
1. Graphic Design skills - be able to use the principles of design to creatively create or improve a design to be printed on stationery and merchandise. 
2. Photo Design skills - be able to realistically merge photos using principles of perspective, proportions, color, and levels. 
3. Customer Chat Support skills - be able to chat with a customer with a professional and friendly tone following basic principles of English Grammar and Spelling. 
 Availability: 
Be available for at least FOUR 3-hour shifts between Monday and Friday during California pst work hours of 9 am - 5 pm pst (subject to dst) 
 technology: 
you must: 
- be an adobe photoshop cc subscriber. 
- Have a high-speed internet connection. 
- Have a microphone. 
(Note: Not a requirement for chatting with a customer.) 
- Have a Grammar/spelling app such as Grammarly. 
- have a screenshot and screen video-recording software 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. H. Last reply: 4 months ago  Ukraine 
 Over USD 3,000 
 5 months ago 
 Select and Professionally Edit and Retouch Real Estate Photos 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 6 Bids: 9 
 Hello, 
 I need a photo retoucher/editor for property/real estate pictures (this current job covers pictures of 4 townhouses, 80 pictures). 
 To be successful with your proposal you need to 
 a) be able to select the best pictures to retouch for each apartment 
b) deliver the images within deadlines as per the milestones that will be created (pictures to be delivered in their final form in 4 days) 
c) as part of the selection process you will be willing to retouch one sample image. I will supply the image. 
D) be able to show a relevant portfolio of real estate retouching - before and after images. 
 E) the work will be mainly on light and brightness , clean up and declutter displaying the details, angles, composition, and framing, pay attention to highlight and shadow detail. 
F) Delivery rules: you must submit product photos as JPG (.jpg/.jpeg) Each product photo file name must follow this template: year, number/name of townhouse, number of picture edited. For example a retouched picture should be named as <<2020_C2_27>>. 
 For example C2 is the number of apartment and no.27 is the number written in the picture that given below. All pictures will be shared. 
 Product photos must be professional. No illustrations allowed. 
 You might need to remove or add products or objects to the photo if its necessary, ONLY if it doesn't change the basic image. Just keep in mind corrections done in the sample, not only color editing is needed but also you have to b able to 'clean' any mess found on the picture, remove unnecessary items, remove stickers, clean gardens from leaves, re-adjust items, remove shadows and reflections, add items from the web, clean surfaces and walls, be able to put bed sheets to empty or messy beds, etc 
 Please be aware of the above conditions and only apply to this job if you can commit to them 
 Many thanks 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. Last reply: 5 months ago  Cyprus 
 USD 50 - 100 
 7 months ago 
 Creating and editing video 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 7 
 Hello dear graphic designers. 
I am sending you a test task. 
 PHOTO: 
1. Create a banner (in your opinion, we give the opportunity to be creative). 
With text: Learn English online with native speakers from Australia, Canada, USA, England. 
 2. Upload a stock photo with the topic Online lessons, courses, etc. 
3. Insert logo and banner. Company logo attached. 
 Video creation 
Attached video 4 pcs 
You need to create a video insert a banner, add transitions and motions, emoji you can add flags. On your look. I rely on your creativity. 
 All videos have a couple of seconds at the beginning that you need to cut. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : New video from existing footage 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Photos, Color palettes, Stock images, Animations 
 Duration  : Between 1 and 3 min 
 Published by:  A. T. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 11 months ago 
 Real estate photography/video editing 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 2 
 I'm looking for someone or a company which has proven experience with photo & video editing of real estate. 
 Some technical information: 
Photo: HDR brackets of 3 pictures: merging and final editing. 
Video: editing shots + adding floorplanner map into the video. 
 $0,23 per photo 
(around +/- 50 pictures per house) 
video edit: $ 10,00 
 Realible, steady 20 projects + per month. 
 What i expect: 
 24h delivery of all files. 
Open all year around. 
Portfolio work. 
 (link) 
 Only apply if you have proven photo & video editing skills in the real estate market! 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : New video from existing footage 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Logos, Original film 
 Duration  : Between 1 and 3 min 
 Published by:  J. Last reply: 11 months ago  Netherlands 
 Open 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
