Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant, Academic (Tenure and Promotion) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday-Friday, at 35 weekly hours 
Education Level 2 year Community College diploma in Office Administration of related field of study 
Career Level Experienced 
 Job Description 
 Administrative Assistant, Academic (Tenure and Promotion) 
 (JD/TJD #:  JD00689) 
 In 1967, McMaster University established Canada’s first Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, now world renowned for its work and known as the Department of Health Research Methods, Evidence, and Impact (HEI). The department has achieved its international reputation by conducting quality clinical research through rigorous, scientifically valid research methods and application, in addition to its strong educational programs which have grown to include graduate programs in the health research methodology, public health, health policy and eHealth. 
 HEI is a research-intensive department with over 140 “continuing” staff, 10-15 post-doctoral and clinical fellows, and more than 150 “temporary-casual” staff. It is the third largest department/school in the Faculty of Health Sciences in terms of research funding per year. 
 We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced, motivated and results-oriented Administrative Assistant, Academic (Tenure and Promotion) to focus on all faculty relations initiatives in the department to join our team on a continuing basis (subject to funding). 
 For more information on the department of Health Research Methods, Evidence, and Impact (HEI), please visit our website at https://hei.mcmaster.ca/ 
 Job Summary:  Responsible for providing administrative support for an academic program or department. Plans and coordinates a variety of academic program or department events and activities and is also accountable for monitoring the graduate program budget and forecasting financial gains and shortfalls. Also responsible for coordinating the recruitment and tenure and promotion processes for part-time and full-time faculty for a Faculty or School. Serves as a primary resource regarding administrative issues for recruitment, tenure and promotion procedures. Performs the duties of the position in accordance with established policies, procedures, and calendar of events. Responsible for ensuring adherence to quality standards and procedures for short-term staff. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Coordinate the submission of information and documentation required to initiate and conclude various recruitment, tenure and promotion processes. 
Review candidate documentation and prepare recommendations for review by others. 
Adhere to University guidelines and policies when compiling information required for the recruitment, reappointment, or promotion of faculty. 
Gather, compile, and review candidate documents and follow up, as needed, with candidates for more information. 
Gather, compile, and summarize information from a variety of sources such as candidate reviews. 
Identify and analyze problems with the program and prepare recommendations for review and approval. 
Investigate questions and resolve problems concerning program, curricula, and admissions. 
Inform faculty of student eligibility for funding opportunities and discuss funding scenarios and scholarship options on a case by case basis. 
Advocate on behalf of students who require accommodations or non-standard arrangements with regards to funding and program requirements. 
Collect, analyze, assess, and summarize information relevant to the decision making process and develop recommendations for final approval and implementation. 
Identify external funding opportunities and identify candidates in the program who meet the criteria for these competitions. 
Plan and coordinate a variety of events and activities such as seminars, workshops, and conferences. 
Create financial projections and make adjustments to the program budget throughout the fiscal year. 
Deliver a variety of academic program or department presentations. 
Review and process applications for internal and external scholarship competitions and program admission. 
Compile and distribute application and admission files for review by the Admissions Committee. 
Assess and summarize the qualifications of eligible applicants and ensure that all applications are complete. 
Provide updates to applicants about the status of their application. 
Coordinate and organize regularly recurring events such as registration, timetabling, room bookings, examinations, committee meetings, and course material requests. 
Monitor and review program registrations and liaise with other departments to process changes to student records and registration. 
Compile course information and update course calendar information. 
Apply standard mathematical skills such as calculations, formulas, and equations to perform routine calculations. 
Greet visitors, answer or redirect general inquiries in person, by telephone and via email and respond independently to inquiries that are specific in nature and require a thorough knowledge of established policies and procedures. 
Provide program and admissions information to potential applicants, students and faculty. 
Act as a liaison between students and the various individuals and offices within and external to the department. 
Inform faculty of established procedures for exam preparation and grade submissions. Ensure that proper procedures are followed and deadlines are adhered to. 
Ensure that there are no conflicts with student timetables and work with the appropriate office to resolve course conflicts. 
Monitor student course registration and provide electronic permissions to allow students to enrol in limited enrolment courses. 
Monitor budgets and reconcile accounts. Complete financial forms such as travel expense reports, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
Gather and compile the paperwork required to facilitate hiring and payment processes. 
Input financial and employee information required to process pay. 
Write a variety of documents such as correspondence, reports, and meeting minutes. 
Format, word process, edit, and proofread a variety of documents and materials. 
Gather and compile data and documentation for a variety of reports, memos, and program activities. 
Gather, assemble, and distribute documentation required for registration, course material, grade appeals, reinstatements, course overload and prerequisite permissions, and transfer credits. 
Collect, verify, and input data into a variety of spreadsheets and databases. 
Update and maintain information and content on websites and social networks. 
Coordinate the calendar of supervisor and resolve scheduling conflicts. 
Schedule and coordinate meetings including room bookings, agendas, catering and travel arrangements. 
Monitor and order office supplies. 
Source and obtain pricing information for office supplies and equipment. 
Set up and maintain filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
Classify, sort, and file correspondence, records, and other documents. 
Update and maintain confidential files and records. Handle sensitive material in accordance with established policies. 
Assemble, copy, collate, and disseminate a variety of documents and materials. 
Open and distribute incoming mail and faxes. 
Prepare outgoing mail, faxes, and courier shipments. 
Maintain the confidentiality of student files and documents. 
 Requirements: 
2 year Community College diploma in Office Administration or related field of study. 
Requires 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
Previous experience working at McMaster 
Experience working with Mosaic (PeopleSoft) 
 Additional Information: 
The Administrative Assistant, Academic (Promotion and Tenure) acts as a liaison with the Department of Health Research Methods, Evidence, and Impact (HEI), the Faculty of Health Sciences, Faculty Relations Office and other Offices at the University. This role will provide support to our Associate Chairs in the department of HEI and will be responsible for the full recruitment cycle of post doctoral fellow appointments. 
 The successful candidate will have/demonstrate the following: 
Previous experience with full cycle Recruitment, Tenure and Promotion processes for all faculty members (Full-time, Associate, Part-time members) 
Key contact for all faculty relations 
Must be able to carefully track information and approval stages that are at multiple stages and submit information by the required deadlines 
Experience working in an academic environment and providing administrative support to faculty members 
Working experience taking and distributing minutes, preparing slides and presentation materials for faculty orientations and monthly committee meetings 
Experience disseminating action items and follow up 
Experience providing support to and liaising between faculty members and senior level administrators, including supporting in-person meetings and web conferencing meetings using platforms such as Google docs, WebEx, Zoom and Microsoft Teams etc. 
Self-starter, results-oriented with proven previous success at prioritizing and managing multiple tasks of varying complexities as well as meeting tight deadlines 
Excellent problem-solving, interpersonal, and planning skills 
A high degree of professionalism, integrity and ability to handle highly confidential information 
Strong attention to detail and extremely well organized 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Assist keeping up-to-date personal CVs, both paper and MacFACTS version (former Star CV) 
Advanced computer skills in Microsoft Office 
Experience working with Mosaic to produce finance queries, reports and expenses 
Proven experience with the University systems, and policies 
Experience with creating and preparing material for the lunch and learn series for faculty members and supervisors, facilitating sessions, answering questions and advising faculty 
Previous experience in project management and events 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
