  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Gateshead, England 
 Rate:  £16 - £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Site Manager 
 A Local Authority based in Newcastle Upon Tyne is looking for a B&E; Site manager to join their property and asset team. 
 This is a full time temporary position and ideal candidate will hold an NVQ Level 3 in a construction Electrical, Mechanical or related subject and be qualified to IET Wiring Regulations 18th Edition. 
 The purpose of the role is effectively coordinate and supervise resources engaged in the delivery of Cyclical delivery program activities and/or Capital M&E; schemes. 
 The main responsibilities of the role are: 
 To deliver quality services with an appropriate framework (e.g. 
 Best Value, Q.A.) to ensure customer satisfaction is maintained. 
Oversee and proactively manage budgets to make best use of funds available while making value for money decisions. 
The signing and completion of test sheets by being a NICEIC Qualified Supervisor. 
To monitor and manage subcontractor performance. 
 Required experience and qualifications: 
 NVQ Level 3 in a construction Electrical, Mechanical or related subject. 
Qualified to IET Wiring Regulations 18th Edition. 
Full Driving License or ability to meet the transport requirements of the role. 
Have or working towards City & Guilds Inspection and Testing 2391 or equivalent. 
NICEIC Supervisor (if you are not NICEIC qualified you must be willing to undertake the NICEIC QS assessment within the first 6 months of employment). 
 Building Regulations in relation to Electrical Works, Mechanical or cyclical works. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with this role and as such are offering between £16-£18 p/hour Umbrella Ltd (approx. 
 £420-470 p/week NET after deductions) dependant on experience and qualifications. 
 So if this position sounds of interest, email a copy of your up to date CV to james.glover@servicecare.org.uk or call James at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £16 - £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 
 
 Location:  Gateshead, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 17:41:26 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Senior Nurse 
 Social Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Health Care Assistant 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Joiner 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Mental Health Care Assistant  
 Plasterer 
 Learning Disability Support Worker 
 Staff Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
