Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Front-end Web Developer REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 About Us 
 Raygun is a creative studio that powers good causes through strategy, design, and technology. We’re looking for a front-end developer to help us create engaging digital experiences that build support for community-centered movements. You’ll work independently and in collaboration with other team members at Raygun, including strategists, information architects, writers, and designers. 
 Our team is based in San Diego, CA, but this position is open to remote applicants anywhere in North America who are passionate about using technology to advance issues like social justice, education, and reproductive rights. 
 What you’ll work on 
 
 Collaborate with our senior developers on large-scale digital projects 
 Develop and manage select digital projects from start to finish 
 Work directly with our design team and clients to implement and deploy new features to existing websites 
 Respond to client tech support requests 
 Contribute to the digital team’s efforts to innovate and evolve, including strategy, industry trends, tools, and workflows 
 Contribute to open source code and sharing expertise as part of the greater web community 
 
 We’re looking for someone who 
 
 Codes for accessibility and inclusivity 
 Can demonstrate great technology and UX skills 
 Is kind, organized, easy to work with, and self-motivated 
 Brings passion, energy, and enthusiasm to the team 
 Is highly proficient in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Git 
 
 Experience with the following is a plus 
 
 Craft CMS 
 WordPress 
 REST API 
 GraphQL 
 Vue.js 
 Nuxt.js 
 Typescript 
 Server-side skills (PHP/Laravel, Node.js) or DevOps skills (provisioning, deployment, CMS setup) 
 
 How to Apply 
 What we offer 
 Raygun is an inclusive, collaborative studio that values creative input from everyone on our team. We offer competitive salaries, health insurance, generous vacation and holidays, professional development opportunities, and a flexible work environment. 
 How to apply 
 Please email  [email protected]  with your resume or CV, a link to your portfolio, and an introduction letter. We’d love to know more about your story, your goals, and why you’d like to work at Raygun. Qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
 All are welcome 
 Raygun provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. 
 We look forward to hearing from you! 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Raygun 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  North America 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   https://madebyraygun.com 
 __  Posted December 17, 2020 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
