Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Research Planning & Operations 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Manager, Research Planning and Operations in our Supportive Care Department. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network (TAHSN). The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 The Department of Supportive Care (DSC) is a multidisciplinary department that spans across all sites of the University Health Network, governed under the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre. The DSC consists of three programs – Palliative Care, Psychosocial Oncology and Cancer Rehabilitation & Survivorship. The DSC has become recognized over the past five years as an internationally leading centre in research in supportive care. The Manager, Research Planning and Operations will be a key member of the department leadership team who will lead the research program towards achieving goals and improving research outputs. This includes growing the DSC program’s international recognition and impact. 
 Working under the direction of the Head of the Department of Supportive Care, the Manager, Research Planning and Operations will: 
 Design infrastructure, standards, SOPs and build teams 
Coordinate projects and planning initiatives such as strategic/operational planning, including the development and coordination of a new Clinical Trials Program 
Manage projects, data and IT initiatives 
Develop governance 
Manage all aspects of human resources for direct reports 
Perform quality management responsibilities 
Oversee finances, financial disbursements and procurement 
Liaise with external funding agencies and keep abreast of industry news 
Liaise with internal and external partners including other UHN Research teams, etc. 
Perform cross-functional and/or other duties consistent with the job classification, as assigned or requested 
Work in compliance of the Occupational Health & Safety Act and its regulations, promote and ensure a healthy and safe work environment, and report hazards, deficiencies and contravention’s of the Act, in a timely manner 
Perform corporate management responsibilities that support and advance UHN’s goals 
 Qualification: 
At minimum, a Master’s degree in Science or recognized equivalent 
At minimum, 3 years practical and related experience 
Biomedical science background, experience in healthcare sector preferred 
Demonstrated leadership and supervisory skills required 
Experience with developing and working with budgets an asset 
Exercises initiative and good judgement with ability to multi-task 
Compliance with confidentiality requirements 
Knowledge of applicable legislative, UHN and/or departmental policies 
Excellent decision-making, problem solving and negotiation skills required 
Excellent conflict resolution, team building and interpersonal skills required 
Excellent organization and time management skills required 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required 
Ability to perform duties in a professional and courteous manner and produce high quality work while meeting deadlines in accordance to UHN standards 
Client service oriented with the ability to create an inclusive environment that values diversity and encourages people to contribute their personal bes 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 POSTED DATE:  November 19, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until filled 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
