Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Temporary - Research Coordinator 
 Victoria Hospital 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Period 
 Open:  November 26, 2020 
 Deadline:  January 4, 2021 
 Non-Union 
 Department Name 
 Oncology Department 
 London Health Sciences Centre is seeking an experienced and motivated laboratory research individual for the role of Research Coordinator with the Department of Oncology at Victoria Hospital. This individual will be responsible for the development, management and coordination of the Department of Oncology Biospecimen Processing Lab and Repository (BPR) as well as processing and curating clinical samples. As a new initiative of the Department of Oncology, the overall goal of the BPR is to provide high-quality processing, management, and storage for clinical research biospecimens to ensure availability for immediate and future studies, including processing biospecimens such as blood, saliva, urine and tumour tissue 
 Rate of Pay:  To commensurate with experience 
 Hours of Work:  37.5 hours per week 
 Duration of Contract:  January 4, 2021 - January 3, 2022 
 Qualifications 
Successful completion of a recognized Masters or Doctorate degree in a relevant and/or related field, preferably a lab-based scientific or clinical discipline 
Minimum of three (3) years recent and relevant laboratory experience, preferably with clinical sample processing experience 
Effective leadership and communication skills to foster a respectful, inclusive and collaborative environment 
Plan, implement, and coordinate all aspects of data collection and management related to biospecimen processing 
Comprehensive knowledge of specimen processing (e.g. blood, saliva, urine, tissue) for clinical research 
Ability to organize workload and manage daily competing priorities in a health care environment 
Knowledge of budget development and monitoring 
Ability to collaborate with the primary investigators (PI), co-investigators, physicians and multidisciplinary health care team members 
Act as central point of communication for study sample management; manage specimen collection, processing and shipping 
Ensure all specimen processing documentation and files are audit-ready 
?Demonstrated practice and commitment to the principles of patient and family centered care 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to patient and staff safety at LHSC 
Demonstrated practice and commitment to LHSC’s Mission, Vision and Values 
Demonstrated ability to attend work on a regular basis 
 Immunization Requirements: 
Provide vaccination records or proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chicken pox), Hepatitis B, Tetanus/ Diphtheria/Polio; Meningitis. 
Provide documentation of the Tuberculosis skin testing (two step) 
 We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. LHSC is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and LGBTQ2+ persons. We are committed to providing persons with disabilities equal opportunities and standards of goods and services, and are also fully compliant with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005), as applicable.. 
 As part of the assessment process applicants may be required to complete a written examination or test. Please be advised that a reference check may be conducted as part of the selection process. 
 Your interest in this opportunity is appreciated. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Successful candidates, as a condition of job offer, would be required to provide a satisfactory police information check (original document) completed in the last 3 months. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
