Skip to main content 
  (Company name) Work in Fernie   Toggle navigation 
 
 Find A Job 
 Post A Job 
 What's New 
 Resources 
 __ 
 __ 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
  (Company name) Work in Fernie  
 
 Find A Job 
 Post A Job 
 What's New 
 Resources 
 __ 
 __ 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
   
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce  /  Job Board  / Retail Sales Paint Associate 
 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 
 Retail Sales Paint Associate 
 
 
 Company - Nufloors Fernie 
 
 
 Apply Now 
   
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce  /  Job Board  / Retail Sales Paint Associate 
 Apply Now 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Year Round 
 
 
 Retail & Customer Service 
 
 
 Job Description: 
 Nufloors Fernie is looking for an energetic team player who enjoys working with customers and learning new skills. You would be responsible for greeting customers; help customers choose room colors, mix paint and other general store duties. 
 If you have a flair for color and design this is the job for you! 
 We offer: 
 
 Excellent earning potential 
 Friendly work environment 
 Training for the right person 
 Group benefits 
 
 We require: 
 
 A self-starter who offers a friendly greeting to customers 
 Someone who knows the importance of keeping our customers satisfied by asking open ended questions about customer’s projects to determine their needs 
 Matching products with the right features and benefits to meet customer’s expectations 
 The right candidate is someone who can deliver on promises made and takes pride in delivering exceptional customer service 
 Maintaining the Showroom 
 General office duties 
 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 An eye for making rooms more beautiful 
 Ability to lift 50 lbs 
 Grade 12 or equivalent 
 Proficient math skills 
 Excellent organizational, strong communication, interpersonal and problem solving skills 
 Computer skills a must 
 Ability to multi-task and be detailed oriented 
 
 If you have the required qualifications and would like to join our team please submit a covering letter and resume! 
 Only the most suitable candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
 Thank you for your interest in Nufloors Fernie. 
 Location 
 391 - 1st Avenue, Fernie, V0B 1M0 
 Apply Now 
 About 
 The 'Work in Fernie'  workforce attraction website  and online job board was created and is administered by the Fernie Chamber of Commerce - in partnership with Tourism Fernie. Seed funding for the initiative was provided by the Government of British Columbia. 
 Contact 
 Email address protected by JavaScript. 
Please enable JavaScript to contact me. 
Follow us on  Instagram  and  Facebook 
 (250) 423-6868 
 102 Commerce Road, Fernie, BC, V0B 1M5 
 
 
 Employment 
 
 Find A Job 
 Employment Resources 
 About 
 What's New 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
 
 
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce 
 
 Post A Job 
 Employer Login 
 Buy a Business 
 About the Fernie Chamber __ 
 Member Business Directory __ 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook (opens new window) 
 
 
 Follow us on Instagram (opens new window) 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Fernie Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved 
| 
 
 
 Web Design by Navigator Multimedia Inc. 
 
 
 GET WEEKLY JOB ALERTS TO YOUR INBOX 
 Be the first to know about exciting job opportunities in Fernie and the Elk Valley! 
 Close 
