Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mine Production Supervisor 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions 
 __Allan, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Mine Production Supervisor - (Allan, Saskatchewan, Canada) 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien is a leading provider of agricultural products, services, and solutions. With approximately 20,000 employees world-wide, we are the largest producer of potash (by capacity) and one of the world’s largest producers of nitrogen and phosphate. We also operate a leading agriculture retail network that services over 500,000 growers. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 Reporting to the Mine Shift Supervisor. 
 What you will do: 
Maintain safe working conditions by identifying hazardous conditions and initiating corrective action 
Understand and comply with the Company Code of Ethics 
Comply with and maintain current knowledge of the Collective Bargaining Agreement, Company Policies and Procedures, and Rules and Regulations 
Support and promote site safety programs 
Lead and support investigations for underground safety incidents and production loss incidents 
Provide updates the Mine Shift Supervisor and General Foremen 
Plan responsibilities and work assignments for crew 
Make recommendations for improvement 
Maintain good interpersonal relations with other departments 
Create schedules and provide feedback 
Manage performance of workers 
 Administration work for the crew such as:  vacation requests, schedule updates, work requests, time cards, JHAs, etc. 
 What you will bring: 
Excellent leadership skills 
Effective employee engagement and conflict management skills 
Effective communication skills 
Ability to use and adapt to the use of new technology such as computers/iPads and software used on such devices 
General knowledge of potash operations 
Minimum of 3 years’ experience working in a Potash mine, relevant schooling combined with less experience will also be considered 
Valid Supervisor’s Certificate issued by the Saskatchewan Chief Mines Inspector 
Class A qualification in First Aid 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
