Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Proofreader (contract to May 2020) 
 Harlequin 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview 
 Company:  HARLEQUIN ENTERPRISES ULC 
 Department:  Creative Operations 
 Reporting To:  Manager, Proofreading Services 
 Location:  Toronto, 41-22 Adelaide Street West 
 Status:  Contract to May 2020 
 Position Summary: 
To ensure that all materials published by Harlequin are delivered to the printer or online retailer without spelling, grammar or typographic errors, meeting all editorial house style and typesetting standards. 
 Responsibilities 
 1. Proofreads manuscripts using InDesign, checks and corrects spelling, grammar, continuity, formatting, word breaks and adherence to house style standards. Checks coding of all running heads, chapter openings and time breaks to ensure they are consistent with specific series. Ensures a high-quality product is produced after copyediting stage. 
 2. Verifies and corrects mistakes or changes highlighted by freelancer, author or editor on galleys. Checks final version for broken text or spaces to ensure book quality. Ensures that material is ready to print by checking continuity of the repaginated book. 
3. Proofreads ancillary materials including covers, prelims, back page ads and promotional materials, checking and correcting spelling and grammar to ensure a high-quality product is produced. Verifies that correct ISBN numbers and prices have been prepared for front and back covers for all English and Spanish books. Corrects as necessary. 
 4. Inserts corrections in epubs; performs quality check to ensure formatting and house style standards are maintained. 
 Qualifications 
 Specific training and job experience required for this position includes: 
 
 Post-secondary diploma/degree in publishing and/or experience in publishing. 
 Knowledge of InDesign. 
 
 Competencies & Skills: 
Competencies and skills required to perform this job include excellent writing and grammar skills, functional knowledge (publishing, editing, typography), keyboarding skills, a critical eye for detail, ability to concentrate, ability to work independently and as a team player, and ability to meet critical deadlines. 
 Harlequin is committed to providing accommodations in all parts of the hiring process. If you require an accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Harlequin is an equal opportunity employer. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
