
 FREE Sign Up 
 
 Search Jobs 
 Career Tips 
 E-Card 
 Benefits 
 Trainings 
  Employer  
 Log In 
  FREE Sign Up  
 
 iREMIT | Workbank 
 Search 
 I-Remit 
 One-time free remittance for OFWs 
 Land your overseas job through Workbank and enjoy a one-time free remittance service fee with I-Remit. 
 No account yet?  Sign up  here. 
 Terms & Conditions: 
 
 The Workbank Promo: Free Remittance Service Fees with I-Remit (hereinafter referred to as “Promo”) will run from December 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020 (the “Promo Period”). 
 The Promo is open to verified Workbank users who are tagged as hired for overseas job postings on the Workbank online platform (making them a “Qualified User”). 
 Once Workbank user is tagged as hired for overseas job posting by the employer of the post, the Workbank system will be triggered to send an email to the Qualified User containing a unique code (the “Promo Code”) that they can use to avail of the one-time free remittance service fees (the “Offer”). 
 To redeem the Offer, the Qualified User must present a valid ID and the email with the Promo Code – either printed or on mobile – to any of these I-Remit branches across the globe:
 
 Australia
 
 Blacktown 
 Perth 
 
 
 Hong Kong
 
 Lik Sang Plaza 
 World-wide Plaza 
 
 
 Japan
 
 Nagoya 
 Tokyo 
 
 
 Singapore 
 Taiwan
 
 Kaohsiung 
 Taipei 
 
 
 Italy
 
 Milan 
 Rome 
 
 
 United Kingdom
 
 London 
 
 
 Canada
 
 Calgary 
 Richmond 
 Toronto 
 
 
 
 
 The Promo Code is valid for six (6) months from the date it is sent to the Qualified User. 
 The Promo Code is not transferable and may not be converted to cash, credit or in kind or similar financial instruments. 
 In case of dispute in respect of the eligibility, coverage of dates and fulfillment, Workbank’s decision shall prevail. All questions or disputes regarding the eligibility for the Promo shall be resolved by Workbank and DTI. Any dispute concerning the products and services of I-Remit shall be settled directly between the Qualified User and I-Remit. 
 
 Chat✕ 
 × 
 Workbank uses cookies to customize user experience. By continued use, you agree to our privacy policy and accept our use of such cookies. For further information, click  More info 
 Accept 
