
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Tara AI (W15) 
 The smart and free Jira alternative 
 Product Designer | Remote (Global) 
 
 Location 
 Remote (US) / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Tara AI 
 Tara AI is building smart and modern software to solve complex problems such as project management. We're starting with a simple Jira alternative, that's helping thousands of teams deliver on planned releases, with more predictability. 
 Companies are losing an average of $66Bn per year through inefficiencies in software project management, leading to cost and timeline overruns. Platforms like Jira, take significant time to configure and are not built for cross-functional or remote teams. Today, most software built for project and release management is clunky and difficult to use. As a founding team, we faced similar problems at companies like Boeing, McKinsey, Google and Apple, and decided to band together to change the status quo. 
 We're a founding team of seasoned engineers and product folks, building for innovators. We're passionate about enabling engineers and builders that create the platforms the world uses, everyday. Our investors include YCombinator, Acrew and Slack Fund. 
 At Tara, we’re creating a new normal where technical and business teams alike, can make informed decisions across the entire product spectrum. If you have an innate curiosity around software teams and their processes and an inherent desire to solve their problems, we want to hear from you. 
 About the role 
 ** 
 Application Link: https://jobs.gohire.io/tara-ai-wyqbsv6l/product-designer-remote-global-32254/ 
 ** 
 We believe software should work for you. Yet, product development software has remained unchanged for the past 20 years; it’s difficult to use, requires heavy configuration and takes engineering time away from true, productive work. 
 At Tara, we’re designing simple yet powerful software to solve complex problems around product delivery. We've built a smart platform that's helping thousands of engineers and teams deliver on planned releases, with improved predictability. 
 We're a founding team of seasoned engineers and product folks, building for innovators. We're passionate about enabling engineers and builders that create the platforms the world uses, everyday. Our investors include YCombinator, Acrew and Slack Fund. 
 If you have an innate curiosity around software teams with a desire to solve their problems, we would love to hear from you. 
 Your role at Tara 
 
 Partner with product management, engineering, and customers themselves to define customer problems and pain points 
 Conduct user studies and translate insights into product workflows and features that address those problems in innovative ways that fundamentally change how people work 
 Steward the design thinking process by developing user & process flows, storyboards, and high-fidelity clickable prototypes that can be used to help customers and internal stakeholders aligns on proposed solutions 
 Collaborate with product management and engineering to translate user needs and technical requirements into product designs that flow from our principles 
 Validate designs via concept and usability testing in partnership with with product management 
 Create user interface specifications and production-ready assets to ship product in a rapidly evolving market / landscape 
 
 About you 
 
 4+ years of experience designing products for desktop, web, and mobile 
 Strong capacity to identify, analyze, describe user needs, behaviors, and usage patterns – both explicit and implicit. 
 Strong knowledge of user research methodologies and tools and a thorough understanding of user-centric design / best practices 
 Strong commitment to rapid iteration, focused on generating customer learnings early and often 
 Ability to balance systemic thinking and attention to detail 
 Ability to work cross-functionally in a dynamic, highly collaborative environment 
 
 What we offer 
 
 100% healthcare coverage with Platinum medical and dental plans 
 Unlimited paid time off (PTO) policy 
 401(k) plan 
 Stock options 
 Regular virtual happy hours and team bonding activities 
 
 Technology 
 React, NodeJS, Redux, Hooks, Firebase, Firestore, Google Cloud Platform 
 Other jobs at Tara AI 
 Product Designer | Remote (Global) 
 fulltime 
 Remote (US) / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Data Scientist | Remote (US) 
 fulltime 
 Remote (US) / Remote 
 Data Science 
 1+ years 
 Product Manager, Growth & Activation | Remote (US) 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Content Intern | Remote (Global) 
 intern 
 Remote / Remote 
 Any 
 Video Intern | Remote (Global) 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
