Science News, Fodder for Fiction 
 SciLights Blog 
 
 Home 
 About SciLights 
 Topical News Links 
 
 Divorce 
 Domestic Abuse 
 Employment Trends 
 Gaming 
 Gynecology - General 
 
 Miscarriage 
 
 
 Substance Abuse 
 
 
 Your Input 
 
 Archive for category Writing Tools 
 3rd Dramatic Situation: Crime Pursued by Vengeance 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Polti Dramatic Situations  on October 22, 2011 
 This information is from Georg Polti's The Thirty-Six Dramatic Situations with supplementary synopsis where I could find a reference online. Each synopsis focuses only on the main characters and eliminates other aspects of the plot. III. Crime Pursued by Vengeance: Avenger; Criminal A. 1. The Avenging of a Slain Parent or Ancestor "The Singer" (anonymous) […] 
 36 dramatic situations ,  georg polti ,  thirty-six dramatic situations 
 1 Comment 
 Hogwarts School Houses Sorted by Personality Type 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Literature ,  Personality Types ,  Writing Tools  on June 16, 2011 
 Several websites and numerous hobbyists have already given their input on how personality types can be arranged into the four houses of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. Add this to the list. I do not take this seriously. I am writing it with serious intent, but […] 
 Gryffindor ,  Harry Potter ,  Hogwarts ,  Hufflepuff ,  Ravenclaw ,  Slytherin ,  socionics 
 2 Comments 
 Character Worksheet for You  . 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Writing Career ,  Writing Tools  on December 13, 2009 
 I have a gift for you, and you, and you, and you … aw, bummer, you don't feel special that my gift's not just for you, and you alone?  I can't claim any ownership about the idea of developing a character worksheet. As a matter of fact, my inspiration for creating the character worksheet came […] 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 You are currently browsing the archives for the Writing Tools category. 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thematic Notes on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 
 3rd Dramatic Situation: Crime Pursued by Vengeance 
 Anxiety research for fiction 
 ILE (ENTp) intertype relations 
 Temperaments and Alchemical Elements 
 
 
 
 Older Posts 
 
 
 Older Posts Select Month February 2012  (1) October 2011  (1) September 2011  (1) August 2011  (1) July 2011  (1) June 2011  (1) April 2011  (6) March 2011  (1) May 2010  (1) January 2010  (1) December 2009  (1) October 2009  (1) 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
   Strange Science {Daily} 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   AAAS.org 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 RSS Link 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
