  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Sales & Marketing  
 
 Sales & Marketing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 Last month 
 Community Manager for Thai market (remote) 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 We are looking for a native-level Thai Community Manager to remotely join our regional team and help us to improve our online brand reputation onThai market. If you are a tech-savvy professional and a social media enthusiast with experience using Facebook and Instagram, we would like to meet you! 
 This job is for you if you are confident with digital technology, and you know the latest trends in social media and best practice like the back of your hand. We are looking for an experienced commercial community and social media manager with knowledge in Thai market and trends. 
 We are looking for a Thai native fluent in English or Spanish that can work fully remotely. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. L. Last reply: Last month  Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last month 
 Community Manager for Chinese market (remote) 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a native-level Chinese Community Manager to remotely join our regional team and help us to improve our online brand reputation on Chinese market. If you are a tech-savvy professional and a social media enthusiast with experience using WeChat and Weibo, we would like to meet you! 
 This job is for you if you are confident with digital technology, and you know the latest trends in social media and best practice like the back of your hand. We are looking for an experienced commercial community and social media manager with knowledge in Chinese market and trends. 
 We are looking for a Chinese native fluent in English or Spanish that can work fully remotely. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. L. Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last month 
 Customer Services Representative. 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 This project is only for english speakers who have experiences in Customer Services. 
 I need Agents very responsable, hardworking and with experience in Customer Services, etc. 
 The rate per hours will be $5.00.  During the training, Agents must have to attend the classes and do the homework everyday. 
Do not have to miss any task and any day. This project is for a long term. 
 This is a new project, the agent will work between 40-50 hours.. That means $200-$250 per weeks. 
 The Agents will work for the largest wholesale provider of roadside in the business (Road Side Assistance) within USA. Agents can work during 365 days of the year and 24/7. 
 Please if you are interested, send your Voice Recording now and  describe yourself and tell us about your experiences.. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. L. Last reply: Last month  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Briobella - Freelancer 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 1 
 Currently located in India, BrioBella produces mesmerising sets of Jewellery and diamond rings for every occasion. We are actively looking for new locations for more stores and rapidly stretching all over the world. 
 BrioBella is one of the world's leading brands that specialises in manufacturing Diamond Jewellery and diamond rings that have the perfect cut and shape, just like the perfect affection between you and the one who will be the owner of the Jewellery. 
 The stones are sourced from all over the world and are carefully selected to ensure the best quality and cut. We collaborate with skilled artisans to bring you unique pieces and we take pride in each and every piece that we make. 
 BrioBella has the best hands for every task so that there is no compromise, whatsoever with your high class Jewellery that you buy for to gift your loved one as a symbol of the part of your heart where they reside. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. B. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Need a sales marketer 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 2 
 hi 
I need a sales marketer for my project urgently 
I'll pay you 45$-50$ per sale 
tell your rate 
send the proposal for more information 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. N. India 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 Last month 
 Help our loan comparator to get Google traffic 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 3 
 We have three loan comparators in Spain. There is falling organic traffic in the main one. We need some local experienced person, who will go through the website and make some report mainly of content quality, content problems, etc. 
 BEWARE: We are running loan comparators around the world based on getting Google organic traffic. Basic analysis: missing/long short meta descriptions will NOT be accepted. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 Published by:  M. M. Last reply: Last month  Czech Republic 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Social Media Manager 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 16 
 I need a social media manager for one social media, on a monthly base. The idea is to post twice a week and interact with users. I will also need to see in advance how is a monthly plan and strategy for the posts and validate it each month. 
This is a monthly based project. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Tany V. Last reply: 17 hours ago  Italy 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
