Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Stores I 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
As a Stores I, you will be responsible for performing a variety of tasks associated with the picking, packaging, shipping and receiving of orders for hospital supplies, equipment and/or food in accordance with AHS guidelines and standards. You will process incoming requisitions and distribute supplies, complete cart audits for quality assurance and communicates frequently with stakeholders to ensure appropriate and correct quantity of supplies are available. In addition, you will track and report on inventory to ensure over stocking does not occur. 
 Description: 
As a Stores I, you will be responsible for performing a variety of tasks associated with the picking, packaging, shipping and receiving of orders for hospital supplies, equipment and/or food in accordance with AHS guidelines and standards. You will process incoming requisitions and distribute supplies, complete cart audits for quality assurance and communicates frequently with stakeholders to ensure appropriate and correct quantity of supplies are available. In addition, you will track and report on inventory to ensure over stocking does not occur. 
 Classification:  Stores I 
 Union:  AUPE GSS 
 Department:  CGY CPSM Distribution Intrnl 1 
 Primary Location:  Rockyview General Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.00 
 Posting End Date:  27-NOV-2020 
 Employee Class:  Casual/Relief 
 Date Available:  21-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  Varies 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  Varies 
 Shifts per cycle:  Varies 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends, On Call 
 Days Off:  Other 
 Minimum Salary:  $21.70 
 Maximum Salary:  $24.26 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of Grade 12 or equivalent. Must be capable of pushing and pulling heavy wheeled carts up to and occasionally exceeding 275 Kgs. Must be capable of walking and or standing for long periods of time. Must regularly use hand and arms to reach, lift, and carry heavy items up to 25 kg. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Grade 12 or equivalent education. Recent experience in shipping, receiving, warehousing, and material handling. Preferably within a hospital setting. Recent experience in a computerized inventory control system. Preferably of medical/surgical supplies used in a hospital environment. Experience in the use of a computer and application software (Microsoft Office Suite, Oracle) with accuracy in data entry. Ability to read, write, and comprehend English fluently. Communicate effectively with all levels of staff, customers, and vendors. Attention to detail and the ability to work with limited supervision. Must be capable of frequent heavy lifting and carrying of objects up to 40 kg. Must be capable of pushing and pulling heavy wheeled carts up to and occasionally exceeding 275 kg. Must be capable of walking and or standing for long periods of time. Reliable, cooperative, and able to demonstrate effective service attitude. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Knowledge and understanding of aseptic techniques. Ability to perform basic accounting functions. Current certificates in TDG, WHMIS, and Core AHS Training. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
