  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  IT & Programming jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Software de Video Analítica 
 Published on the May 14, 2018 in IT & Programming 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 it-programming / others-5 
 USD 100 - 250 
 I need an analytical video software in Spanish/English with: 
*Perimeter movement sensor (as shown in the videos sent and by the images sent by you at the beginning of the conversation). 
*Object tracking, (as shown in the videos sent). 
*People counting and facial recognition (with database this recognition is to validate the entry and exit of authorized personnel). 
 
 Have a minimum database for 5000 records that will serve for facial recognition. 
*Must be able to send emails (minimum 5 accounts) with images by generated alerts and view the  cameras from a mobile device. 
*Additionally the software must send emails and images simultaneously for each alert and generate metrics of the events. 
 The software will be hosted on a server or in the cloud and will be installed remotely, so you must work with WiFi. 
 This includes an app to view the cameras remotely. 
 A dashboard that generates the metrics. 
 The dashboard with the metrics must be accessed with a password. 
 Send emails with alerts and images of the events and photo of the person who approaches or stays longer than allowed in the delimited area (polygon). 
 Software, dashboard and APP would go with our brand. 
 It has to be closed code. 
 The use would be for all IP cameras without distinction of brands or models. 
 Bi-directional audio. 
 As you can see in the videos, areas must be delimited so that nobody can access at pre-established times and also send images and alerts in case this polygon is accessed. 
 
 
 
 Security Module.- Module where all users, roles and access to the registry will be registered. 
Surveillance system. 
Module of Chambers.- Module where the registration and configuration of the security IP cameras. 
Configuration Module.- Module where the configuration of the perimeters of the surveillance, camera groups, proximity sensors and security clocks. 
Sensor Module.- Module where the registration and configuration of the Proximity sensors for night watch. 
Video Module.- Module where the recording time configuration will be made, format of the videos, saved the videos and backup. 
Facial Capture Module.- Module where the capture of the facial points will be made 
that the system can perform the recognition. A database of all registered faces will be created. 
Recognition Module.- Module where the configuration for the parameters will be made 
of facial recognitions and access to different areas 
Counting Module.- Module where configuration will be made for the counting of personnel that approach the security perimeters and sensors. The system can differentiate between 
man and woman. 
 Included Links as an example of what we need: 
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Oc_PxFSw4 
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?list=PLycfb8OrfV4qsttmxd8dEwTw7qPcPG-S8&t=13s&v=1jio78pR0zU 
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=11s&v=fUmvZgISKU4 
 https://youtu.be/prHF_nkaZ0Q 
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Oc_PxFSw4 
 Category  IT & Programming 
Subcategory  Other 
Project size  Medium 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
I currently have  I have specifications 
Required availability  As needed 
Experience in this type of projects  Yes (I have managed this kind of project before) 
API Integrations  Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 HTML5   MySQL   PHP 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  H. N.  
 2 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: May 2018 
 Project activity 
 1 
 Bids 
 2 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
 Other projects posted by H. N. 
 
 Community Manager  Evaluating bids 
 
 31 proposals  Fixed price 
 View project 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
