  
 
 Home 
 About 
 Join 
 Blog 
 
 Postcards from Smartopia Most Recent Post 
 Jobs galore! Our upcoming career fair can help connect you with your next amazing opportunity. 
 April 18, 2013 1:15 pm  Posted by:  Brittany C.  Location:  Durham  Comments:   0 
 
 Smarty Pants Ambassador 
 Brittany C. 
 Durham, NC 
 Marketing Assistant, WCED 
 
 Tweet 
 [](http://digg.com/submit?url=&title=Jobs galore! Our upcoming career fair can help connect you with your next amazing opportunity.&bodytext=) 
 Ok SmartyPants, 
 The temperatures are rising, the days are getting longer, the flowers are in bloom and the employers are scouting for talent. I know, you're wondering what's the connection right? Well, that part doesn't matter. All you need to know is that companies in the Triangle are hiring! Jobs are plentiful here in Smartopia, no matter what your  thing  is. 
 Are you a computer nerd who loves programming? There's a job for that. Mastermind of strategy that thrives off of a well-executed plan? There's a job for that. Brainiac with a cranium full of ideas about the next big thing? There's a company that's looking for that! Medical maven with a microscope determined to cure the world one breakthrough at a time? There's a company that's looking for that too! 
 How do you get to this land of opportunity you ask?  No, there's no treasure map to follow and no you don't need a secret passageway to get to it, just keep reading. 
 As a part of our dedication to you, and your awesome brain power, we just  had  to make sure that you were aware of our upcoming job fair! Below you will find all the tantalizing details of jobs and companies that need geniuses like you! Go ahead take a look, we promise you'll like it! 
 Come Tech Out The Triangle ! This job fair is collaboration between Work in the Triangle, the  Council for Entrepreneurial Development  and the  North Carolina Technology Association . With a focus on talent in the technology field, 35 employers from some of the Triangle's top tech Companies will be in attendance. This event will be held Wednesday, April 24th 2013 at the Sheraton Imperial hotel in Durham, NC from 8am to 11:30 am. Attendance is FREE all you have to do is go online and register! Here are some of the companies that will be there:  
 
 
 Bronto 
 Allscripts 
 Fidelity Investments 
 Channel Advisor 
 LexisNexis 
 Bandwidth.com 
 Plus many more! 
 
 Oh but it gets better, we are also holding a virtual job fair that day. We'll tweet some of the hottest jobs all day long and companies will post their openings all over the twittersphere. You don't want to miss this so be sure to follow us  @WorkTriangleNC  and watch for the hashtag #ComeTechOutNC. 
 With all of these opportunities around what are you waiting for? Click those links and get registered! We want to help connect you with your next totally awesome job right here in the Triangle. Have questions? Tweet us or shoot us an email at  info@workinthetriangle.com . Grab your resume, secure your smart glasses and hold on to your SmartyPants because this is going to be an amazing month to #WorkintheTriangle! 
 Recent Comments 
 There are no comments yet -- leave a comment  ↓ 
 Add a comment 
 Name:* Email:* Website: * Is water wet or dry?: *** Comment: 
 Recent Posts 
 [ 
 It's That Time Again! Come Tech out NC! 
 by Brittany C. 
 ](/smarty-pants-ambassador/blog/its-that-time-again-come-tech-out-nc) [ 
 What's Your Raleigh Love Story? 
 by Brittany C. 
 ](/smarty-pants-ambassador/blog/whats-your-raleigh-love-story) [ 
 Raleigh tops Best Places for Business list 
 by Brittany C. 
 ](/smarty-pants-ambassador/blog/raleigh-tops-best-places-for-business-list) 
 More Posts 
 Share the good news » 
 Follow us on: 
 YouTube   Twitter   Flickr   Facebook 
 Search 
