Skip to content 
 Going Down Writing 
 Phil South's Creative blog 
 Just do the job 
 Creative Genius 
 Shiva 
 It's important your writing does the job it was made for. I was reminded of this recently reading about the writing of the classic monologue  " The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God".  J. Milton Hayes is quoted as saying: 
 " I wrote The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God in five hours, but I had it all planned out. It isn't poetry and it does not pretend to be, but it does what it sets out to do. It appeals to the imagination from the start: those colours, green and yellow, create an atmosphere. Then India, everyone has his own idea of India. Don't tell the public too much. Strike chords. It is no use describing a house; the reader will fix the scene in some spot he knows himself. All you've got to say is 'India' and a man sees something. Then play on his susceptibilities." 
 Here for your amusement and entertainment I submit to you the full text of the original 1911 dramatic monologue. Bonus points if you can make anything using this as a basis, a novel, an animation, a piece of musical theatre . . . go nuts. Let your creativity free. 
 oOo 
 The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God 
 by J. Milton Hayes 
 There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu, 
There's a little marble cross below the town; 
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew, 
And the Yellow God forever gazes down. 
 He was known as "Mad Carew" by the subs at Khatmandu, 
He was hotter than they felt inclined to tell; 
But for all his foolish pranks, he was worshipped in the ranks, 
And the Colonel's daughter smiled on him as well. 
 He had loved her all along, with a passion of the strong, 
The fact that she loved him was plain to all. 
She was nearly twenty-one and arrangements had begun 
To celebrate her birthday with a ball. 
 He wrote to ask what present she would like from Mad Carew; 
They met next day as he dismissed a squad; 
And jestingly she told him then that nothing else would do 
But the green eye of the little Yellow God. 
 On the night before the dance, Mad Carew seemed in a trance, 
And they chaffed him as they puffed at their cigars: 
But for once he failed to smile, and he sat alone awhile, 
Then went out into the night beneath the stars. 
 He returned before the dawn, with his shirt and tunic torn, 
And a gash across his temple dripping red; 
He was patched up right away, and he slept through all the day, 
And the Colonel's daughter watched beside his bed. 
 He woke at last and asked if they could send his tunic through; 
She brought it, and he thanked her with a nod; 
He bade her search the pocket saying "That's from Mad Carew," 
And she found the little green eye of the god. 
 She upbraided poor Carew in the way that women do, 
Though both her eyes were strangely hot and wet; 
But she wouldn't take the stone and Mad Carew was left alone 
With the jewel that he'd chanced his life to get. 
 When the ball was at its height, on that still and tropic night, 
She thought of him and hurried to his room; 
As she crossed the barrack square she could hear the dreamy air 
Of a waltz tune softly stealing thro' the gloom. 
 His door was open wide, with silver moonlight shining through; 
The place was wet and slipp'ry where she trod; 
An ugly knife lay buried in the heart of Mad Carew, 
'Twas the "Vengeance of the Little Yellow God." 
 There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu, 
There's a little marble cross below the town; 
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew, 
And the Yellow God forever gazes down. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print with Joliprint 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 February 26, 2013November 14, 2017   Phil South adult author ,  art ,  bestsellers ,  books ,  creative writing ,  creativity ,  flow ,  ideas ,  literary novels ,  nostalgia ,  writing 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Sense your life for true creative power 
 Next Next post: Buzz Words = Bad 
 Phil South 
 I am a writer, filmmaker and teacher based in South Wales. Not from these parts but the natives are friendly. This blog is all about creativity in general and writing in particular. 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Previously on GDW 
 
 Scars & Stripes - a fable about fear 
 Dojo of the Mind LEGO 
 Trick Yourself Into Being Productive 
 Midnight Movie Fest 3 - the 70s 
 Midnight Movie Fest 2 - The 60s 
 Midnight Movie Festival - the 50s 
 Maria Popova on the Tim Ferriss Show 
 THE OLD BROKEN HOUSE: a fable about us 
 Always have a project 
 Omvana session 
 Your brain on Beer or Coffee 
 The Indian's Dream (excerpt) 
 Writing as a way of thinking 
 Buzz Words = Bad 
 Just do the job 
 Sense your life for true creative power 
 The 1933 Frankencam Project 
 The Rule of Two – Infographic 
 Creativity Through Perfume 
 Artist to writer, making the switch 
 Know what you want 
 How to write like . . . Ian Fleming 
 How to write like . . . Neil Gaiman 
 How to write like . . . Douglas Adams 
 How to write like . . . David Lynch 
 How to write like . . . Philip K Dick 
 Patricia Cornwell's Creative Techniques 
 7 rules to being a creative writing genius 
 Influenzpiration and Music Therapy 
 The Magic of Certainty and the evil of SELF SABOTAGE 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,957 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
