Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 REPOST: Project Field Supervisor - Faculty of Science 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday, 8:30 - 4:30 - 2 Year Contract 
Education Level 2 year diploma in Construction Engineering 
Career Level 6 years relevant experience, includes 3 years experience for Gold Seal Certificate 
 Job Description 
 JD # JD00156 
 Pay Grade:  10 
 Title:  Project Field Supervisor 
 Unit/Project Description: 
McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer groundbreaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. The Office of Research & External Relations within the Faculty offers services and support to our faculty members in 8 Departments and Schools enabling them to make discoveries and showcase their impact. We are looking for an experienced project manager to work with our Department of Biology to help manage renovations of our Life Sciences Building and construction of new state-of-the-art research green house on McMaster's main campus. The Department of Biology is a thriving community of scientists working in diverse areas, who are committed to excellence and innovation in research, training, teaching, and outreach. The Department has 30 full time research-active faculty members, 2 teaching-track faculty members, and approximately 80 graduate and 900 undergraduate students (https://biology.mcmaster.ca. Reporting to the Director, Research & Planning, the incumbent will work closely with faculty members and research staff to ensure their needs are met in the final construction, and help maintain research operations and facilities during the construction and renovation period. The incumbent will be a critical member of the team bringing the vision of a renewed Life Science Building and state-of-the-art research greenhouse to life. 
 Job Summary: 
The Project Field Supervisor is responsible for ensuring field operations of capital projects with the University are executed without incident. Provides general expertise in project supervision of trades and ensures all parties involved in projects are apprised of project expectations and deadlines. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
 
 Develop and evaluate critical path schedules, identify occupancy issues, building code requirements, and user move-in requirements. 
 Develop, design, and implement the security infrastructure to protect the fixed assets of the University's new capital projects. 
 Review and interpret user requirements and define functionality to be incorporated into building design. 
 Discuss, clarify, and define various technical issues that arise throughout the course of a large scale construction project. 
 Troubleshoot and resolve building envelope and system failures. 
 Monitor construction site activities to ensure contract conformance and adherence to the project specifications. Negotiate a compromise between parties when a conflict arises. 
 Review cost break-outs and quantifications of proposed design changes to accommodate user requirements, errors, omissions, and site conditions. 
 Understand and interpret design specifications, schematics, and drawings of large complex construction projects. 
 Format and interpret technical matrices pertaining to building operation systems and end-user requirements. 
 Write instructions and specifications for architects and engineers during the design phase of large capital projects. 
 Compile detailed logs of site activities and scheduling issues. 
 Develop budget analyses and costing reports. 
 Provide estimates and prepare tender documents for new construction. 
 Complete and submit a variety of forms such as purchase requisitions and work order forms. 
 Develop and present training and information sessions. 
 Liaise with contractors and the community to mitigate construction disruptions and scheduling. 
 Exchange technical information with others. 
 Facilitate project meetings with colleagues and consultants. 
 Interpret budget projections and forecast for future expenditures. 
 Compile and review information pertaining to operating procedures required for bringing capital projects on line. 
 Coordinate the start-up of building operations with other University departments. 
 Commission new buildings. 
 
 Supervision: 
Ensure adherence to quality standards and procedures for short-term staff. 
 Requirements: 
 
 2 year Community College diploma in Construction Engineering or related field. 
 Certified Gold Seal designation. 
 Requires a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience, includes 3 years experience for Gold Seal Certificate. 
 
 Assets: 
 
 Experience designing and building science and medical laboratories, installing research infrastruction, and working in a University or College setting. 
 Experience with greenhouse construction. 
 Experience with planning moves and decanting of research laboratories, including vacating existing space, developing plans for temporary set-ups, and facilitating the move into temporary locations, and back to new spaces. 
 Ability to work with researchers to transfer technical needs of researchers to drawings to ensure a successful project 
 Ability work closely and cooperatively with all stakeholders, including faculty members, the Department, the Dean's Office, archectural firm, and McMaster's Facility Services Department who is the lead on the project. 
 Strong communication and organizational skills are critical and essential 
 
 Additional Information: 
The successful candidate will have experience with or demonstrate the following: 
 
 Ability to easily collaborate within a team environment 
 Strong commitment to maintaining a professional working environment 
 Ability to work independently on sometimes tight timelines and on multiple projects 
 Very strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build and maintain relationships with faculty members, Faculty staff, McMaster stakeholders and external partners 
 Demonstrated high level of initiative and follow through 
 Ability to problem solve and respond creatively to resolve issues and maintain workflow. 
 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
