Skip to content 
     
 Lola's Curmudgeonly Musings 
 Tag: job changes 
 If it's Friday, it must mean leftovers . . . 
 Published on  October 23, 2009October 25, 2009  by  Poietes 6 Comments 
 
 Gloria Swanson as Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard 
 
 Joe Gillis: "You're Norma Desmond. You used to be in silent pictures. You used to be big." 
 Norma Desmond: "I  am  big. It's the  pictures  that got small." ~ From  Sunset Boulevard 
 No post yesterday as I could think of absolutely nothing interesting to say. Hate it when that happens. 
 A few bits and pieces for my Friday Leftovers: 
 ♦ One of my favorite bloggers has taken down her blog. I deleted it from my blogroll today and have to say that it gave me a pang of sadness to do so. She is a wonderful writer and has a great turn with words. I'm hoping that she will reconsider and come back with a new iteration. Although I must admit that I understand too well her comment about how she feels that her blog has become too whiney. I often feel that way myself, although, it doesn't stop me from continuing to whine and post. Perhaps she has the right idea . . . Just a thought. 
 ♦ I've been reading the latest on what Junior Senator Al Franken of Minnesota is doing, and boy am I glad that he was finally sworn in. The man is incredibly intelligent and is working quickly to make a name for himself. In one article, Franken took to task conservative economist Diana Furchtgott-Roth for claiming that the Democrats’ healthcare reforms would increase the number of bankruptcies filed for medical reasons. As Franken pointed out, countries with national healthcare, such as Switzerland, Germany, and France had exactly zero bankruptcies due to medical crises last year. So nice when sweeping generalizations are countered with cold, hard facts. 
 Movie Poster for Sunset Boulevard 
 ♦ In my ongoing quest to add new titles to my music playlists, I have downloaded some songs from the movie  Across the Universe  , which features covers of Beatles' songs. Even though the Beatles still rank as one of my favorite bands, I am not a Beatle elitist, and I really enjoy a good cover. I'm including one of my favorites at the end of this post. It's by Fiona Apple, who has a wonderful voice. The song is actually not from the movie but from the television show "Smallville," but it is a Beatles' cover nonetheless. 
 ♦ I have asked Corey to go through the storage bins again and find me some new-old reading material. I haven't read a book in almost two weeks, and I'm going through withdrawal. Of course, for most of those days, I couldn't read because of the blasted migraine, but the pain has settled into just a general tight discomfort, so I want to read. In particular, I'm craving my Ann Rule books. If you like a tightly-written true crime novel, she is the best in her genre. 
 ♦ Speaking of migraines, I think that I'm clenching my teeth again. Actually, I'm sure of it. When I first wake up, my jaw is very tight, and it hurts, just like it used to years ago when I was clenching and grinding in my sleep. I actually had two jaw surgeries because of my TMJ. I hope that just by being aware of it now I can reteach myself not to clench. No more surgeries for me. 
 ♦ Last week this time it was about 46° F outside. Today it's about 80° F. I  love  this area. It's just a hotbed for extremes, which wreaks havoc on the sinuses. Common saying about Tidewater/Hampton Roads: "If you don't like the weather, just wait a few hours." 
 ♦ I glanced at the calendar today, and am completely mystified as to how it is October already, let alone almost Halloween. I am so not ready for the holidays. I hope to make it through November reasonably well this year, but I never know. November is such a horrible month for me—too many bad anniversaries. Here's hoping that I don't crash and burn like I did last November. 
 Norma Desmond: "There once was a time in this business when I had the eyes of the whole world! But that wasn't good enough for them, oh no! They had to have the ears of the whole world too. So they opened their big mouths and out came talk. Talk! TALK!" ~ From  Sunset Boulevard 
 ♦ Another political aside: Darth Dick Cheney received the Center for Security Policy's  Keeper of the Flame  Award. Looking on and listening to Cheney were convicted felon Scooter Libby and former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. Great company. Essentially, the speech was filled with more of Cheney's nonsensical commentary about how life was safe under Bush and Cheney (for, and I quote, "seven years, four months, and nine days") and life is horrible now because . . . well . . . Obama hasn't resolved the war in Afghanistan that Cheney started . . . This administration isn't using the former administration's review of the eight-year-old war. I believe the word dithering was used. Hmm, if Cheney had such a great plan to end the war, why didn't he do it when he was in office? Why did requests for more troops sit unanswered for eight months? Why was Afghanistan clearly relegated to secondary status after Iraq? But most importantly, why is this man still speaking, and why are people still listening? "Keeper of the Flame"? More like perpetuator of flaming discord. Beh. 
 ♦ One more: When I mentioned earlier that I didn't think that President Obama's White House should openly engage in a fracas with Fox Noise, I said that the publicity would only encourage them. Boy was I right, and not in a good way. People: Calm Down. Some of you need to be reminded that the Bush administration regularly neglected to allow commentators and news people from networks and radio stations that were perceived to be too liberal or anti-Bush. Whenever W. invited talk radio hosts to the White House, liberal hosts were never included, but conservative braniacs like Glenn Beck were. In the last two years of the administration, NBC, and MSNBC were regularly left off lists. And dare I mention that little tidbit about how W.'s communications people  paid  journalists to ask questions? Remember Jeff Gannon of the questionable Talon News? 'Nuff said. 
 ♦ Sending good luck wishes across the world to Australia for Maureen of  White Orchid , who is waiting to hear about her new job, and her daughter Prue, who is scheduled for surgery. A stressful time for everyone. Hoping that everything turns out well. 
 ♦ On this front, still waiting to see if Social Security is going to approve my disability claim  this  time. Had to send them additional information. Have I mentioned before how much I love bureaucracies and paper work? 
 ♦ Someone please explain to me why it would be bad to have healthcare for everyone who needs it? I know that we aren't going to get exactly what we need, but if we get nothing again this time, then I am going to work my butt off in the campaign to rescind healthcare for Congress at no cost. Why do they deserve healthcare, but everyone else does not? And don't try to tell me that this statement and the one above contradict each other. I would gladly fill out forms if it meant that I was getting somewhere. It's the constant completion of forms without any forward progress that irks me. 
 ♦ President Obama is coming to Virginia on Tuesday on behalf of Democratic candidate for governor Creigh Deeds. About time, I say. I'm not really sure why Obama waited so long to get involved in this race as it's a big one. Virginia almost always goes with a Republican governor when the President is a Democrat. This time, we had a chance to keep a Democrat, yet Obama has not done much in the way of supporting Deeds. You would think that he would have worked harder to retain a state that went blue for the first time since 1964. 
 ♦ Windows has come out with Windows 7. Excuse me, but I still can't use this frigging Windows Vista without my computer locking up at least once a day. Windows XP was a wonderful operating system. I loved it, loved everything about it, considered it the best since Windows 95. What is it with Windows? I know, Macs are better, but who can afford a Mac? If they weren't so blasted expensive, I'd say convert all of the PC's to Macs, but of course, that is completely out of the question. Corey likes to remind me that he has no problems with Vista. Yep. Okay. Whatever. 
 Norma Desmond: "We didn't need dialogue. We had faces." ~ From  Sunset Boulevard 
 Carol Burnett as Norma Desmond 
 ♦ When I proofed this post on Sunday, I realized that an entire paragraph was missing, the one that explains the whole  Sunset Boulevard  theme: In case you did not recognize the quote "I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. DeMille," it is taken from  Sunset Boulevard  , a classic movie starring Gloria Swanson as Norma Desmond, an aging, delusional movie star. That particular line comes at the end of the movie. Some of you may remember Carol Burnett's hilarious turn as Norma Desmond on the old "Carol Burnett Show." 
 ♦ Nothing yet on the job front for Corey. He did submit his application to Newport News Shipbuilding for their apprentice program, but we have no idea as to how long that process takes. If he gets in, it would be a great move. He would get a decent salary as an apprentice with full benefits, plus he would finish the program with an Associate's Degree. I'm really hoping that this works out because the whole tug boat thing is at a standstill. 
 ♦ Mom decided not to replace her roof right now, this after weeks of calling us every couple of hours about what to do. My mother is decidedly single-minded once she is focused on something, and then, she turns on a dime. Not even trying to figure her out any more. 
 ♦ By the way,  any more  is technically supposed to be two words all of the time. Over time, anymore as one word has been substituted, but it is not preferred grammatically. The difference is that any more as two words signifies any longer. When used as one word, it is a colloquialism for nowadays: Not a day goes by without a headache anymore. Yuck. 
 ♦ Other than that, everything else is pretty much normal. Tillie is fine after her last episode. Brett is trying to stay caught up in school, and Eamonn is still working on his construction job until the new school semester. Not hearing a lot from Alexis these days. Not sure if she is in one of her moods, or just extraordinarily busy. Such is life when everyone is busy with their own things. Oh yes, the van is still running nicely, and the truck is still dead.  Good and bad, as usual. 
 Here's hoping that nothing else too dramatic happens in the next few days. However, I've been on the phone (currently on hold) with my retirement fund for the past 20 minutes regarding a withdrawal, and I don't think that I'm going to hear what I want to hear; this after speaking to three different people about this transaction and being told that everything was fine. Why oh why, I am whining to myself. 
 More later. Peace. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  All In The Family ,  And there was music . . . ,  Being Brutally Honest ,  blogsurfer.us ,  Cinema and Theatre ,  Curmudgeonly Comments ,  Friends and Family ,  I Read The News Today . . . Oh Boy ,  Just Keep Breathing ,  Let There Be Lists ,  Life or Something Similar ,  Maybe I'm Amazed ,  Our Writing Selves ,  Poietes ,  Politics and Strange Bedfellows ,  There Has to Be Humor or We'd All Be Dead ,  Upon Reflection . . . ,  What Aggravates Us ,  wordpress.com ,  Writing blogs ,  You're Kidding, Right? •Tags  Across the Universe ,  Ann Rule ,  any more ,  associate's degree ,  Australia ,  Beatles' covers ,  blogsurfer.us ,  bureacratic bull ,  Congress ,  Darth Cheney ,  disability ,  drama ,  family ,  Fiona Apple ,  Gloria Swanson ,  healthcare for all ,  Jeff Gannon ,  job changes ,  liberal commentators ,  long November ,  Mac computers ,  MSNBC ,  Newport News Shipbuilding apprentice program ,  no free healthcare for Congress ,  Norma Desmond ,  Poietes ,  Politics ,  President Obama ,  reading ,  retirement plan ,  Rumsfeld ,  Scooter Libby ,  Senator Al Franken of Minnesota ,  Sunset Boulevard ,  Talon News ,  time flies ,  true-crime genre ,  Virginia governor's race ,  W. ,  war in Afghanistan ,  Windows operating systems ,  wordpress.com ,  Writing blogs 
 Me. On most days... 
 Pages 
 
 Somewhat About Me 
 Collecting Dust 
 Perchance to Dream 
 
 Search for: 
 “Pulvis et umbra sumus. (We are but dust and shadow.)” ~ Horace 
 Welcome. Here you will find posts on just about anything, from the mundane to the insane, the outlandish to the sublime. I include a wide selection of quotes, images and music in most of my posts. If I am unable to present new content, I rely on that old favorite—the reblog. Be forewarned: I am a left-leaning, liberal, feminist who does not hesitate to speak my mind. Enjoy. 
 (Not much other social media for me except for my tumblr, Frenzy and Lightning, which you can visit  here  or below.) And you can find my various product reviews on Influenster  here . 
 Contact Me Here 
 poietes1@yahoo.com 
 
 Copyright ©2008-2020 poietes.wordpress.com 
 Lolita Liwag. All rights reserved. Please do not appropriate my words or pictures without contacting me first. This blog may be linked to other blogs or websites. 
 Header Image 
 Full Moon over Grand Oak Grange, by L. Liwag 
 Hit Parade 
 
 1,720,150 hits 
 
 Please Click Here to Move Me to the Top of the Blogroll 
 
 Follow Lola's Curmudgeonly Musings 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 328 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Who's in the blogosphere? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Quotable Quotes 
 
 "I write as if to save somebody’s life. Probably my own. Life is a kind of madness that death makes. Long live the dead because we live in them." ~  Clarice Lispector 
 La Lune 
 
 Paper Before Pixels 
 
 A Commonplace Book 
 
 Frenzy and Lightning 
 
 All Come Tumbling Down 
 
 A la recherche du temps perdu 
 A Long Time Alone 
 Book Riot 
 Brilliant 
 Couleurs 
 Dr. Who 
 Dreaming in the Deep South 
 First Book 
 Huffley 6 
 Ignite Light 
 Lapidarium 
 MXM 
 Neil Gaiman 
 Red Blood Black Ink 
 Tea, coffee, books 
 That Kind of Woman 
 The Paris Review 
 Times Haiku 
 Troisenator 
 Ultra Facts 
 Wordstuck 
 
 Poietes' Recommended Reading 
 
 Brain Pickings 
 Dear Blank Please Blank 
 Dragonfly's Poetry & Prolixity 
 Edge of Humanity Magazine 
 Humanist Texts 
 Letters of Note 
 Literary Jukebox 
 n+1 magazine 
 Poetry Page of PGR 
 The Beauty We Love 
 The Poetry Center at Smith College 
 Thought Catalog 
 Titirangi Storyteller 
 Zócalo Poets 
 
 Visual Stimulation 
 
 Artworks of Johnson Tsang 
 Colossal 
 Edge of Humanity Magazine 
 Iconic Photos 
 Pexels 
 Rebecca Keeling Studios 
 Russell Tomlin's Photostream 
 Stuck in Customs 
 Welsh Photographs 
 
 Writers' Resources 
 
 Absolute Write 
 Academy of American Poets 
 Belladonna* 
 Fawlt Magazine 
 NaNoWriMo 
 Terrain.org: A Journal of the Built + Natural Environments 
 The Paris Review: Poetry RX 
 Typehouse Literary Magazine 
 
 Posts Past: 
 Posts Past: Select Month August 2020  July 2020  April 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  September 2016  August 2016  August 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug 
 Translate 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
