Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 John Jacob H's RKBA Commentary 
 A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. 
   
 RSS 
 Farm Guns And The Jobs They Do 
 Posted by  johnjacobh  on  August 14, 2010 
 
 My Trusty Dan Wesson .357 Farm Gun 
 Frank W. James demonstrates the proper way to blog about guns (the 10MM Auto) --specifically by how well they function in the context of a tool to carry to accomplish certain tasks. ( _  CLICK LINK HERE (LINK IS NOW DEAD, For Reader Convenience Fair Use Excerpt from Frank W. James at bottom of page) _ ) 
 His comments remind me just how different life is out on the farm. 
 About 10-15 years ago I started to hang around an Old Farmer's "back 40" on a fairly regular basis and came to appreciate how common views about guns and shooting over the course of my lifetime have become skewed in favor of complete foolishness. 
 It matters not whether the foolishness is the foolishness of "responsible gunownership" Nazis wherein every demand of every gungrabber must be met without complaint or resistance or the foolishness of competition shooters where the race to shoot the lightest load out of the most delicately assembled racegun and holster overtake the practicalities of hitting a target with the intent of threat elimination-it is all foolishness! 
 A few trips to Farm Country and the noise of the competition racegun rabble or responsible gunowner goons fades to the reality of a vital need for protection against things that will poke you, bite you or eat you every chance they get. 
 While the Old Farmer's farm is not blessed with wild hogs, there are a "gracious plenty" number of critters-coyotes, feral dog packs, snakes and etc. enough to make a fella need to have something handy-as in holstered on your belt-even if the house is only 100 yards away. 
 The Old Farmer knew that and he knew it in a way that dated back to the 1950's and 1960's when everyone else knew it as well. 
 It baffled him how a fella like me would go to a shooting range and fire rifles and pistols and then pack them up in a box and lock them in a closet. 
 Initially, I did NOT realize how much it would scramble my brain to spend time in the urban part of one county and then go out and spend time on a farm two counties over in a rural part of the state. 
 Hard to believe but the truth is urban and rural environs are two very different parts of the universe. In an urban setting the rabbits come right up to the back door of the house and you just about have to shoo them away to get into your truck. 
 In a rural setting the rabbits spot you and break out of the underbrush 20 yards away and hightail it for parts unknown like their hind quarters are on fire. Forget about those fancy shooting range timers;it is pure luck to have three seconds to draw and fire a pistol at a rapidly shrinking target. 
 While coyotes are bigger than rabbits, they appear to run even faster when spooked by predatory humans. I believe an antelope might not be able to pass a coyote as he plowed a path through the wiregrass at the edge of a fenceline. 
 For me, the mind scramble started when enough incidents accumulated in my personal archive of tall tales and other stories. 
 I now understand just about everything I have been told about the care and feeding of weapons is not only wrong, but just a little bit dangerous. 
 My military training on the M-16 certainly did not qualify as comprehensive education on the proper use of weapons. The only reason three of us in my company qualified "Expert" on the range was because we all shot .22's as teenagers. 
 In my Hunter's Education Course Game Warden Ricky Ranger actually lectured the class on the importance of leaving your $1000 rifle up against a tree where you fired at Bambi to establish you were not trespassing when you recover the carcass. 
 How have we collectively gotten to this state of idiocy codified into law? 
 Spend enough time in the fields and woods of farm country and you will soon question every premise of every lecture you have ever heard about "responsible gun ownership". 
 Why in blazes would someone triple lock their pistol just because they need to stop at the Post Office to pick up some stamps? 
 How is it a mortal threat to society to wear a holstered pistol to the hardware store to pick up some carriage bolts? 
 We should all return to the world Mr. James inhabits- keep your pistol or rifle readily available to do a specific job in a specific way. 
 Audie Murphy was a farm boy before he was a combat soldier. The lessons he learned on the farm saved the lives of many Americans. ( _  CLICK LINK HERE _ ) 
 As I repeat myself from elsewhere: someday most everyone will figure out weapons are not toys, not for relaxation or sport or entertainment, but tools to be treated with utmost respect and caution and have but one purpose: to harm some critter before some critter with four or two legs can harm you. 
 Out at the Old Farmer's farm we almost learned the hard way what it means to keep nature "red in tooth and claw" at arms length with whatever tools it takes to do the job. 
 Even at the delicate age of 84, the Old Farmer kept a Winchester 94 loaded with Magnum .22's next to his chair in the den. 
 If he could not exactly hit when he shot he could certainly give the wildlife "aversion therapy" to trespassing close to the farmhouse. 
 He must have done more "aversion therapy" than the family realized because it was two or three years after his death before the coyotes tracked past the shed in the yard with impunity. 
 This was not a problem until one day the Old Farmer's widow was out on the patio watering her flowers. 
 As she is about the age of the Old Farmer, it was not a surprise when she slipped, and yes, at that age (just like the TV Commercials) it is difficult,if not impossible to stand back up without assistance even if completely uninjured. (Which she was) 
 Assistance came about ten minutes later when the crowd of people inside the house realized she had been absent for an unusual amount of time. 
 In the ten minutes she sat helpless on the concrete patio, a coyote watched her every move from the treeline at the edge of the yard. 
 If you sit helpless in the hot sun in farm country, something might come along and think you look like lunch. 
 Nothing came of the incident, but suffice to say the torch has passed to a new generation of shooters on that farm determined to keep the critters at bay with whatever aversion therapy it takes to teach them manners. 
 Get the best tools you can get to do the best job you can do and have them ready to use when you need them. 
 Anything less is just nonsense. 
 ################################################################## 
 Regrettably, Frank W. James has taken down his excellent blog. For readers interested, here is a fair use excerpt from his commentary on the 10MM Auto and it's connection to farm use: 
 **_(Copyright Frank W.James Friday, August 13, 2010 THE 10MM AUTO …) 
 I realize what I'm about to explain is way different than what almost everyone else wants in a 'defensive' sidearm; but these requirements reflect my reality. I fully understand they may not even come close to yours. 
 First of all, I want a FLAT TRAJECTORY in the fired cartridge of my carry handgun. And by FLAT I mean I want something that shoots to more or less the same point of aim/point of impact at 100 yards that it does at 25 yards. I've found that with heavy loads most any decent .357 Magnum, .41 Magnum or .44 Magnum will easily accomplish this task. But you will note that with the exception of the Desert Eagle, these cartridges are only found in revolvers. (This is the main reason why I consider myself late to the auto-pistol party.) 
 Second of all, I want at least 1,100 fps to 1,200 fps in muzzle velocity from my carry sidearm. I know a lot of commentators put a lot of emphasis on bore diameter and bullet weight and I don't discount their arguments or disagree with them, but I like a good muzzle velocity because it makes those 'running shots' so much easier to make. Why running shots? Because I'm human and I make mistakes and when you've run awhile to get into position, and you're fat, you don't always put the first round where it really needs to go. (It's that sucking for air thing all over again.) 
 And thirdly, although I've used a .357 Magnum for a vast number of years, I really do believe in .40 caliber minimum rule; especially so if during your heaving for breath you put the bullet in their ass and not their chest as they do their "…feet don't fail me now…" repetition. Which I've done more times than I, or anyone else for that matter, could care to count. 
 For these reasons I've never been all that enthused about the .45 ACP. Don't get me wrong, I like it, but for critter use here on the farm its trajectory is too curved and you have to put too much elevation on the front sight once past 75 yards. And past 100 yards its velocity requires you to really put the front sight way out in front of 'em, if you're lucky, or good, in terms of your range estimation 
 I view the 10mm Auto cartridge as midway between the .357 Magnum and the .41 Magnum in terms of the knock-down/penetration/expansion power from what I've personally observed. It's way more than a .357 Magnum, but even on its best day it couldn't carry water, or even hold the coat of a heavily loaded .41 Magnum, especially with hard cast, heavily loaded Keith loads. 
 Yet, it is a flat shooting, relatively high velocity, .40 caliber auto-pistol that is every bit as accurate as my best double action revolvers and it is one of my top choices for a daily carry pistol here on our farms._ ** 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  JJH Commentary ,  Open/ Constitutional Carry Files ,  politics ,  Self Defense ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  2nd Amendment ,  Armed Citizen ,  Bolshevik Henpecking ,  Constitutional Authority ,  culture ,  General Spiffiness ,  Nanny State ,  politics ,  rkba ,  Second Amendment ,  society ,  Sovereign Citizen . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
  Harry Reid Votes Kagen On 2nd Amendment Concern 
 WOW! Open Carry At The Nail Salon!  
 6 responses to "  Farm Guns And The Jobs They  Do " 
 
 
 Pingback:  Tweets that mention Farm Guns And The Jobs They Do « John Jacob H’s RKBA Commentary -- Topsy.com 
 
 
 Prince says: 
 
 
  August 15, 2010 at 6:31 am  
 Good information keep update 
Thanks 
 Reply 
 
 Walter Pierce says: 
 
  August 16, 2010 at 10:24 am  
 Thank you, I really love this story I appreciate 
what you are doing for. 
 Reply 
 
 incluir.org says: 
 
  August 18, 2010 at 10:37 am  
 I enjoy read this post, good resources.thx 
 Reply 
 
 dundee  says: 
 
  August 23, 2010 at 5:14 am  
 Good info 
 Reply 
 
 Pingback:  John Jacob H: Three Years Of Bloggery « John Jacob H's RKBA Commentary 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search Topics Past 
 Search for: 
 Blogroll 
 
 1560 Edition Geneva Bible 
 American Gallery 
 American Thinker 
 Armed Pregnancy 
 Bad Cop News 
 Black Bear Blog 
 Black Five 
 Black Rifle Coffee Company 
 Blaze.com 
 Bulk Ammo 
 Calguns.net 
 Cato Institute 
 Codrea War On Guns 
 Conservative Treehouse 
 Cooper Commentaries 
 Court House News 
 Cryptome 
 David E. Young Book 
 Denninger Market Ticker 
 Dennis Prager Videos 
 Discover The Networks 
 Dr. Ruthless 
 Fred On Everything #1 
 Fred On Everything #2 
 Free Republic 
 Free Republicrat 
 Front Sight Ignatius Piazza 
 Gabe Suarez 
 Glenn Beck Cliff Notes 
 Glenn Beck Radio Serials 
 GOOD COP NEWS (ALL CAPS) 
 Gordon Hutchinson 
 Greg Evenson 
 Grigg Freedom In Our Time 
 Gun Owners Of America 
 Gun Owners Resource 
 Guns & Coffee 
 GUNS·O·PEDIA 
 Hawaii Reporter 
 Home Machinist 
 Imaginative Conservative 
 Indiana Gun Owners 
 J Wayne Fears 
 Joe Brower's RKBA Files 
 John Ross 
 JPFO 
 Judicial Tyranny 
 Law Dog Files 
 Legal Insurrection 
 Lew Rockwell 
 Mechon Mamre 
 Michael Bane 
 Military Arms 
 Military Reddit 
 Missouri Open Carry 
 Moose Droppings 
 NewsMax News & Information Website 
 No Lawyers Only Guns And Money 
 Northwest Rifleman 
 NRA AWOL 
 Numbers USA (Immigration) 
 Pajamas Media 
 Police News: Accountable Authority 
 Practical Machinist 
 Price Of Liberty 
 Professor Doom 
 Reverend Kharma 
 Right Nation.US 
 Right Network Television 
 Sheriff Richard Mack 
 Sister Toldjah 
 Sonoma Shooting Org 
 St.Gabriel Possenti 
 Students Concealed Carry 
 Tennessee Gun Owners 
 The Liberty Sphere 
 Thomas Sowell Townhall Columns 
 Threat Core 
 Traction Control Blog List 
 Tred Barta NewsMax Column 
 Trigger Sports Network 
 USAR Marksmanship 
 Vannrox FreeRepublic Page 
 Virginia Gun Trader 
 Voice For Freedom Radio 
 Volokh Conspiracy 
 Walter E Williams 
 Watts Up With That 
 We Rush Daily 
 
 Audience Favorites 
 
 No Wait NYC Gun Permit 
 Forensic Expert Dan Austin Explains The Golani .223 Elephant Rifle 
 August 23rd, 2000; A Day That Lives In Infamy 
 End Of Brett Darrow Saga- St. George Police Dissolved! 
 Real Hunting-Dingo Lady Dies At 108 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 lewrockwell.com 
 
 Categories 
 
 A Traffic Stop Police Tutorial 
 BATFE Files 
 Boston Shootout 
 [Clyde Coffey Turkey Hunter](https://johnjacobh.wordpress.com/category/clyde-coffey-turkey-hunter/ "As stated in the Magna Carta: 
 
 (48) All evil customs relating to forests and warrens, foresters, warreners, sheriffs and their servants, or river-banks and their wardens, are at once to be investigated in every county ") 
 
 Cooking 
 cool stuff 
 deer 
 Do NOT Talk To Investigators 
 Economic Bailout 
 Feral Cops 
 Government 
 Government Corruption 
 Home Invasion 
 Humor 
 Hunting 
 In Memoriam 
 JJH Commentary 
 Knabenschiessen 
 L'Affair Lundeby Files 
 Merced Pitchfork Murders 
 Ohio-Stowers Food Raid 
 Open/ Constitutional Carry Files 
 Police War On Dogs 
 politics 
 Porcupine 411 
 Real Gunfights 
 Recipes 
 Rufus Hussey Beanshooter Man Slingshot Guru 
 Self Defense 
 Senator Richard Burr File 
 Training Aids 
 Uncategorized 
 University Of Berserkley Chapel Hill Files 
 Weapons Mishaps 
 WhenIWasAKid 
 Wildfire and Evil Tree File 
 
 Monthly Posts 
 
 July 2020 
 May 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 November 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 October 2015 
 June 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 November 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
