Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Wireless Retail Manager - Temiskaming Shores, ON 
 OSL Retail Services Inc 
 __Temiskaming Shores, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview 
 Who are we? 
 OSL is a dynamic, people-first company providing outsourced sales solutions for some of North America’s biggest Fortune 500 companies. We believe in great people doing greater things, every day. 
 The Situation: 
Walmart Canada has partnered with OSL to operate its 350 wireless kiosk locations across Canada and we are growing. That’s why we’re looking for a results-driven, hands-on manager to manage a kiosk and develop a team of talented experts to deliver best-in-class customer experiences. 
 Here’s where you come in… 
 As a Wireless Manager, you’re key to our success. An inspiring leader who can help your store stores deliver awesome sales and great service. You’ll get to build your own a sales team while managing operations and maximizing profitability. Reporting to the District Manager, you’ll make sure your locations are operating efficiently and expertly. You’ll be a coach who can inspire a team, have a passion for sales and a knowledgeable expert delivering amazing customer experiences. 
 Good thing you have what it takes: 
3-5 years retail management experience – in wireless or electronics, a definite asset 
Proven ability to drive sales and service, plus operational success via field teams 
Solid track record of managing budgets, forecasting sales, merchandising, and retail metrics 
Experience with recruitment, coaching, HR, and Canadian employment standards 
Strong communication and presentation skills – we’re selling communications! 
 Good customer service instincts:  bias to action, eye for detail, problem solver 
Ability to work evenings and weekends 
Ability to lift 30-50 pounds and stand for extended periods of time 
 So what does OSL offer you? 
 Serious income potential with a base salary plus commission and bonus 
Wireless perks (competitions, discounts, etc.) 
Personal in-store and online LMS training 
Medical, dental, and extended health benefits 
Employee referral program (starting at $250 per successful referral) 
Vacation 
Flexible schedules with both full-time and part-time positions to meet your availability 
Real career growth, recognition and development – we nurture talent! 
 The chance to become an important part of a cool, fast-growing company 
 Sounds like a good fit? Let’s talk. 
 For more info before submitting your application, contact us:  careers@oslrs.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
