PhD Power 
 Search for:  My Tweets 
 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Take part 
 
 Mapping out your road 
 
 Programme 
 Registration form 
 Facilitators 
 
 About Ralph 
 About Chiat 
 
 
 Terms and conditions 
 Funding your participation 
 
 
 Past events 
 
 Workshop In Charge! 
 
 Trainers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Individual career support 
 
 In practice 
 
 
 Further reading 
 Book me 
 About me 
 Contact 
 
 In practice 
 Regular individual career support is provided as trajectories of 4 sessions at ± 4-week intervals. Sessions are scheduled for 45 minutes or 90 minutes. We meet in the Amsterdam area but sessions may also be carried at your institute or via video calls. We may even consider discussing while making an outdoor walk. 
 Update spring 2020: 
 Due to the coronavirus measures, all coaching sessions are currently carried out via video calls. 
 Coaching via video calls has always been the standard format for coachees outside the Netherlands and is now applicable to all, until the measures are lifted and we can meet again in person. 
 Consultation session 
 Before we start, we ensure that we can work well together and have clear expectations. For this reason, individual career support always starts with a free-of-charge consultation session in order to get to know each other, to define realistic goals and to make a schedule. To request for the exploratory consultation session, please fill out  this webform  and I will contact you to set an appointment. 
 Pricing 
 
 120 euro/ 45-min session (excl. 21% BTW) for support requests and billing through institutes 
 95 euro/ 45-min session (excl. 21% BTW) for support to individuals who no longer have access to institutional funding and are on unemployment benefits. 
 
 rates September 2019 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
