__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Kathleen Zwarick Shanley, PhD, CAE, ACC 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 Clients will be set up for "success" feeling fulfilled, engaged, heard, and connected. They will develop measurable results and begin to see them with each session. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 Testimonials are available here: www.think-statice.com. In addition to those, clients have reported that I helped them discover where and when they were making up stories in their head that may negatively impact their leadership ability and did so while making it enjoyable and fun. They report they feel inspired, acknowledged, and validated. 
 Here's a sample testimonial: "As a new leader on an established executive team I was in search of perspective, renewed focus and an opportunity to work more closely with my teams to meet our goals. I interviewed three coaches and Kathy's coaching strategies were most in line with my priorities and she listened to what I was looking for. Within 6 weeks of working with Kathy my focus changed from self- doubt to positive self-awareness and focus. Kathy continued to push me to harness my positive energy and use it to support my team and myself. I now approach work and life with a renewed motivation and focus. Her ability to push my thinking and help me work past mental barriers has changed the way I consider problems and work through them. It has also helped me speak with my team as they become challenged in achieving their goals. In just a short time I was able to take frustrations in my lack of forward momentum to leading a large team through a challenging project with energy and action. As Kathy said multiple times, 'trust the process'. I did and have the utmost respect for Kathy's approach, her candor and support for my continued professional growth and success." 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 "Kathy partnered with me to coach a team of three managers during a six-month period. Using tools including a 360 assessment and the Energy Leadership Index, each team member identified key areas of development: 1) creating synergy among and across teams; 2) discovering areas that may negatively, and positively, impact their ability to lead, understand and navigate difficult conversations; and 3) managing conflict. Kathy provided exceptional value to the team. Her coaching accomplished our goals to groom our future business leaders and arm them with effective leadership and communication strategies." Bill H., COO and Director of Innovation, major imaging software and research company, Parsippany, New Jersey 
 "From our first meeting, Kathy really made me think about what it was I wanted to do, helping me focus on the things that really mattered to me, and how I could achieve them. The sessions reignited a dwindling self-belief and inspired me to get back on track and figure out what I really wanted. She helped me to focus and organize my thoughts as well as re-evaluate what was important to me and whether I was willing to make the sacrifices needed to achieve what I wished to do with my working life. 
 I had the drive and the determination; I just couldn't see where I was going wrong. I was so frustrated at my lack of progress. I couldn't see any other way of doing things. With her help, I actually came away with a totally new way of looking at my life. It was as if I had all the answers I just wasn't able to find them myself. I cannot thank Kathy enough for helping me see what was important, and for giving me back the self-assurance that I had hiding in me. I don't think she even realizes such an important role she was in helping me make my decisions for the future." 
 N. Graham, Association Client & Now Small Business Owner, Alabama 
 "Kathy Zwarick gets my highest recommendation as an executive coach. Her unique ability to recognize, understand, and explain complex business relationships has excelled my thinking, and most importantly, my actions. Along the way there have been surprising (and sometimes painful) personal realizations, but Kathy's coaching continued to make me a better person every day, both at work and at home. Kathy did not hesitate to tactfully, but directly point out areas that needed to be considered a different way, and proved to be right with her observations, opinions, and suggestions. Kathy is not only challenging and insightful, but also patient and understanding, with good instincts and knowledge. With the coaching experience, I truly believe I have improved my leadership style." 
 Larry Fuhrmann, COO, R.S. Crum & Company, Mountainside, NJ 
 "My new position as senior director was exciting but sometimes challenging and overwhelming. Kathy was a tremendous help in getting me to set appropriate priorities and improve my leadership style. Her suggestions were always on point, as were her instincts. Kathy's extensive experience is evident in her delivery and style, as well as extremely constructive. Her coaching style is not only very positive but also tactful and practical. I have absolutely no hesitation in giving Kathy my strongest endorsement as an executive coach." 
 Association Client, Washington, DC 
 "Kathy Zwarick is an outstanding executive coach. Kathy and I worked together on specific leadership and communication behaviors that have allowed me to become much more effective in my role. The tools and methodology that Kathy uses are both tailored and insightful. She has a terrific way of gently pointing out both the areas where I excel and where there's room for improvement. She isn't prescriptive, but rather asks open ended questions that lead you to recognize the right path. She's personable, easy to work with and also has a great grasp of what's necessary to navigate in today's complex business world." 
 Stephanie Colotti, Director, Business Operations, Madison, WI area 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 I provide tools and workshops that foster consistent, sustainable change and believe in a client-focused, values-driven approach to advancing your goals. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 
 Empowering individuals to lead 
 Creating "buy in" and engagement 
 Developing communication skills 
 Building strategies to address conflict 
 Improving executive presence 
 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 I coach those who want to level up their leadership and managerial skills. My clients include executives (COOs, Vice Presidents), emerging leaders (managers transitioning to directors), and anyone who wants to stand out in associations and non-profits. I also work with professionals seeking consultative coaching 
 What is your professional background? 
 I have been a C-suite executive for more than 25 years in the health policy and public relations fields. I complemented my leadership experience with training from the Institute for Professional Excellence in Coaching (IPEC). I am IPEC-certified as a professional coach and an Energy Leadership Index Master Practitioner. I am an International Coach Federation credentialed associate coach and a certified association executive. I am a member of the International Coach Federation, Women Business Leaders in Health Care, American Association of Medical Society Executives, and American Society of Association Executives. 
 Ready To Get Started With Kathleen? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
