Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dean, Faculty of Nursing 
 Grant MacEwan University 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 MacEwan University, in the heart of downtown Edmonton, is dedicated to providing students with a transformative, academically-rigorous, personal learning experience in a creative, collaborative, and supportive learning environment. MacEwan continues to evolve and adapt to meet the changing needs of its students and the communities it serves, and today MacEwan offers student-focused instruction and inspires students through a powerful combination of academic excellence and personal learning opportunities. The University’s comprehensive credential and program offerings engage nearly 19,000 full- and part-time students in more than 48 programs in business, communications, community and human services, design, fine and performing arts, health, humanities, natural science, nursing, public safety, and social science. 
 MacEwan University has a long-standing history of providing quality nursing education that is relevant to and reflective of current nursing practice in the province and across Canada. The University’s Faculty of Nursing offers ten credentials, and it is organized around five academic departments and two centres. Colleagues are energized and ready to focus efforts on transformative learning, leading-edge research and scholarship, inspired leadership and partnerships, and a spirit of well-being. 
Reporting to the Provost and Vice-President, Academic, the Dean of the Faculty of Nursing is responsible for the academic and administrative direction of the Faculty. The Dean will provide leadership and guidance to foster an atmosphere of unity and cooperation among departments, faculty, staff, students, and community members in support of academic excellence. 
 As the ideal candidate, you have a strong record of teaching, scholarship, and service, with a doctoral degree in Nursing or related field, you qualify for appointment as a Full Professor, and you are eligible for licensure with CARNA or CRPNA. You have experience in university administration and familiarity with bicameral governance models. Your previous experience is with an institution that places a high degree of importance on the quality of its teaching and the provision of a variety of learning options and modes of delivery, and you have a keen interest in exploring options for on-line learning and experiential learning. You have the ability to develop well-researched business cases in advocating for new resources, and you have a collaborative leadership style that empowers others and encourages participation. You have prior experience in developing or contributing to academic planning at the Faculty or institutional level and a communication style that inspires, engages, and encourages creativity and innovation. You have demonstrated experience in developing empowered teams and evidence of strong interpersonal skills that foster a positive and supportive work environment. 
 If you are interested in pursuing this exciting leadership opportunity, please apply online by submitting a short Cover Letter expressing your interest and CV through www.kbrs.ca/career/13906. As we move through the recruitment process, you will be asked to complete a Statement of Candidacy which will allow you to give examples of how your experience aligns with this role. For more information, contact Katherine Frank at kfrank@kbrs.ca or Emma Wach at ewach@kbrs.ca or 902.424.1104. 
 We will provide support in the recruitment processes to applicants with disabilities, including accommodation that takes into account an applicant’s accessibility needs. If you require accommodation in order to participate as a candidate in the recruitment process, please contact accommodate@kbrs.ca or communicate your needs to Emma Wach. MacEwan University is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage Indigenous people, persons living with a disability, sexual and gender minorities, women, and members of all minority groups to apply and self-identify. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 This position is included under the Out of Scope employee policy (D1015). 
 MacEwan University is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We encourage Indigenous people, persons living with a disability, sexual and gender minorities, women, and members of all minority groups to apply and to self-identify. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
