Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job interviews  / STILL Waiting for Job Offer To Be Approved! 
 STILL Waiting for Job Offer To Be Approved! 
 By  Ronnie Ann   246 Comments 
 Hello Ronnie Ann. It's been nice to read all the advice you have given. Still waiting for job offer to be officially approved seems to be the worst waiting game for many of your readers. And now I am in the same boat. 
 Here's my story. I flew in for a the job interview on July 7. And it went very well. My contact there (the hiring manager) tells me that I'm their top candidate. So now we are all waiting for job offer to get the final sign-offs. 
 About a week later, the hiring manager called and said that he put something together for me that should be a good territory. And it just has to be signed off on. I spoke to him the week after, and he said it is now in financing to be approved. So for now it has been two weeks and still nothing official. 
 Waiting for job offer is so slooow! 
 I spoke to my contact again on Monday, and he said that he is still waiting for it to be approved, But once again, he assured me that I am still “their guy”. This has me wondering. Do you think that I have anything to worry about? 
 It seems like things are going pretty slow. Especially after how quick they flew me in to interview, from when I submitted my resume. That only took 2 weeks. 
 Another question I had is, how often should you contact the hiring manager to inquire about the progress? One thing I don't want to be is annoying to them. 
 ~ David 
 And here's my response … 
 Hi David, 
 As far as I can tell from what you wrote, all is on track. Internal processes can take weeks -- often much longer than the whole initial interview process. Nothing's for sure of course, but things look good. So relax, have faith, and find something to do in the meantime. Maybe a project or something you want to learn -- or anything to keep your brain occupied! 
 ⇒ MORE:  12 Ways to Stay Sane After a Job Interview 
 As for how often to contact the hiring manager … there's no hard and fast rule. In your specific situation, you might send him an e-mail toward the end of next week. Just let him know you're still interested, and ask if there's anything more you need to do. 
 Truth is, at this point they know who you are, so unless you get another offer, give them some time. I once waited about 5 months to find out I was the top candidate. And I only e-mailed them every now and then. 🙂 
 Good luck! Please let us know what happens. 
 ~ Ronnie Ann 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 [Post updated in 2020] 
 More posts to help 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 [After an Interview: Weekly Follow Up Calls and Emails](https://www.worktothewise.com/after-an-interview-about-those-tell m-follow-up-emails-and-phone-calls/) 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 So What Really Happens After a Job Interview? 
 How Often Should I Call an Employer After My Interview? 
 Interview Nerves: Should I Apologize for Nerves in My Thank You Letter? 
 Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 Still Waiting to Hear Back After a Phone Interview 
 Why Do I Get So Nervous During a Job Interview? 
 What Does It Mean If a Job Is Checking Your References? 
 Job References: What If Former Bosses Don’t Work There Any More 
 Why Does It Take So Long After Your Interview? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Job interviews 
 Comments 
 
 Mello says 
 
 February 28, 2012 at 10:36 am 
 I have been working for this company for 6mths now and waiting for a job offer from them for 3mths. All has been fine and I have fulfilled my end of the deal that was initially struck. When they brought me in for interview they tried to get my right away but had already signed papers to go through a staffing agency. My boss had said to me that in 3mths I may be bought out and then around christmas he told me to be expecting an offer after the first of the yr. Neither has happened yet!!!!! Now my contract hrs expire at the end of this wk and I dont know what is going on. Is this a low life tactic to get out of paying benefits and being strung along? Frustrated doesnt even cover how i feel. 
I am a person of my word and they should be also. Nothing along the way has pointed in the direction of not hiring on full time. My recruiter has been telling me that they want me. So what is the hold up? Apparently what type of work I do is hard to find around here. They were looking for 2yrs before I came along 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://workcoachcafe.com) says
 
 February 29, 2012 at 4:35 pm 
 Hi Mello, 
 How extremely frustrating! My guess is that they are trying to avoid paying the staffing firm a big fee for hiring you permanently, particularly in this economy. I doubt that they are trying to string you along, although I understand why you could see it that way. 
 I would do the best I could to control my annoyance with these people, and politely ask your boss when the job offer will be coming since this is the last week of your contract. Also contact the recruiter to see what he knows. 
 Good luck! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 
 Lolipop says 
 
 February 8, 2012 at 10:09 pm 
 Need advice please…. Interviewed for an internal position 4 weeks ago and all seemed to go well. Been following up periodically on decision making but it was one thing or the other. Yesterday the manager told me that he will hopefully get approval from his manager this week and apologized for the delay… Does this mean I got the job? If I didn't get it, why bother telling me that? I would assume if I didn't get it, the answer would have been sorry but we decided to go a diff route.. Good luck blabla 
 Appreciate any insight on this… 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://workcoachcafe.com) says
 
 February 8, 2012 at 11:42 pm 
 Hi Lolipop, 
 It sounds very positive, but he didn't actually tell you that you got the job. So, personally, I wouldn't assume that I got it. I'd keep my head down and do my current job to the best of my ability, with my fingers crossed. 
 Hang in there! 
 Good luck! 
Susan 
 Reply 
   * Lollipop says
 
 February 9, 2012 at 9:08 am 
 I got an official response today. I didnt get the job. :(. It wasnt meant to b. Thanks for ur quick response. Have a wonderful day!!!! 
 
 Jeff says 
 
 September 8, 2011 at 9:11 am 
 Ronnie, 
 I appreciate your sound advise! I did leave a v-mail for the CEO kindly requesting clarification on what has delayed the process and re-stated my interest in working out a deal…unfortunately, I have not received any response. I have decided that it is best for me to cut my losses and move on. 
 Best, 
Jeff 
 Reply 
 * [Ronnie Ann](http://workcoachcafe.com) says
 
 September 14, 2011 at 8:56 pm 
 I'm so sorry Jeff! Maybe you dodged a bullet at that. 
 Of course, you never know what might be going on there, so should they get back to you, I'd suggest being cautious but open at least hearing them out. Although my guess is that's exactly what you'd do. 
 I think you've handled this with grace and finesse. Whoever does get you will be very lucky. 
 All my best finding the right job, Jeff! 
 Reply 
 
 Ronnie Ann  says 
 
 September 6, 2011 at 12:24 pm 
 Hi Jeff! 
 Back from my holiday. Sorry for the delay. 
 I have to say that I agree that the way they've handled this - and possibly the way they communicate & work with each other - could indeed be a red flag. Unfortunately there's no way to know for sure, although if it were me I might politely try to get at what the problem was, assuming they do come to agreement. 
 Just as I did, many folks take off around Labor Day and that can mean they delay some things while making sure urgent company business is handled before the holiday. So maybe that is part of the most recent delay. Plus…they may be discussing if they really can afford you and even if there are red flags because of what you're asking. 
 Perhaps by now you've heard back from them and all is well. I hope so. But if not, I might call the CEO tomorrow (always good to wait at least a day after folks get back since inboxes can be sky high) and try to see where things stand, showing you understand these things can take a while, but of course also trying to clarify if an actual deal can be worked out. And of course, let them know how much you hope that it can be. 
 As for your concerns…all you can do is see how they deal with you in the coming week or two. Oh…and maybe Google them the company and anything you can find about them or people who have worked for and with them. 😉 
 Good luck! Would love to know how it goes. 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Newer Comments » 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
