Skip to content 
 
 __View menu 
 ____View sidebar 
 
 
 Green River College 
 
 
 News & Announcements 
 Employee Spotlights 
 Campus Engagement 
 Health & Wellness 
 Benefits 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Training & Development 
 Workplace Safety 
 Public Records 
 Labor & Relations 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Accreditation  (1) 
 Benefits  (57) 
 Campus Engagement  (117) 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  (3) 
 Employee Spotlights  (240) 
 Health & Wellness  (51) 
 Labor & Relations  (11) 
 News & Announcements  (174) 
 Public Records  (3) 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities  (18) 
 Training & Development  (89) 
 Uncategorized  (88) 
 Workplace Safety  (54) 
 
 Tags 
 100 Grand   Accident Prevention   Archiving   Award   Awards   Benefits   Benefits That Matter   campus   Campus Engagement   Campus News   Careers   CERT   Chemicals   Conference   Contest   Culture   Disabilities   Distinguished Faculty   Diversity Equity & Inclusion   Emergency   Employee Assistance Program   Employee Spotlight   Employee Spotlights   EOC   Flu   Foundation   FSA   Fundraiser   Health   Health and Wellness   Health Plan   Holiday   Holidays   In-Service Day   Information Technology   Lab   Labor & Relations   Learning   Life Insurance   LinkedIn   Mediation Center   Medical   Mental Health Awareness   Morgan Challenge   MSDS   News   Online Course   Opening Week   Pain   PEBB   Physical Wellness   Presentations   Professional Development   Recruitment   Retirees   Retirement   Retirement Social   Safety   Safety Tips   SDS   Service Awards   SmartHealth   Spot Recognition   Staffing   Stress   Students   Summer Hours   The Morgan Challenge   Training   Training and Development   Well-Being   Whistleblower   Workplace Safety   Workshop   Years of Service 
 AUTHORS 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Address 
 12401 SE 320th Street 
Auburn, WA 98092-3622 
 Category / Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 July 19, 2018  by  Korland Simmons 
 Come follow us!! 
 
 Campus Engagement ,  News & Announcements ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Campus Engagement ,  Careers ,  News ,  Staffing 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Do you know someone who is looking for employment? Come follow Green River HR at Twitter! While our job postings are always available via the GRC website and the Gatornet, our Twitter account is a great way for you to push out job postings to those who follow you. 
 In addition to job postings, our Twitter feed includes information that we release to you about our campus happenings (new employees, events, celebrations, etc.). With your follows and retweets, we can let more of the public know what makes Green River College so special. 
 Click the link below to follow our Twitter feed and share the Gator spirit! 
 @greenriverhr 
 June 22, 2018  by  Korland Simmons 
 New PEN form 
 
 News & Announcements ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 News ,  Staffing 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Our updated PEN form is live! This new form includes updated hourly rates as well as updated supervisor listings. If you are managing non-permanent workers, here's an especially important reminder: be sure to use the form at the link below! As we've mentioned, the PEN form is a living document and changes at least a few times during the year. 
 https://www.gatornet.greenriver.edu/hr/Forms/index.shtm#p . 
 February 23, 2018  by  Korland Simmons 
 Helpful Hiring Reminders 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Hiring ,  Recruitment ,  Staffing 
 Leave a comment 
 
 As our organization continues to grow, we 'd like to take a moment remind you of the hiring resources we have available. Here are a few helpful hints to our hiring managers: 
 
 When hiring hourly or temporary workers, our electronic PEN form is one of the best tools for hiring managers and continues to move us towards greater compliance with the Paper Reduction Act. We highly encourage using the electronic form because it auto-populates most of the information you need (no need to look things up!). Even better, it can save you the worry of correcting written errors. The electronic PEN form is a living document and we do our best to keep the latest form available. The best way to be sure you're using the most current version is to download the PEN form from the Gatornet ( https://www.gatornet.greenriver.edu/hr/Forms/index.shtm#p ). This ensures that any changes we've made will be available to you. You can verify how current your form is by checking the date listed at the top of the form. If you are using a form that is earlier than  February 8, 2018,  please check the Gatornet for the latest version! 
 For other kinds of hiring/recruiting (admin/exempt, faculty, classified, etc), be sure to take advantage of the resources offered on our Recruitment and Staffing page ( https://www.gatornet.greenriver.edu/hr/Recruitment_Staffing/index.shtm ). The links within will point you in the direction you need to go or offer you a place to request more information from our recruitment team. 
 
 October 5, 2017  by  Korland Simmons 
 Continuing Ed opportunity - Supervision Certificate Program 
 
 News & Announcements ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities ,  Training & Development 
 Careers ,  Learning ,  Training and Development 
 Leave a comment 
 
 written on behalf of Mike Nielsen, Director of Corporate and Continuing Education 
 Would you like to develop your leadership, communication, motivation and problem-solving skills? Continuing Education is offering a 6-session certificate course in supervision. This daytime class meets from 9am-4pm (Thursdays) and will help you acquire the interpersonal skills needed to interact successfully in a supervisory role. Topics include turning negative situations into positive outcomes; identifying your leadership traits through personal assessment; leading effective meetings; providing feedback; establishing priorities; problem-solving techniques, and more! Earn the certificate by taking the courses individually or register for the series and save. Classes begin on  October 12!! 
 Green River College employees are eligible for a 33% discount ($399) on the series cost of $599! Classified and exempt employees may use development funds to defray class costs. Sign up at the link below. 
 Supervision Certificate (6 Class Series) 
 October 5, 2017  by  Korland Simmons 
 Come join the Gator at the RAC! 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 NEOGOV 
 Leave a comment 
 
 written on behalf of Bob Kickner, Director of Athletics and Recreation 
 Did you know that Green River College employees are eligible to become members of the on-campus Recreation and Athletic Center (RAC)? You can purchase a Fall quarter membership for $50 (payable at the Cashier's office) that is valid through December 31st. Employees are able to work out at the RAC in the morning, before work, or during the normal operational hours: 
 Monday-Thursday 10am-9pm; Friday 10am-6pm; Sunday 2pm-7pm 
 RAC memberships give you access to the RAC fitness spaces (weight room, gym, and studio) as well as the RAC’s programs and services. This includes intramural sports, equipment check-out, and group fitness classes. This quarter we are offering Dance Aerobics, Personal Training, MixxedFit, Kickboxing Cardio, and Yoga classes. 
 For more information email Rob Pedicone, RAC Coordinator at  rpedicone@greenriver.edu  or call x2482. 
 July 27, 2017  by  Korland Simmons 
 New Employee Spotlight - Lyudmila Adamyuk 
 
 Employee Spotlights ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Employee Spotlight 
 Leave a comment 
 
 _We’d like to take a moment and recognize our newest employees to Green River. Please take a moment to learn more about them, in their own words. 
_ 
 Please tell everyone your new title and a little bit about your professional background. 
 My new title is Program Coordinator at Financial Aid office and before that I was working as Program Assistant for the same office. 
 What drew you to apply to Green River? 
 Beautiful campus and opportunity to work with interesting and talented people many of whom I already know since I was GRC student myself. 
 **On the car ride to work, what do you listen to? 
** 
 My ride is very short – I live 1.5 mi from GRC so I usually don’t listen to anything. On the days when we carpool with my daughter (she is a student here) we use that time to catch up with each other. 
 **What was the very first job you ever had? 
** 
 Picking apples in the orchard. It was a seasonal job and lasted couple of weeks. 
 **What about your new position is most exciting for you? 
** 
 The opportunity to work with the students and help them to succeed. 
 **What is one thing you’d love to accomplish in your first year at Green River? 
** 
 I want to master some aspects of my job and get to know more people. 
 **What three accomplishments are you most proud of in your life? 
** 
 My biggest accomplishment is raising my children to be the people they are becoming. Also getting my degree while being a full-time mom and a first-generation college student, and my job. 
 **If your coworkers were to give you an office nickname, what would that be? Why? 
** 
 Don’t know…need to ask them. 
 **For Green River’s annual talent show (this doesn’t actually exist), what hidden talent would you showcase for everyone? 
** 
 Well I can bake and decorate a cake. 
 If G.R.E.E.N. were an acronym for something, what would each letter stand for? 
 G  reat 
 R  esources for ** 
E  xceptional ** 
E  ducation 
 N  ow 
 June 25, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Lori Selby, Vice President of Business Administration Candidate, Green River Campus Forum 
 
 Campus Engagement ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Lori Selby, a Vice President of Business Administration Candidate, visited Green River College on Friday, June 19, 2015, to share her experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities. Thanks to our talented Green River Media Center team, you can now watch  Ms. Selby's campus forum presentation. 
 If you would like to provide your thoughts regarding Ms. Bean's campus forum, please complete the  Vice President of Administration Campus Forum Survey. 
 
 June 18, 2015June 18, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Shirley Bean's, Vice President of Business Administration Candidate, Green River Campus Forum 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Shirley Bean, a Vice President of Business Administration Candidate, visited Green River College on Wednesday, June 17, 2015, to share her experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities. Thanks to our talented Green River Media Center team, you can now watch  Ms. Bean's campus forum presentation. 
 If you would like to provide your thoughts regarding Ms. Bean's campus forum, please complete the  Vice President of Administration Campus Forum Survey . 
 May 12, 2015August 12, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 HERC: Cool Tool for Your Green River Tool Belt - Part 2 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Welcome back to the  Higher Education Recruitment Consortium  (HERC) cool tool test. Last week I talked about  what HERC is and introduced its Dual-Career Search tool  that permits job seekers to enter in search job search criteria for themselves and for their partner/friend. 
 Today, I will highlight HERC's webinars. Job search tools predominately offer either mainstream webinars targeted towards job seekers or member institutions. HERC's focus is to provide customized job resources to help both achieve their respective goals. Now, that is value! 
 The  HERC Jobseeker Webinars  series are developed by regional HERCs and emphasize aspects of the job search process tailored specifically for the academic job seeker. Topics range from Expanding Your Career Networks to The Campus Visit: Interviewing for Faculty Positions. The upcoming webinar is "What Works for Women at Work: How to navigate subtle gender bias successfully" on Thursday, June 4th, at 10:00 am. What a great professional development opportunity! Start your registration by clicking  here . 
 HERC institutional members also benefit from professional development opportunities through webinars that feature specific best practices in faculty and staff recruitment and retention presented by higher education practitioners. The upcoming webinars cover an array of subjects like The Diversity Advantage: Incorporating Diversity Principles into the Search Committee Process, Courageous Leadership: Recruiting and Retaining Latino(a) Faculty and Higher Education Professionals, and Gender Discrimination & Sexual Misconduct on Campus: Understand Your Climate & Protect Faculty, Staff & Students. Please note that many of the webinars are offered for HRCI continuing education credits. Now that is super cool! Discover the titles of more upcoming webinars by clicking here and scrolling down to Webinars. 
 May 7, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Cool Tool for Your Green River Tool Belt - Part 1 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Careers ,  HERC ,  Job Search 
 Leave a comment 
 
 I admit that I am a fanatic of cool tools. I become extremely excited to test new Do-It-Yourself Tools, electronic gadgets, websites or software. (The Gallup Organization says that is the "Learner" in me but I will talk about that another day). Today, I want to share a cool recruitment tool to put into your Green River Tool Belt called  Higher Education Recruitment Consortium  or HERC. Like any new tool, let's put HERC to the test! 
 What is HERC? 
 I like know a little information about the company that creates the tool I am testing. HERC is a non-profit consortium of over 600 colleges, universities, hospitals, research labs, government agencies, and related non-and-for profit organizations. Consortium members share a commitment to hiring the most diverse and talented faculty, staff, and executives. That is awesome! Additionally, it is a gateway to more jobs in higher education and related filed than any other site! 
 Cool Features You Can 't Find Easily! 
 HERC features a Dual-Career Search tool that permits job seekers to enter in search job search criteria for themselves and for their partner/friend. They can drill down their search to keywords, job type, discipline, and organizational type. The really neat distinctive characteristic is the built in ability to identify specifically how far the jobs that meet both search criteria can be from each other! Now that is cool! 
 Next week, I will talk about HERC's job alerts, diversity resources, and webinars! 
 April 30, 2015May 1, 2015  by  Claire Gorenstein 
 Show Me the Way to I-9 Central! 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Leave a comment 
 
 I was doing the happy dance when I discovered that Department of Homeland Security had finally updated their website with some user friendly I-9 instructions. They call it  I-9 Central . 
 What is an I-9? 
 Federal law requires that every employer who has hired an individual for employment in the United States complete a Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification. Form I-9 will help you verify the employee’s identity and employment authorization. 
 You may remember completing the I-9 form when you began employment at Green River and are curious to learn more about it. Or perhaps you are the person designated to assist newly hired work-study students, hourly employees or adjunct instructors with their HR forms, including the I-9. Do I have your attention? Then this is for  YOU . 
 What will I find at I-9 Central? 
 
 What’s New 
 Complete & Correct Form I-9 
 Acceptable Documents 
 Customer Support 
 I-9 Central Questions & Answers 
 Free Webinars 
 
 So, I’m here to spread the joy. I encourage you to visit  I-9 Central  for concise and up-to-date guidelines to achieve the  coveted  complete and correct I-9 form! 
 April 9, 2015April 9, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Rising up to Governor Inslee’s Disability Employment Challenge! 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Campus Engagement 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Green River College is jumping feet first into Governor Jay Inslee’s Disability Employment Challenge to have people living with a disability make up five percent of the state government workforce by June 30, 2017! While we start this endeavor, it is important to note that GRC seeks (and has always sought) to recruit the best candidates to fill positions. 
 Rising up to the challenge gives us an opportunity to think about how we attract and retain employees with disabilities. One of the strategic directions that we are adopting to help us is working with nonprofit organizations that specialize in helping people with disabilities find employment. Better informing these institutions of GRC opportunities and needs will help us find qualified candidates to fill positions. 
 Today we want to share a little about an organization named Trillium. Trillium reached out to help us with hiring people with disabilities. As additional organizations connect with us to assist us with achieving the Governor’s Disability Employment Challenge, we will introduce them to you. 
 Tell me about Trillium and its services 
 Trillium is an Auburn-based nonprofit that helps institutions and companies integrate people with intellectual disabilities into their workforce. They currently support nearly 300 institutions/businesses in recruiting and training employees with disabilities including the City of Auburn and the Auburn School District. Institutional/business testimonials name positive impacts such as the addition of highly motivated employees, improving customer satisfaction, and increasing staffing efficiency that helps them achieve organizational goals. These employees fill positions from clerical to assembly, child care to data entry. Check out  this video for example administrative jobs  in various industries. 
 Now, how does this work? 
 Trillium meets with supervisors to understand staffing needs, workflow obstacles, and routine or project-based tasks. After they identify key tasks, they look to their pool of job seekers for candidates who meet the needs and fit GRC culture. Trillium then supports our team by onboarding the new employee, providing on-site assistance with training and team integration. Their consulting services are available for the duration of the employment, so they can assist with new or re-training needs. 
 When can I meet with Trillium? 
 Trillium will be on campus April 20, 2015, at 1:30 pm to talk about its services. 
 April 9, 2015  by  Zack Smith 
 Nominate Employees Who Go the Extra Mile! 
 
 Employee Spotlights ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Contest ,  Deadline 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 PSRW Recognition Event Flyer 
 Do you know a state employee or manager who goes above and beyond the call of duty?  Public Service Recognition Week (PSRW) , which will be held this year between May 4-8, 2015, is a national celebration recognizing the contribution of public employees. In the spirit of recognizing exemplary service, the state PSRW Celebration Committee is asking the public and fellow employees to nominate state government and higher education staff for two state awards. 
 “I’ve seen firsthand the dedication of front-line employees and supervisors,” said Gov. Jay Inslee. “They’re innovating in a time of tight resources. They’re finding ways to serve Washingtonians better. And they’re doing it with a spirit of service that makes me deeply proud.” 
 Each year, the  Extra Mile Award  is given to individuals or groups of state employees who surpass expectations for exemplary public service by demonstrating attributes such as: 
 
 Innovative techniques and methods 
 Outstanding leadership 
 Visionary thinking 
 Personal valor or bravery 
 Outstanding customer service 
 Or overcoming great odds or disadvantages. 
 
 A second award, the  Leadership Award , is given to individuals at all levels of management who show exemplary leadership, such as inspiration, vision, integrity and commitment to service. 
 Nomination forms for either award may be  downloaded here . Completed nomination forms can be emailed to  prsrw@ofm.wa.gov . 
 Nomination forms are due by  5 p.m. on Friday, April 17, 2015 . 
 Each year, about 15 employees are selected for the Extra Mile Award, and about five are selected for the Leadership Award. 
 If you have any questions or need further information, please feel free to contact: 
 Bobbi Foreman or Mark Sullivan 
(360) 407-4149 
 psrw@ofm.wa.gov 
 April 2, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 What is Governor Inslee’s Disability Employment Challenge? 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Campus Engagement ,  Disabilities 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Governor Inslee's initial goal is to have people living with a disability make up 5% of the state government workforce by June 30, 2017. 
 As of July 2013, only 3.1% of state employees had a disclosed disability. That translates into adding about 1,000 workers who have disabilities. Governor Inslee's ultimate goal is to reach parity, which would mean that that the percentage of people who have disclosed disabilities working  for  the state is at least equal to the 5.8% representation of people with disabilities among those working  in  the state. 
 The upcoming staffing columns will talk about disability nonprofit organizations, what they offer, and how we can work together to rise to Governor Inslee’s Employment Challenge. 
 March 26, 2015March 26, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Tapping into LinkedIn's Pipeline of Talent! 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Campus Engagement ,  LinkedIn ,  Recruitment 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Quickly off the top of your head, count how many LinkedIn personal connections and professional work groups you engage in. You probably are saying to yourself, I have too many to count, I will estimate how many and continue reading. 
 Pause for a moment and consider how you can tap into your connections and professional work groups to attract diverse, high performing talent. Think about the unbelievable power of personal communication. 
 Now, imagine how your connections would feel to receive your personalized statement of why Green River is a great place to work and personal invitation to view specific Green River Career Opportunities. How would you respond if you received such an invitation? You would probably act on the invitation even if you aren't actively seeking a new opportunity. 
 Please take a moment today to extend a personalized message to review a Green River Career Opportunity via LinkedIn and then tell us about your experience! 
 March 19, 2015March 19, 2015  by  Claire Gorenstein 
 LinkedIn Groups for the Late Bloomer 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 LinkedIn 
 Leave a comment 
 
 As I confessed to you last week, I am making up for lost time in getting on the LinkedIn bandwagon. Hence, I have referred to myself as a Late Bloomer. While searching for groups to join, I’ve come across some that you may be interested in… 
 Any Trekkies out there? Live long and prosper. 
 
 Professional & Organizational Development Network in Higher Education (POD) 
 Association for Continuing Higher Education 
 Higher Education Management 
 How are higher education professionals using LinkedIn 
 8 Great LinkedIn Groups for Higher Education 
 Higher Education Marketing Professionals 
 Washington State Community & Technical College eLearning Council 
 WorkSource Networking Group 
 Career and Technical Education - Washington 
 Washington State Community & Technical College eLearning Council 
 TRIO 
 Star Trek 
 
 March 10, 2015March 10, 2015  by  Claire Gorenstein 
 LinkedIn 101 for the Late Bloomer 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities ,  Training & Development 
 LinkedIn ,  Recruitment ,  Training 
 Leave a comment 
 
 LinkedIn 101 for the Late Bloomer 
 So, I admit I am a newbie when it comes to this subject and most of you could teach me a thing or two about it. Facebook, on the other hand, is another story all together. 
 I think I'm ready to do this LinkedIn thing. 
 What intrigues me the most about LinkedIn, is how it can help me connect with others in my field to get information, feedback and ideas about projects and processes -- and to share Green River’s career opportunities. I’ve done a little research on the subject and perhaps it will convince you to try something new, in  addition  to Facebook. 
 Starting Out: 
 Begin by connecting with people you know well. These might include family members, friends, current and former coworkers and supervisors (and Facebook friends :-0 ). When you’re first starting with LinkedIn, aim for adding at least 50 connections. 
 Joining and Contributing to Groups: 
 (This is the part when you start reaching out to other professionals in your field.) 
 I can network with other HR professionals on LinkedIn. 
 LinkedIn offers many groups for users. Groups may be focused on a common profession, industry, program or affiliation. Users can join up to 50 groups. Joining a group will connect you to other individuals with common careers, interests or affiliations with whom you can share information, network, and have discussions. 
 Using the Search Box on LinkedIn, you can conduct a search of LinkedIn groups by keywords of interest. You will likely receive many results for each industry or keyword that you enter. It would be a good idea to compare multiple groups and see how active they are, how many members they have, and if the content interests you. 
 LinkedIn offers two types of groups: Members-Only Groups and Open Groups. Members-Only Groups require individuals to join the group in order to see and contribute to the discussions. The discussions cannot be shared on other social media platforms. Discussions in Open Groups are visible by anyone and can be found using Internet search engines. These discussions can also be shared on various social media platforms. 
 Members: You are able to view all of the members of a group you have joined. Here, you can find and send messages to people with whom you are interested in sharing information about processes and projects pertaining to your department or program. 
 Discussions: Group members can post discussions to encourage dialogue of interest among other members. Discussions are often focused on relevant news or updates for the particular field or trending topics in your field. If you wish to start your own discussion, you may consider posting an article you have recently read with your thoughts or opinions; posing a question about a specific topic, or requesting advice or fresh ideas. 
 I've got this! 
 Status Updates: 
 Posting status updates on LinkedIn is a great way to interact with your connections and maintain an active presence. Similar to other social media, when you post a status, it will be shared with all of your connections. Some topics you may consider when posting a status are: 
 
 Interesting articles you’ve read about your field or program, along with your thoughts 
 Questions you have for other professionals 
 
 Who’s Who: 
 First degree connections are people you are directly connected to and likely know well. You will be able to see their full profiles. 
 Second degree connections are individuals who are directly connected to one of your first degree connections but not to you. You will be able to see your second degree connections’ full names and select information from their profiles. 
 Third degree connections are people who you are more distantly connected to, as they are connected to your second degree connections. Based on the individual’s privacy settings, you may be able to see a third degree connection’s full name, or you may only be able to see their first name and first initial of last name. 
 Group connections are members of the groups you join. Individuals elect whether or not to accept messages from group connections, so you may not be able to contact all of your group connections directly. 
 This concludes LinkedIn 101 for the Late Bloomer. See you on   LinkedIn   ! 
 February 20, 2015  by  Claire Gorenstein 
 Verifications of Employment and Letters of Recommendation 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Employment ,  Feedback ,  Letter of Recommendation ,  Verification of Employment 
 Leave a comment 
 
 In Human Resources, we often receive questions from employees asking if they are allowed to provide feedback to people outside the college (employers, other colleges, etc.) for students, colleagues or direct reports. As there has been significant litigation involving reference information and the possibility of personal and college liability, we combed through the multitude of information available and hope you find the following rules of thumb helpful. 
 Verification of employment forms or requests that you receive: 
 
 If you are an employee of our college, please forward these requests to Human Resources to handle. 
 
 Recommendation letters you are asked to write: 
 
 If you are an employee of our college writing a recommendation letter or email for a current/former Green River student, you MAY use Green River letterhead and/or email. 
 If you are an employee of our college writing a recommendation letter or email for a current/former employee or colleague (that was not a student of Green River) you MAY NOT use Green River letterhead and/or email. 
 
 We appreciate your cooperation in following these rules of thumb. If you have specific questions about recommendation letters, do not hesitate to contact our office! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
