  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 B2B Marketing Manager 
 at Adzuna 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 ​About us: 
 Adzuna is a job search engine that lists every job, everywhere. From launch in the UK in 2011, we now have more than 10 million visitors a month and are busy conquering the world from our office in West London, helping millions of people find better, more fulfilling jobs. 
 The role: 
 Adzuna's success to date has been down to the skills, hard work and determination of the brilliant and diverse group of people we have hired across the globe. Right now, we're seeking a B2B Marketing Manager to define, lead and execute our B2B strategy in 16 territories with a focus on the US and UK. This is an incredible opportunity to leverage our relationships within the recruitment industry  and build on the great coverage we already have in some of the world's top publications like the Washington Post, FT, The Times and much more. 
 You will be the go-to person in the business for all things B2B Marketing. You will build close relationships with senior management across Sales and Product. You will work alongside our incredible Sales leaders and our PR Manager to create propositions that drive leads and tell the Adzuna story to the media and our clients. 
 The Marketing team will benefit from your experience to date but even more important is the passion you bring to work every day. You will strive for excellence, try new things, inspire and engage those around you and feel ownership of overall company success as well as pride in doing your bit. 
 What's in it for you? 
 Adzuna is a growing scale-up, championing real change in the job market globally - using the power of tech to match people to better, more fulfilling jobs. We're at a really pivotal time in our journey and it's an exciting moment to join. We're growing rapidly in the US in particular on the back of cutting-edge programmatic technology, expanding our labour market data offerings and growing year on year (and hiring!) despite COVID-19. 
 Like everyone here, you will act like an owner, be a team player and make a difference. It's an opportunity to work with a smart team led by experienced management and dedicated and passionate Founders. You have the chance to own yours and the company's growth in terms of: 
 
 Building the brand proposition in the hearts and minds of employers, agencies and programmatic platforms 
 Creating compelling marketing and promotional material in line with our brand and sales strategy. 
 Scaling our network of potential clients and delivering quality leads for our sales team 
 Developing our B2B strategy across our suite of products and geographies, alongside Founders and Management Team 
 Developing and nurturing our prospect database 
 Contributing to our product roadmap and future developments 
 
 It's not an easy feat, but our aim is to create a business of which we are all proud and an environment where you will love to be, where you can be yourself to do what you do best. 
 Requirements 
 We don't like to put people in boxes, but you're likely to be able to demonstrate experience of, or aptitude for much of the below: 
 
 3-5 years of B2B and content marketing experience 
 Experience building "through the funnel" B2B marketing plans tailoring the right message to the right audience 
 Experience of building and executing content marketing strategies across multiple medium 
 Experience in sales lead pipeline and CRM management tools 
 An analytical mind, you are able to use tools and services to identify content generation ideas. 
 Previous experience building and managing partnership opportunities with exposure to the UK and US 
 Good understanding of online advertising or jobs/classifieds industry 
 Strong communication and networking skills, both written and verbal 
 Can present to and build relationships with senior level counterparts 
 Self-motivated, ambitious, energetic and smart person who enjoys building strong relationships with their partners 
 
 It's a bonus if you have: 
 
 Worked in the recruitment industry 
 Experience across multiple countries, especially the US 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Reward We offer a competitive financial package which includes competitive salary, stock options, a contributory pension scheme and Perks at Work. 
 Wellbeing: We take the wellbeing of our employees seriously and have taken every step possible to protect the health and wellbeing of our people during COVID-19. Amongst other things, we offer healthcare through Babylon Health, access to free counselling and a programme of wellbeing activities and events. We have a flexible working policy and during COVID-19, for the foreseeable, no one is expected back in the office unless they choose to attend. We also run regular wellbeing workshops, offer enhanced maternity and paternity leave because we welcome people with families, and 25 days paid holiday per year 
 Training: Through our Adzuna Academy training programme, attending (virtual) conferences, team training budgets, individual development plans and coaching from experienced and supportive peers and managers. 
 Fun stuff: An environment that is thoughtfully designed to allow for work and play including (when we're not restricted by COVID-19) a roof terrace, bar and table tennis. We have a packed social calendar, twice annual global team get-togethers and an enviable culture thanks to the amazing and smart people who make Adzuna a great place to work. Much of this is all done remotely at the moment of course - even during COVID-19 we are still managing to have a lot of fun 'together' thanks to our great Social Committee. 
 
 We treat jobseekers as people not as products. We do the same for our team, seeing the diverse range of strengths they bring to our business. Regardless of background, race, gender, sexuality or ability, we welcome everyone to our team. Our people are the most important asset we have. 
 Please let us know if we need to accommodate a disability during the hiring process, so that we can give you the support you need. 
 Published at 1 Dec 2020 - Expires on 1 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Adzuna 
 fulltime  Strategy Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __14-09-2020 
 fulltime  Campaign Analyst  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-10-2020 
 fulltime  Global Partnerships Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __25-11-2020 
 fulltime  Agency Lead Germany  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Perl Developer  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Development Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Customer Success Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Account Manager, France  at Adzuna in London 
 __04-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
