Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Bed Bath & Beyond 
 __Stoney Creek, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We live by a promise to our customers that we make it easy to feel at home. We’ve made enhancements to our store environment and implemented health and safety best practices to ensure a clean and safe shopping environment for customers and a safe workplace for our associates. 
 Here are some examples of the things that we are doing to make it easy to feel safe at work too. 
 
 Reduced Hours 
 Associate temperature checks before the start of every shift 
 Providing our associates with public health guidance safety training recommendations and recommended supplies for use at work 
 Social distancing measures ensured in workspaces and breakrooms. Guidance provided to our customers for their safety and yours. 
 Protective barriers at cash registers 
 All stores follow rigorous cleaning procedures recommended by the public health guidance association. 
 
 As a Sales Associate, you will be responsible for exceeding our customers’ evolving expectations by providing “best in class” customer service and a pleasant and fulfilling shopping experience. Successful candidates will be given the opportunity to offer our customers the widest range of quality housewares, home furnishings and much more! We offer associate discounts, flexible schedules, ongoing training, and the potential for advancement. 
 The Sales Associate is expected to engage customers to determine their needs and direct them to the appropriate merchandise while providing product knowledge and offering additional goods and services. In this role you will be expected to meet sales and productivity goals and you will work directly as a consultant to customers who want to create wedding and gift registries. 
 Key Responsibilities : 
Engage customers in a courteous, helpful, and respectful manner, promptly and politely responds to customer inquiries and customer requests for support 
Escort customers to appropriate merchandise 
Explain basic features of merchandise to customers 
Resolve customer issues and escalates issues as necessary to ensure customer satisfaction 
Organize and straighten merchandise areas on the sales floor 
Process customer transactions through the register as required 
Execute activities related to store initiatives to offer customers additional products and services (e.g., special sale items, credit card applications) 
Assist customers in creating registries, as needed 
Execute price changes and sign changes as needed 
Perform additional, sometimes specialized duties as required by business needs including, but not limited to, stocking, freight processing, fulfillment, and price changes, cart retrieval and cashiering 
 Education/Experience/Qualifications : 
High School diploma or equivalent 
1 year of retail experience desired 
Effective communication and customer service skills 
Readily adjusts schedule, tasks, and priorities when necessary to meet business needs 
 If you need reasonable accommodations to complete the on-line application, please contact the Human Resource Department: 
 Phone:  1-844-MYHRSC1 
 Email:  myHRSC@bedbath.com 
 This email address is only to request reasonable accommodation for the application process due to a medical condition. If you do not need a reasonable accommodation for such reason, please use the apply button below to complete an application and upload your resume. 
 An Equal Opportunity Employer 
 It is the policy of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. to recruit, hire, train, promote, transfer and compensate our associates and provide all other conditions of employment including Company sponsored events without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, lawful alien status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, citizenship status, veteran status, employment status or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
 Location:  ON, Stoney Creek, 1783 Stone Church Rd E Unit 2 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
