[ 
 Inner Workings of My Mind 
 Just another WordPress.com weblog 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/ "Inner Workings of My Mind") 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Egypt 
 Just me 
 Sport 
 Travel 
 Trans-European Cycle 
 Kilimanjaro Diaries 
 My Real-Life Amazing Race Against a Volcano 
 Revisiting Islam 
 UK 
 
 Search for: 
 job 
 [ 
 On the Prowl for the Perfect Job 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2011/04/06/on-the-prowl-for-the-perfect-job/) 
 I’m at a crossroads in my career. At the end of June, I’ll have completed the organization of the World Conference of Science Journalists 2011. I have been working on this conference for two years. 
 It’s time for me to look for a job. 
 Thing is, I don’t want just any job. I want the PERFECT job. 
 (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me ,  Science journalism ,  Travel  and tagged  job ,  Journalism ,  Nadia El-Awady ,  National Geographic ,  perfect ,  program management ,  science ,  science journalism ,  television ,  Travel  on  April 6, 2011  by  nadiaelawady .  13 Comments 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 80,948 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow @NadiaE on Twitter 
 
 So happy for all the  #FameLabInternational2020  finalists and winners. Well done everyone!  1 month ago 
 
 Copyright notice 
 © Nadia El-Awady and Inner Workings of My Mind. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Small excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Nadia El-Awady and Inner Workings of My Mind with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Sara Hegazy and the freedom to be yourself 
 The hiking kings of Sweden's Kungsleden Trail 
 Moments of clarity from within an anxiety-induced brain fog 
 What it means to become British 
 Giving context to loneliness 
 West Highland Way: A Spur of the Moment Challenge 
 Lessons forgotten and wisdom long-gone 
 Poppy the Cat 
 Post-race depression? Breaking the cycle 
 A jihad against jihad (struggle) 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Dream Diary Egypt Just me Reviews    Book reviews    Movie reviews Revisiting Islam Science journalism Sport Travel    Kilimanjaro    Mont Blanc    Racing a Volcano    Travelblogs UK Uncategorized مختبر الفيديو بلوج 
 Subscribe to Inner Workings of My Mind 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 80,948 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 June Panorama 2011…  on  I've Gone and Done It No… 
 
 
 
 
 Αλή Αλ-Γιουνάνι on  Hijab and Western Discrim… 
 
 
 
 anna on  Me and my second-grade cr… 
 
 
 
 nadiaelawady on  Sara Hegazy and the freedom to… 
 
 
 
 michelle wong on  Sara Hegazy and the freedom to… 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
