Skip to content 
  The Heroine's Journey  
 You Are the Storyteller of Your Own Life. Create Your Own Legend, - Or Not! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Peter 
 
 About Peter 
 Book Peter to Speak 
 The Heroine's Journey Today 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 For Individuals 
 
 Virtual Journeys 
 
 Hello Storytelling 
 Storytelling for Business 
 Stories for Innovation 
 Storytelling for Speakers 
 Stories for Change 
 From Stories to Action 
 Stories to Unlock Creativity 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 In the Company of Heroines 
 Storytelling for Impact 
 
 
 Travel Solo 
 
 Career Management for Creative Professionals 
 Money Management for Creative Professionals 
 Self Promotion for Creative Professionals 
 Time Management for Creative Professionals 
 Organizing for Creative Professionals 
 
 
 One Day Trips 
 
 Storyteller in One Day 
 Corporate Storyteller in One Day 
 Financial Storyteller in One Day 
 Know Your Story in One Day 
 
 
 Three Day Journeys 
 
 The Power of your Story 
 The Leader's Story 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 Your Clients Story 
 The New Storytellers 
 The Heroine's Journey 
 The Innovator's Story 
 
 
 Winter Schools 
 
 Winter School in Rome 
 Winter School in Paris 
 Winter School in London 
 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 How it Works 
 
 For Travellers 
 For Mentors 
 
 
 Become a Mentor 
 Finding the Right Mentor 
 
 
 Specials & Experiences 
 
 The Heroine's Confidence 
 Conference 
 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 
 
 
 For Business 
 
 The Heroine's Journey Talks 
 The StoryLab 
 The Story Expedition 
 Brand Story Partnership 
 Become a Story Coach 
 
 
 One Great Story 
 
 Testdrive Your Dreamjob 
 In  Testdrive your Dream Job  , you’ll discover in a journey in Paris in the footsteps of Julia Child how you can identify, explore and experience your creative dream job, and how or if you want to pursue it. 
 Peter de Kuster, founder of The Heroine’s Journey, offers professional, personal and financial perspectives on how to transition into a new career and turn your creative dream job into a reality without risking your current job or jeopardizing your financial stability. 
 By following this practical and encouraging self-discovery guide, you will gain a better understanding of who you are now; what fulfills you both personally and professionally; how to get from Point A to Point B on the road to your dream job; or perhaps satisfy your curiosity and gain a deeper appreciation for where you are now in your creative life and your creative career. 
 Testdrive your Dream Job  as a concept is almost five hundred years old. People who travel to discover their vocation. As our heroine in Julie & Julia who follows in the footsteps of Julia Child. 
 After years of fantasy something about living the job and the life for just a few days, weeks or months empowered them to take action. Partly it was the learning – the concrete knowledge they gained about the desired profession or business. Partly it was the mentor who held their hand, boosted their confidence, and offered ongoing help. Partly it was the contacts they made, which made taking the next steps easier. 
 But above and beyond those practical things, there was something else the Testdrive in your Dream Job awakened and energized something deep inside them. It connected them with the truest part of themselves, a part that had previously felt dormant and that, once awakened, refused to be ignored. 
 Why take a Testdrive in your Dream Job? 
 
 To “test-drive” your dream job before committing 
 To find a mentor 
 To learn the “ins and outs” of the business 
 To make contacts with opinion leaders in the industry 
 To boost your confidence 
 To explore a passion 
 To satisfy your curiosity about ‘the road not taken’ 
 To test possible careers when you don’t know what is next 
 To experience an unusual, invigorating vacation 
 To try something new and challenge yourself in new ways 
 To gain perspective on your current job, lifestyle and future 
 To reconnect with a dormant part of yourself 
 
 DETAILS 
 Day One. You Can Do It - One Step at a Time. Testdrive your Dreamjob; how does it work; How to deal with fear? How to research your dreamjob. 
 Day Two. Meeting three different mentors during the day for one to two hours. Making the Testdrives in your Dreamjob 
 Day Three. Evaluation of the Testdrives. What is your story about your Dreambusiness now? Making your Action Plan. When Things Don't Go According to the Plan. The Taste of Happiness!! 
 You can read in detail about the Testdrive your Dreamjob journey on the special website  www.testdriveyourdreamjob.wordpress.com 
 TIMETABLE 
 09.10 Welcome & drinks 
09.30 Journey commences 
15.45 Break (times vary) 
17.00 Journey finishes 
 PRICE 
 -Regular rate for business participants € 2,850.00 + VAT 
 -Special rate for startups, freelance creative professionals and social enterprises € 2,550.00 + VAT 
 -Special rate for 2 colleagues from the same organization € 4.700,00 + VAT 
 CONTACT US TO REGISTER 
 You can reach us by mailing to theherojourneyquestionnaires@gmail.com 
 About Peter de Kuster 
 Peter de Kuster is the founder of The Heroine's Journey & Hero's Journey project, a storytelling firm which helps creative professionals to create careers and lives based on whatever story is most integral to their lifes and careers (values, traits, skills and experiences). Peter's approach combines in-depth storytelling and marketing expertise, and for over 20 years clients have found it effective with a wide range of creative business issues. 
 Peter is writer of the series The Heroine's Journey and Hero's Journey books, he has an MBA in Marketing, MBA in Financial Economics and graduated at university in Sociology and Communication Sciences. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
