
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 MDacne (W17) 
 An app that analyzes your selfie and delivers custom acne treatment. 
 Growth Marketer for a Rapidly Growing Startup ✨ 
 $60k - $100k • 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About MDacne 
 At MDacne we are building the future of Dermatology. 
 Today less than 10% of the population can afford to see a Dermatologist. Our app analyzes the skin automatically using our AI technology and provides personalized treatment, without needing to see a doctor! 
 MDacne is the #1 dermatology app in the world and has been used by millions of people. 
 The MDacne team combines the highest levels of expertise in dermatology, AI, and marketing. Come and join us on the mission to democratize Dermatology. 
 About the role 
 A rare opportunity to be the first growth marketer of a fast-growing medical-tech startup ✨ 
 We are MDacne, and we are building the future of dermatology. Our app analyzes the skin automatically using our AI technology and provides personalized treatment, without needing to see a dermatologist! 
 The MDacne app is the most downloaded dermatology app both in Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, but this is just the beginning. 
 We are looking for a highly-talented growth marketer. 
 As part of the job, you will: 
 
 Manage our paid marketing channels. 
 Work closely with our creative team, and brainstorm unique ad ideas. 
 Come up with creative marketing experiments, and test them. 
 Analyze results, and develop new insights. 
 
 What we're looking for: 
 
 A creative, curious, self-motivated person that is excited about working in a mission-driven company 
 Experience running paid marketing channels and scaling them. 
 A passion for running growth marketing experiments with high-impact. 
 Ability to be highly effective when working independently in a remote position. 
 A continuous learner. We don't expect you to know everything, but we are looking for someone that has the ability to learn fast and grow with the company. This is a long term, full-time, remote position. 
 
 Technology 
 
 We are building custom deep learning models for skin analysis 
 Developing native iOS, Android mobile apps 
 Developing backend APIs for our mobile apps, our e-commerce website using Ruby on Rails 
 
 Other jobs at MDacne 
 Growth Marketer for a Rapidly Growing Startup ✨ 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 $60k - $100k 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
