Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cleaner/Porter 
 York Region 
 __Vaughan, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Purpose 
Reporting to the Supervisor, Food Services, is responsible for cleaning and sanitation required within the kitchen, dining areas and serveries; transports meals, food supplies and dietary equipment throughout the facility; assists with on-line ordering and inventory control for food items and supplies for the Dietary Department in accordance to menus and catering needs. 
Qualifications 
 
 Responsible for the cleaning, sanitization and contamination control of major pieces of equipment and of the physical Department, in compliance with Department policy and Health and Safety regulations. 
 Operates commercial cleaning equipment and cleans all areas of the kitchen including washing furnishings, floors and walls with special cleaning solutions and disinfectants; washes/wipes and sanitizes all heavy pieces of equipment, refrigerators, ranges, range hoods, fans and other stationary and non-stationary equipment. 
 Cleans pots and other heavy food serving and preparation equipment including food service carts. 
 Transports meals from the main kitchen area to various dining areas or resident rooms. 
 Receives food orders; transports food, supplies and equipment from storage area to other dining areas. 
 Maintains kitchen areas in appropriate order. 
 Assists the Supervisor of Food Service to prepare and regularly update the order guide. 
 Rotate stock and supplies in storage and refrigeration units. 
 Communicate shortages and back orders with the Team Leader and vendor. 
 Assists in on the job “buddy training system” of other employees as assigned. 
 Participates in facility C.Q.I. and Occupational Health and Safety programs and on committees, work groups, as assigned. 
 Performs other duties as assigned to meet Branch and Department objectives. 
 May occasionally be required to respond to emergency situations outside of normal business hours, as related to the Departmental Emergency Plan. 
 
 Scheduled Hours 
As Required and Varied 
Operational Hours 
24/7 
How to Apply 
Please apply online by August 17, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted via email. 
Salary 
 Salary:  $24.22 to $26.33 per hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
