  
 Nikki Skies  
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Bio 
 Books 
 Current Projects/Booking Info 
 SHE CHRONICLES 2021 SUBMISSIONS ARE NOW OPEN 
 When We Arrived Poetry Series: The Video Edition 2021 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: new career 
 blogger ,  education 
 a new career, for the 3rd time; the first year 
 July 25, 2018   nikki skies   2 Comments 
 In between speaking engagements or during the interim of writing projects, I picked up side jobs to keep me financially ahead instead of becoming creatively stifled due to trying to maintain or "stay afloat". After I wrote my play, "Hope's Return", I was introduced to the Atlanta theatre world and re-connected with previous theatre buddies. With this, I was invited on several occasions to apply to teaching positions in the theatre capacity. 
 After years of executive retail store management, I had  NO  interest in working with a theatre company and devoting my nights and weekends. And after experience with non-profit organizations, I had  NO  interest in working for a community/neighborhood theatre and contributing countless loads of money to guarantee a successful and professional looking production. Now, I have done both of these positions before and at that time in my life they were incredibly rewarding and I thoroughly enjoyed them. However, that time has come and gone. I have both of those t-shirts folded somewhere in my closet. 
 A few years ago, I began substitute teaching for public schools. I quickly learned, after several assignments, I was great with pre-k to 4th grade. I didn't have the language or patience for any grade above 4th grade. I joyfully worked a full school year as a sub, even so that towards the end of the year, I was requested by teachers and principals more than I had to seek assignments. The following school year came and the only thing I wanted to change was to be stable as a long term substitute with two or three schools. I saw a posting for a long term substitute for a school that had three campuses. I thought that this would surely keep me busy and it is exactly what I had prayed for. I applied and got the position. 
 I started my six week assignment for a 4th grade English Language Arts (ELA) teacher going on maternity leave. I loved the environment of teachers I was around everyday! And as luck would have it, a fellow 4th grade ELA teacher had resigned and would be leaving around the same time my assignment would be over. Administration asked me if I was interested in becoming part of the team as a full-time ELA teacher, I accepted. 
 So there I was, I had entered a new career (outside of my artistry), for the 3rd time. A job that concluded between 3:30 and 4pm and was conveniently close to my home. And the best part, I was able to impose the magnitude of words in the young minds of brown kids 5 days of week. I was able to share my passion of sentence structure and reading on some impressionable minds. What I had never taken into account were the behavioral curves and obstacles that reared its' ugly head every day. 
 Continue reading a new career, for the 3rd time; the first year -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 #teacher blogger blogging education educators ELA teachers elementary teachers new career public school teaching women educators writing 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search for: 
 what we talk about here 
 actualization   african american culture   art   art careers   authors   black arts movement   black feminism   blackhistory   blogger   blogging   books   creative writing   determination   dreams   family   freedom   general   literature   love   manifestation   national poetry month   poems   poetry   poets   prose   spokenword poetry   womanism   women writers   writers   writing 
 Appearances 
 New schedule will post soon! 
 AWARDS 
   
 I am a lover of perseverance. I am folklore. I am consistency and contradiction. 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 Naturally Here 
 Thank You to the "When We Arrived" Guest Poetry Post Contributors 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Thank you to the previous She Chronicles Contributors. 2019 WILL BE AMAZING! 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Nikki Skies 
 
 Nikki Skies 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow Nikki Skies on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
