Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Primary Care Paramedic 
 York Region 
 __East Gwillimbury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Reporting to the Superintendent/Supervisor, EMS Paramedic Operations, is responsible for providing ambulance services, 24-hour pre-hospital emergency and non-emergency care, and transportation to and between hospitals for patients experiencing injury or illness; complying with the current Ambulance Act, Ministry of Health Basic Life Support Patient Care Standards, Advanced Life Support Patient Care Standards, Regional Base Hospital Program medical directives and policies, the Highway Traffic Act, and other applicable legislation. 
 MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Provides primary emergency medical care for ill or injured persons by taking the lead at emergency sites with a focus on providing pre-hospital life support. 
 Provides transportation for ill or injured persons, to, from, and between treatment facilities, in specially equipped ambulance vehicles, as directed by the Central Ambulance Communications Centre (CACC). 
 Provides effective patient assessment and treatment according to Provincial and Regional Base Hospital standards and protocols. 
 Prepares various reports including Ambulance Call Reports, Incident/Occurrence Reports, Vehicle Checklists and other reports, as deemed appropriate by the Region’s EMS Branch and/or the Ministry of Health 
 Maintains cleanliness and sanitation of fleet vehicles; stocks vehicle medical supplies; reports any missing or malfunctioning equipment and vehicle defibrillator to the Supervisor through the electronic reporting system. 
 Maintains the cleanliness of paramedic response stations; stocks medical supplies and equipment, as appropriate. 
 Interacts with members of the health care team, allied emergency care providers, the public and patients in a professional manner. 
 Communicates with CACC to ensure they are advised of status and location at all times. 
 Maintains technical knowledge by attending workshops and in-service training sessions, participating in refresher training, as required; participates in research projects, as assigned. 
 Maintains all legislated requirements for employment and all certification requirements as set by the MOHLTC, Regional Base Hospital and the Region. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Successful completion of a Community College Diploma in Ambulance and Emergency Care, combined with certification in accordance with the Ambulance Act of Ontario and eligibility for EMCA/AEMCA in Ontario. 
 Eligibility for certification in Symptom Relief, Defibrillation, Autonomous Intravenous (AIV) Programs with the Regional Base Hospital Progam. 
 Ontario Class “F” driver’s licence or equivalent in good standing which meets the requirements of the Ambulance Act of Ontario. 
 Current BTLS International Certification. 
 Satisfactory Police Vulnerable Sector Check. 
 Knowledge of and demonstrated ability in corporate core competencies including customer service, communication, team work, initiative/self management, accountability, flexibility and adaptability. 
 Knowledge of the Ambulance Act of Ontario, Ministry of Health Basic Life Support Patient Care Standards, Advanced Life Support Patient Care Standards, Regional Base Hospital Program medical directives and policies, applicable sections of the Highway Traffic Act, and other relevant legislation. 
 Strong communication skills and the ability to interact with various community partners. 
 
 HOW TO APPLY 
 Please apply online by November 30, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted via email. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
