  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 Yesterday 
 Mobile App for Inspection of activities on site 
 Published: Yesterday  Deadline: 54 Bids: 17 
 1. Development of Mobile App for Android Only 
2. Mobile App functionalities need to read/write data based on Offline Mode & Sych once connected to Internet to the System Backend 
3. API Development for the Backend System 
4. 
Duration of 1 & Half Month 
5. Connected with Map Services for Location Based / Location of Inspection 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  D. A. I. Last reply: 4 hours ago     Malaysia 
 Over USD 3,000 
 7 minutes ago 
 Full stack Developer needed 
 Published: 7 minutes ago  Bids: 0 
 I'm looking for a reliable and talented full stack developer. 
There will be a potential if you do a good job. 
Will share details with right candidates. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Published by:  N. S.    United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 12 minutes ago 
 An experienced virtual assistant needed 
 Published: 12 minutes ago  Bids: 0 
 Virtual assistants help their employers with daily administrative tasks and schedules. Instead of going into the office every day, virtual assistants complete their responsibilities remotely at home or in another location of their choice with internet access. In this role, you are in charge of handling the small details to keep the company moving so that your employer can focus on large company goals. 
You may communicate with your employer on multiple channels, such as email, video messaging, instant messaging, and phone calls. Other responsibilities include organizing your employer’s files, answering emails, arranging meetings and travel plans, and helping to create presentation materials. A virtual assistant must be able to manage expense reports, orders, and confidential financial information. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. W.    United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 27 minutes ago 
 Website For Auto Claim Proccess 
 Published: 27 minutes ago  Bids: 1 
 I need a website as soon as possible i have the domain. Need someone with experience. Im paying 100 dollars, please send your offers 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. R.    United States  Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 hours ago 
 I need customer service project 
 Published: 2 hours ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 I need an experienced customer service agents who can type documents, compiling and filing records, answering and making telephone calls, scheduling appointments and completing general office tasks. Duties vary according to employer needs but data entry clerk roles are versatile. Customer service agents who have experience with virtual assistants, Microsoft word, excel and so on including web research. 
Virtual assistants would be a plus. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  C. H.    United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 hours ago 
 I need virtual assistants 
 Published: 2 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 I need virtual assistant agent to provide support to managers, other employees, and office visitors by handling a variety of tasks in order to ensure that all interactions between the organization and others are positive and productive. This project virtual assistant involves tasks such as organizing meetings and travel arrangements, responding to inquiries, and implementing office procedures and systems. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. H.    United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 5 hours ago 
 Wordpress Developer 
 Published: 5 hours ago  Bids: 2 
 Job Responsibilities: 
- Generating WordPress themes and plugins 
- Development expertise with custom post types, custom fields, plug-ins, theme development and - WordPress database structure knowledge 
- Designing and managing the website back-end including database and server integration 
- Conducting website performance tests 
- Troubleshooting content issues 
- Conducting WordPress training with the client 
- Opinions on WordPress architecture including version control, deployment, server configuration and caching 
- Understanding of WordPress Short codes, functions, and the loop 
- Monitoring the performance of the live website 
- Should have good knowledge about WordPress and bootstrap 
- Advanced proficiency with modern PHP & MySQL development, including object-oriented PHP 
- Should be able to create plugins and make modifications on the website 
- Candidate should be able to design and manage corporate website 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Custom development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. T. Last reply: 3 hours ago     United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Almost an hour ago 
 Translation 
 Published: Almost an hour ago  Bids: 1 
 Hi! I need your help with translate one file from English to French. 
It is one document. 
Paying per hour 
If it is relevant to someone and he think he can help me, please contact me. 
 Thanks. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. D.    Portugal 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
