
 
 Blu-ray Review: 'The GoodTimesKid' and 'Momma's Man,' two early films from Azazel Jacobs 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review: Martin Scorsese's World Cinema Project No. 3, from the Criterion Collection 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review: Pedro Costa reaches new heights with 'Vitalina Varela,' out now from Second Run 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review: Jean Renoir's sublime 'Toni,' from the Criterion Collection 
 
 
 Hitchcock and Grant: Darkness Behind the Charm 
 
 
 The Vision of Buster Keaton 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Serge Gainsbourg, Kelly Reichardt, Jim Jarmusch & more! 
 
 
 The West of Fritz Lang 
 
 
 Blu-ray and DVD Review Round-Up: Films by Hu Bo, Billy Woodbery, Josef von Sternberg & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Bob Fosse, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Karel Kachyňa & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Jean-Luc Godard, Agnès Varda, Pavel Juráček and more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Barbara Loden, Alex Cox, Jindřich Polák and more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Charles Burnett, Todd Haynes, Jan Němec and more! 
 
 
 Technicolor Popeye 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Karel Zeman, Julien Duvivier, Hong Sangsoo and Robert Altman 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Joaquim Pedro de Andrade, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Olivier Assayas & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Kelly Reichardt, Hong Sangsoo, Bill Gunn & more! 
 
 
 'Yellow Submarine' Turns 50 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Jacques Rivette, Derek Jarman, Frank Borzage & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Hou Hsiao-hsien, Ken Russell, Robert Altman and more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Straub-Huillet, F.W. Murnau, Juraj Herz and more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Lina Wertmüller, James Whale, Jean-Luc Godard & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray and DVD Review Round-Up: Films by Chantal Akerman, Kelly Reichardt, William Wellman & more! 
 
 
 Jerry Lewis: An Appreciation in Three Films 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Robert Bresson, Karel Zeman, the Coen Brothers & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-up: Films by Yasujiro Ozu, Allan Dwan, Georges Franju & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Lino Brocka, Julie Dash, Leos Carax & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Jess Franco, Ousmane Sembène & more! 
 
 
 Blu-ray Review Round-Up: Films by Shirley Clarke, Miklós Jancsó, Akira Kurosawa & more! 
 
 
 Tomu Uchida: The Mystery Master 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 
 Feature Articles 
 
 
 Memories 
 
 
 Life-Changing Movies 
 
 
 Blogs & Friends 
 
 
 Support Cinema Paradise 
 
 
 Contributors 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 
 Edward Dmytryk: A Worthy Reexamination (Part II)   Two Versions of Elvis Presley's Best Film 
 The Upper Crust (1981): Frank Gorshin Gives the Performance of His Career in a Forgotten Austrian Thriller 
 _By Stephen Bowie  On April 19, 2014 *  Add Comment  _ 
 Imagine an unassuming policier directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and that will give you some idea of the atmosphere of Peter Patzak’s  The Upper Crust  (  Den Tüchtigen gehört die Welt  ; literally, The Brave Own the World, 1981), an impressive and unjustly forgotten bilingual crime film. Although it appears never to have opened commercially in the United States,  The Upper Crust  screened in a retrospective of Austrian films at the now-defunct Carnegie Hall Cinema in May 1982, and returned to New York earlier this month as part of the  Museum of Modern Art’s “Vienna Unveiled” series . 
 Very much a product of the post-1968 hangover era, in which thoughts of revolution gave way to dispirited cynicism,  The Upper Crust  concerns a murky political conspiracy in which a trio of well-connected government officials (Ernst Konarek, Bibiane Zeller, and Fred Schaffer) turn to murder to suppress a potentially ruinous scandal. Although it’s not entirely clear (at least via the English subtitles) what kind of corporate crimes these starched-collar villains are up to, they are also connected to a prostitution ring via their pimp-enforcer Kralicek (Pavel Landovsky). When a small-time con man, Haumer (Lukas Resatarits), learns that Kralicek got his teenaged girl addicted to heroin and turned her out, he puts his unorthodox professional skills to work in a scheme to exact revenge on the whole group. Not wishing to sully their own hands, the trio send away to America for a mob-connected hit man to dispatch Haumer. 
 
 Although it isn’t quite their equal, Patzak’s film more closely resembles the political thrillers of Costa-Gavras or Wim Wenders’s  The American Friend  than the exuberant, violent Italian poliziotteschi that remain the most-exported Eurocrime genre of the period. Patzak’s palette is all muted browns and grays, and  The Upper Crust  takes place in an overcast, rain-soaked Vienna of modern metal buildings and post-industrial blandness  —  a far cry from Johann Strauss’s Austria. The look of the film is of a piece with the central performance by Franz Buchrieser, who plays the police detective assigned to the case with a thick mustache and a shrug. Smarter than his superiors, Major Kottan is also burned-out and all too aware that bureaucracy will derail any meaningful police work, especially as he follows the misdeeds up the chain to the “upper crust.” Kottan’s portly partner (Walter Davy, a World War II amputee) has only one leg—an inspired visual metaphor for the ineffectuality of the police. 
 The Upper Crust was a spin-off of an acclaimed Austrian television series,  Kottan ermittelt  , which depicted police corruption and incompetence with a darkly humorous tone. The main character’s name is itself a gag, a pun on the Jerry Cotton series of films, and in  The Upper Crust  Buchrieser glares balefully at a couple of suspects who bust out the George Nader jokes. The show is unknown in the United States but sounds a lot like  Hill Street Blues  , which  Kottan  predates by five years. 
 The chief element that distinguishes  The Upper Crust  from  Kottan ermittelt  is also the factor that should make the film ripe for an English-friendly home video release: the addition of American locations and actors to the mix. Patzak connected with Bay Area producer Richard Chase’s Baytide Films, in what  Variety  surmised was “the first true U.S.-Austrian co-production since World War II,” in order to shoot a prologue in some grungy San Francisco locations during the winter of 1980-81. (Primarily a director-producer of television commercials, Chase also worked as a journalist and a Dallas-based restaurateur before his early death at 46, in 1992.) Chase also recommended an American actor to play the villain: Frank Gorshin. 
 Best remembered as  Batman  ’s The Riddler, Gorshin made most of his living as an impressionist and a nightclub entertainer. His career in front of the camera had sputtered after  Batman  ; there were guest shots on crime shows like  Ironside  and  Charlie’s Angels  , but nothing more substantial, and Chase thought of him after reading one of many interviews in which Gorshin complained about the dearth of film roles on offer. The American non-release of  The Upper Crust  meant that nothing much changed for Gorshin -  while promoting the film’s sole appearance in New York City, Gorshin noted that he was about to get killed off after four months on the daytime soap  Edge of Night . It’s a bit of a tragedy, because Gorshin gives a first-rate performance—maybe the best of his life—in  The Upper Crust . 
 The prologue also features two other American actors: Broderick Crawford and stand-up comic Joey Forman, both of whom died not long after the film was made. Forman and Gorshin take Crawford to a sparsely-attended high school basketball game, buy him a couple of beers there, and then kill him during the drive back. They’re all connected to the mob, but Crawford’s character had been talking to the cops. As they leave the body in the passenger seat of a jeep parked under a freeway overpass, Gorshin puts the gun in Crawford’s hand. Forman jokes that a shot to the back of the head is not a very convincing suicide. Gorshin says that’s the most popular way to do it in Germany, then strains a muscle reaching around behind his neck to demonstrate. “Ow!” he exclaims with a sheepish grin, and . . . cut to the opening credits. 
 The banal nature of this murder—a high school basketball game?!—sets the tone for Gorshin’s character, Harry Werner, who loves to gamble online at  casinodames.com/live-casino . He’s as at ease in his work as any paper-pusher who’s been working in the same cubicle for twenty years. Patzak shows him assembling his rifle (and adjusting a loose screw on the sight, which later seems to work itself loose every time he uses it; a nice detail), but spends just as much screen time on Harry’s progress in acquiring a rental car. Any macho posturing or moral agonizing would be out of place within this sketch of pragmatic evil. Gorshin gets that; he plays Harry with total nonchalance, his worn face usually devoid of expression but still captivatingly pregnant with uncertain intent. Every hired killer has to be a sociopath, one imagines, but Gorshin lifts the veil for only an occasional flash of menace. Near the end of the film, on the run from the cops and holed up in a lonely woman’s apartment, Harry kidnaps (catnaps?) his hostage’s beloved feline for leverage. The woman picks up a pan, then hesitates. Gorshin never looks at her; he’s busy stroking the cat. “What do you think?” Harry coos, addressing the pet. “Is she going to hit me with that pan?” It’s a satisfying irony that Gorshin, who became famous for mimicking a certain type of savagely ferocious actor (Richard Widmark, James Cagney, Kirk Douglas, Burt Lancaster) should understand that he could be even more mesmerizing by channelling the somnolence of Robert Mitchum. 
 
 Gorshin’s only Riddler-esque indulgences in  The Upper Crust  are an occasional Nicholsonesque grin and the battered fisherman’s hat he keeps pushing down over his eyes. Both attract more attention than Harry might be expected to want, but it’s okay—they remind us that  The Upper Crust  is first and foremost a star turn. The film’s major flaw is its pulpy, at times nonsensical plotting, and the toughest part to swallow is Harry’s decision to stick around after the job is done—foolish behavior for a experienced lawbreaker. It’s as if Patzak couldn’t bear to let go of Gorshin, even at the expense of his story. Ultimately Harry sticks around until the end, becoming not so much the villain as a twinned, flawed protagonist, equal in stature and screen time to Buchrieser’s Kottan.  The Upper Crust  is Gorshin’s movie all the way. Every underutilized character actor should have one like it. 
 
 Tagged with ->  Batman (TV series)  •  Baytide Films  •  Bibiane Zeller  •  Broderick Crawford  •  Burt Lancaster  •  Carnegie Hall Cinema  •  Charlie's Angels (TV series)  •  Costa-Gavras  •  Edge of Night (TV series)  •  Ernst Konarek  •  Frank Gorshin  •  Franz Buchrieser  •  Fred Schaffer  •  George Nader  •  Hill Street Blues  •  Ironside  •  James Cagney  •  Jerry Cotton (film series)  •  Joey Forman  •  Kirk Douglas  •  Kottan ermittelt (TV series)  •  Lukas Resatarits  •  Museum of Modern Art  •  Pavel Landovsky  •  Peter Patzak  •  Rainer Werner Fassbinder  •  Richard Chase (producer)  •  Richard Widmark  •  Robert Mitchum  •  San Francisco  •  The Riddler  •  Variety (trade paper)  •  Vienna  •  Walter Davy  •  Wim Wenders  •  “Vienna Unveiled” series 
 Share -> 
 Tweet 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 You must be  logged in  to post a comment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search World Cinema Paradise 
 
 
 Follow World Cinema Paradise 
 
 
   
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 3-D   3-D Film Archive   Akira Kurosawa   Alfred Hitchcock   arrow video   Billy Wilder   Blu-ray   Bob Furmanek   Buster Keaton   cinema guild   Cinerama   Columbia Pictures   Criterion   Criterion Collection   Don Siegel   DVD   Elvis Presley   film noir   Flicker Alley   Fritz Lang   George Lucas   Greg Kintz   Harry Cohn   Humphrey Bogart   It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World   Julie Kirgo   Kino   Kino Lorber   Kirk Douglas   Lee Marvin   MGM   milestone films   Nick Redman   Orson Welles   Oscilloscope Laboratories   Robert Mitchum   Second Run   Stanley Kramer   Star Wars   Twilight Time   United Artists   Universal Pictures   Warner Bros.   Warner Home Video   William K. Everson 
 
 Home 
 Reviews 
 Feature Articles 
 Memories 
 Life-Changing Movies 
 Blogs & Friends 
 Support Cinema Paradise 
 Contributors 
 About Us 
 
 Our Contributors 
 Anthony Balducci 
 Dennis Bartok 
 Steve Bingen 
 Stephen Bowie 
 Dwayne Epstein 
 Glenn Erickson 
 Stuart Galbraith IV 
 Michael Jeck 
 Doug Krentzlin 
 Scott T. Rivers 
 Dusty Somers 
 Gary Teetzel 
 Sylvia Townsend 
 Peter Winkler 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Blu-ray Review: 'The GoodTimesKid' and 'Momma's Man,' two early films from Azazel Jacobs 
 Blu-ray Review: Martin Scorsese's World Cinema Project No. 3, from the Criterion Collection 
 Blu-ray Review: Pedro Costa reaches new heights with 'Vitalina Varela,' out now from Second Run 
 Blu-ray Review: Jean Renoir's sublime 'Toni,' from the Criterion Collection 
 Hitchcock and Grant: Darkness Behind the Charm 
 
 Follow World Cinema Paradise 
   
 
 © 2013-2014 World Cinema Paradise. All rights reserved. 
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used except with the prior written permission of World Cinema Paradise. 
All logos, images, names and trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners. 
 Legal Info  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  Login 
 
