We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Java Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 JavaWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 TrueLayer 
 ](/companies/truelayer) 
 
 50-249 
 
 At TrueLayer, we're making finance work smarter for everyone by enabling secure, global access to the financial system through Open Banking. Headquartered in London with offices in Milan and Hong Kong, we've raised $47m to date and are trusted by some of the biggest names in Fintech. Our people are what makes us great - at TrueLayer, you will work alongside some of the brightest minds in fintech and contribute to projects that have global impact. As we enter hyper-growth and expand our open banking platform across Europe and Asia, we're looking for talented individuals who share our core principles to join us. Our long term vision is to power the next era of financial innovation, and our short term mission is to grow the Open Banking economy. And, we’re just getting started 
 Technology Series C flexible working startup .NET AWS CI/CD Cloud Team Lunches Pension  
 All Jobs from TrueLayer 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Java jobs Play jobs Kafka jobs Akka jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Java articles Akka articles Kafka articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
