Spork Fight, fighting like a girl 
 My journey with Endometriosis - one damn spork fight at a time. 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Educate Yourself! 
 Meet the Fighter…. 
 
   
 Tag Archives: new job 
 Be Careful What You Wish For… 
 Posted on  November 2, 2011  |  1 comment 
 So yes, it has been a bit since I have added something new and sporkfight has become a wee bit neglected… 
 I have be so busy with my new job! Honestly, I went in hoping for just a part time job… something to make a bit of money to help with bills so I would not feel guilty about working, I really, really wanted to work at one of my favorite stores. 
 I went into the interview with fingers crossed and hoping I could get one of the part time seasonal postions and knock their socks off to keep it into the new year. Here it comes - 
 Be careful what you wish for. Not only did I get a part time job, but becasue of all my "experience" I also am now a "Part Time Asst. Manager". Ok, not too bad, right? Still part time - give my body time to rest. Still have time to clean and make dinner and see my husband. In theory - this job is great. In theory. 
 Just one little thing - Holiday Season. The two little words that strike fear into the hearts of mall workers everywhere! And now my part tine job has been scheduled for 38 hours this week. On my feet, bending, leaning, kneeling, lifting. WOW! I am tired. So far I am making it - but there a little warning signs: 
 
 Pain in the morning 
 Pain when stepping on my left foot 
 The electrical shock on my inner thigh (neuropathy) 
 And of course, the internal stabbing (endo) 
 
 I am making it - barely. I have already mentioned it to my boss - but hopefully once we have the store all set for the holidays my hours can be cut back a bit. I would hate to lose something I am so excited to have. So now I am crossing my fingers to get less hours - we shall see. Happy to have a job. Happy to be doing it well. Hoping to keep my body from attacking me. Be careful what you wish for. 
 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Endo ,  Family & Furry Kids 
 Tagged  Chronic pain ,  endo ,  endometriosis ,  neuropathy ,  new job 
 
 
 Recently…. 
 
 Bad, Bad Blogger (part 1) 
 My Get Up and Go 
 2 Guns, Wicker Man & Small Victories 
 Road Trip! 
 Be Careful What You Wish For… 
 Short and Sweet 
 Hotflashes + Pain = Grumpy 
 Inflammatory Post! 
 Morning Joe 
 Just Have To… 
 
 
 
 Endo Info 
 
 Endo Online 
 Endometriosis Foundation of America 
 Hyster Sisters 
 
 
 
 For Your Viewing Pleasure 
 
 Fine Art for Life 
 Fueled by Diet Coke 
 The Tribal Legacy Project 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Endo Family & Furry Kids Fighting the Blues Food Self Image Surgery, Hysterectomy & Procedures Three for Thursdays Uncategorized What They DON'T Tell you 
 
 
 Tweet Time 
 
 Want some awesome new nails for holiday parties? Special buy3get1 FREE   susanconley.jamberrynails.net/party/?uid=086…   http://t.co/aIJH9HAtQx   7 years ago 
 Awake in pain, I remember this routine. Started PT 2 wks ago & start acupuncture Tues. Desperate to find relief from  #Endometriosis   7 years ago 
 Follow @susancon 
 
 
 
 In the not so distant past 
 
 
 In the not so distant past Select Month November 2012  (1) February 2012  (2) January 2012  (1) November 2011  (1) October 2011  (7) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (18) 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Want more? 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 78 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
