Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Selling Isn't Just for Sales People 
 Erin Everhart    9th April    Career   4 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Selling%20Isn%27t%20Just%20for%20Sales%20People%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fselling%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When I first joined my company two years ago, I had no experience in the field. I was a traditional journalist and book editor moving into web marketing. Now, I’m the director of the department. And I credit getting there by knowing how to exercise selling and be a good sales person. 
 Everything we do throughout our career involves selling. In this case, it’s not about selling a product or a service; it’s about selling yourself to get hired, to be promoted, or even to get that raise. 
 Today, companies aren’t looking for the most experienced candidate or the one with the perfect skill sets. They’re looking for the candidate that fit best with their culture, the candidate who’s confident, is prepared, and asks good questions to truly understand what the company needs. 
 And that’s the foundation to any great sales process, regardless of what it is you plan to sell. 
 “If you ever want to get a job, get promoted or even get a raise, you have to know how to sell,” said  Greta Schulz , founder and CEO of Schulz Sales Consulting. “No one is ever going to remember your achievements, nor will they often volunteer a raise or promotion, without you asking for it and selling them on it.” 
 Know how you’ll be a good fit 
 A good sales person won’t go into any prospect meeting without knowing the company, the decision maker, what they need, and how their product or service is going to help. The same goes for your career. You should never go into any situation without knowing first what the position entails, what the company needs, and how, not why, you’re the best fit. 
 Knowing the company’s culture is critical if you’re going to be show that you’ll be a good fit. Late last year, Bullhorn released a study on  Workplace DNA  that analyzed the factors that people think about when viewing culture. When you determine the culture, show that you’re capable of working in that culture with each and every question that you answer. 
 When preparing for this, consider these questions that you may get asked and know how to answer to them: 
 
 What are the company’s core values? 
 How will you further their mission statement? 
 How will your character be vital to the company’s performance? 
 
 Don’t just talk about yourself 
 It’s not enough to give your 30 second elevator speech on how you’re a self-starter, a hard worker, and extremely dedicated to the job. Your competition will be saying the exact same thing, and companies have heard it all before. 
 Your ideas are what people haven’t heard before. Whether you’re trying to get your foot in the door,  asking for a raise  or  vying for that big promotion , come prepared with two ideas that you would implement. Show how these ideas would benefit the company. 
 Don’t forget your case studies 
 Sales people thrive on case studies to help support the claims they’ve made about their product or service. They give prospective clients a glimpse into how their business could improve with whatever it is they’re selling. 
 You should do the exact same thing. Since you’ve done the due diligence to know the company, relate how things you’ve done in the past are similar to what you could or will be doing. These could be things you’ve done in college, at internships, previous jobs or even within the same company if you’re moving positions. 
 Never think you’re under qualified 
 Sales people are known to take chances. They don’t pass up an opportunity because it’s something they’ve never done before. They figure out how to they can parlay their existing skill set into the new venture. 
 When I was graduating college, I applied for a lot of jobs. I was 21 years old, about to be off my parents’ payroll, and was desperate to do anything for anyone. If it even remotely fit my qualifications, you can better believe they got an application from me. The worst thing that could happen is they say no — or just never email back in the first place. Which they did. 
 Of course, there’s a catch here: You can’t apply to be an organic chemist if you never got past Math for Liberal Arts and Science Majors in college, but you’re likely not interested in that anyway. 
 The point is to not sell yourself short. Yes, experience in the field that you plan to go into is critical, but being a smart person is even more imperative. Every company has their way of doing things, and they will train you on how to do those things. 
 What are some other things you can do to show that you’re the right person for the job, promotion or raise? 
 Photo by renjith krishnan . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 sales people ,  sales person 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 getting a job (3) 
 
 
 Sales people (1) 
 
 
 Selling (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Erin Everhart  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Erin Everhart is the director of web and social media marketing at 352 Media Group, a  digital marketing and web development  company. They specialize in custom web design, web and mobile applications, and digital marketing, serving clients nationwide with offices in  Atlanta  and  Tampa . Originally from Atlanta but born and bred a University of Florida Gator, Erin is avid tennis player, music nerd, travel junkie and one of the few people who actually likes grammar. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Define Your Dream Job  
  _ _     3 Great Job Interview Articles  
  _ _     8 Tips for Closing Gaps in Your Resume  
 
 Discussion 
 
 4 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Alex Coady  on the 9th April 
 
 Reply   
 A great, positive article that I'll keep in mind over the next few months upon leaving University. Thanks! 
 
 Kiki Spiwak  on the 10th April 
 
 Reply   
 Always remember to take one solid deep breath before talking to them, entering the office, taking that video chat. It gives you that last minute mind-clearing you'll need to overcome any nervousness, sweats, and keep you focused with your game face on. 
 
 SUN,JUI-FU  on the 22nd April 
 
 Reply   
 I am a person who confirmed that in the shopping center close to the syndicate is heavy; because most of the companies seek scriptures go team, rather than people. So it is not how to do anything whatsoever, the British Yiu Want to to go team of view into consideration whether or not any to do with amalgamation group rebelled against the discipline of the Board of Directors, or else it is a group of people get hurt in the computer and the Web staff. 
 
 andrew singer  on the 6th January 
 
 Reply   
 This is sort of tongue in cheek but kissing a little ass seems to be one of the biggest contributing factors to promotions and favor. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
