Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Librarian (Content Curator) 
 Posted on  June 17, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 6.16.17 -  Librarian (Content Curator) 
Department of Public Information, United Nations, New York, USA 
 Sarah P 's comments : I discuss UN opportunities in my  book  and also include these links on my  Resources  page: 
 United Nations Libraries  
 UN Competitive Exam 
 Marcus' World: UN Librarian Exam  (Blog entry) 
 P4Job Code Title: LIBRARIAN 
Department/Office: Department of Public Information 
Duty Station: NEW YORK 
Posting Period:14 June 2017 -  28 July 2017 
Job Opening Number:17-Documentation and Information -DPI-78799-R-New York 
 Special Notice 
 
 
 Staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and to assignment by him or her. In this context, all staff are expected to move periodically to new functions in their careers in accordance with established rules and procedures. 
 
 
 The United Nations Secretariat is committed to achieving 50/50 gender balance in its staff. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position. 
 
 
 For this position, applicants from the following Member States, which are unrepresented or underrepresented in the UN Secretariat as of 31 March 2017, are strongly encouraged to apply: Afghanistan, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Bahrain, Belarus, Belize, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Cabo Verde, Cambodia, Central African Republic, Chad, China, Comoros, Cyprus, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Dominica, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Grenada, Guinea-Bissau, Honduras, Indonesia, Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Japan, Kiribati, Kuwait, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Monaco, Mozambique, Nauru, Norway, Oman, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Poland, Qatar, Russian Federation, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Seychelles, Solomon Islands, South Sudan, Suriname, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Timor-Leste, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, United Arab Emirates, United States of America, Vanuatu, Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela and Vietnam. 
 
 
 Org. Setting and Reporting 
 This position is located in the United Nations Dag Hammarskjöld Library, Outreach Division, Department of Public Information (DPI). The Dag Hammarskjold Library’s primary function is to enable the delegations, Secretariat and other official groups of the Organization to obtain, with the greatest possible speed, convenience and economy, the information and documentation needed in the execution of their duties. This post reports to the Chief Librarian and performs tasks cutting across the five library Units. 
 Responsibilities 
 Within delegated authority from the Chief of the United Nations Dag Hammarskjöld Library (DHL), the Librarian (Content Curator) will be responsible for the following duties: 
• Takes the lead and/ or contributes the formulation of overall policies, procedures, objectives and guidelines affecting the development and maintenance of the Library collection(s) both in-print and online. 
• Participates in discussions on the information needs of the Organization and its information clientele and makes recommendations concerning collection development, organizes the acquisition and exchange materials 
• Supervises the operation of the consortium of UN entities (UNSEIAC) in the subscription of electronic resources, working with relevant UN Secretariat offices in the negotiation of prices and licenses. Evaluates the performance of vendors and exchange partners and negotiates charges where necessary. 
• Formulates and implements projects and provides advice and assistance in setting up, expanding and/or reorganizing libraries or information resource centers. 
• Implements new technologies in information management to ensure library staff and other staff throughout the Organization have modern tools for efficient access to information. 
• Promotes and develops internal and external bibliographic and other databases as well as additional files to ensure consistency and accuracy. 
• Advises other units and departments seeking expertise in information architecture, digital curation, preservation and content organisation using in-depth understanding of institutional intranet, modern information management technologies and knowledge management activities. 
• Routinely performs high level research and analyses, applying extensive experience in the integration of information from a wide variety of sources, necessitating not only significant understanding of the Organization’s mandate, but also the ability to assess the relevance of external information to the Organization’s work. 
• Develops and coordinates reference and training services and tools to ensure adequate services and to maximize the utilization of collections; participates in the planning and organizing of training for headquarters and mission staff and visitors with respect to utilization of library services. 
• Evaluates applications and cost-effectiveness of services in relation to technology options, and prepares metrics, data and recommendations for decision-making; creates a link between libraries and related information networks. 
• Provides technical expertise and project management support in the creation and maintenance of digital collections on various platforms, including the United Nations Digital Library; develops, implements and monitors the digital preservation strategy for the Dag Hammarskjold Library 
• Guides, trains and supervises general service and professional staff in the function. 
• Performs other duties as assigned 
 Competencies 
 • PROFESSIONALISM: Knowledge of library operations and digital collections management. Knowledge and understanding of technologies relevant to library & digital information services. Experience in managing projects and procurement exercises. Shows pride in work and in achievements. Demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter. Is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results. Is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns. Shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges. Remains calm in stressful situations. Takes responsibility for incorporating gender perspectives and ensuring the equal participation of women and men in all areas of work. 
 • ACCOUNTABILITY: Takes ownership of all responsibilities and honours commitments; delivers outputs for which one has responsibility within prescribed time, cost and quality standards; operates in compliance with organizational regulations and rules; supports subordinates, provides oversight and takes responsibility for delegated assignments; takes personal responsibility for his/her own shortcomings and those of the work unit, where applicable. 
 • CLIENT ORIENTATION: Considers all those to whom services are provided to be 'clients' and seeks to see things from clients' point of view. Establishes and maintains productive partnerships with clients by gaining their trust and respect. Identifies clients' needs and matches them to appropriate solutions. Monitors ongoing developments inside and outside the clients' environment to keep informed and anticipate problems. Keeps clients informed of progress or setbacks in projects. Meets timeline for delivery of products or services to client. 
 Education 
 Advanced university degree (Master’s degree or equivalent degree) in library science, information science or related field. A first-level university degree in combination with qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree. 
 Work Experience 
 A minimum of seven years of progressively responsible experience in library work, information network administration or related area is required. Experience in project management is desirable. Experience in digital curation and preservation is desirable. 
 Languages 
 English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For the position advertised, fluency in English is required. Knowledge of French is desirable. Knowledge of another UN official language is an advantage. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  New York ,  North America ,  United Nations ,  United Nations Libraries ,  USA  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
