Workplace Democracy 
 The Source for News, Analysis, and Opinion about Workplace Democracy and the Future of Management 
 
 About 
 
 Apple falters because of Steve Jobs top-down management style 
 Posted:  July 22, 2010 |  Author:   workplacedemocracy  |  Filed under:   Democratic Companies ,  workplace democracy  |  Tags:   Steve Jobs Apple iPhone 4 antenna reception problems  |  Leave a comment 
 Apple Inc.  has been receiving a lot of negative publicity about the iPhone 4's antenna reception problems following the device's launch on June 24. 
 In a surprising development, the Wall Street Journal  reported  that "Apple engineers were aware of the risks associated with the new antenna design as early as a year ago, but Chief Executive Steve Jobs liked the design so much that Apple went ahead with its development, said another person familiar with the matter." 
 Steve Jobs has been described as a  cruel and manipulative  manager who, as Forbes  reported , "periodically reduces subordinates to tears, and fires employees in angry tantrums," and Apple is known for its top-down, hierarchical structure. 
 It's hard to imagine problems like this, which were previously known within the organization but not solved because employees feared or were intimidated by the CEO, occurring at decentralized, democratically-run companies. 
 
 Search for: 
 Like us! 
 
 Like us! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter! 
 
 This CEO only keeps his job if his employees say he should...   fb.me/7SNhsJcZH   4 years ago 
 Inside America's Largest Worker-Run Business   fb.me/4J7qcOKqH   5 years ago 
 The $7 Million Company With No Managers   fb.me/6M42W3A0Y   5 years ago 
 Freedom pays: how WorldBlu organisations are winning through freedom   fb.me/7eZlaw1o7   5 years ago 
 Ricardo Semler: What Happens When You Run a Company With (Almost) No Rules?   fb.me/46PhoDApo   5 years ago 
 
 Follow @workdemocracy 
 Top Posts 
 
 51 organizations certified as 'Democratic Workplaces' 
 Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer bans telecommuting  
 2012 International Summit of Cooperatives in Quebec City 
 The Equal Dignity Organization 
 Tom Sutcliffe on pro-democracy uprisings in the workplace 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.  Mid Mo Design. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
