
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 The Flex Company (S16) 
 Modern period care. 
 PPC / Google Ads Manager 
 
 Location 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About The Flex Company 
 We have a beautiful, sunny office in Venice, California. We are dog-friendly. We offer above market salary and top tier health benefits (medical, dental vision), and cover 90% for employees and 85% for dependents. 
 Our Shared Values: 
 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview) 
 
 About the role 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative and sustainable period products. Our mission is to create industry-defining products and services that set a new global standard for period health. Four years ago we launched the most innovative period product since the tampon: the menstrual disc. It had been nearly 80 years since the tampon was introduced, and our new product was quickly embraced by consumers everywhere. Flex started as a digitally native brand with one product, and quickly grew to a family of period products sold online and in top national retailers such as Target, CVS, and Walgreens. 
 The Flex Disc™and Flex Cup™ generate 60% less waste than tampons and pads and can be worn for up to 12 hours, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 We are looking for a PPC digital marketer with a creative mind and attention to details to join our performance marketing team. You will own and manage all aspects of PPC/SEM/Paid Search/Google Ads/YouTube, utilizing strategic sales funnels. You are highly experienced in CRO & conversion tracking, with a proven track record of managing PPC budgets over $300k/month. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Manage PPC, SEM, Display, YouTube, dynamic re-targeting, and other paid digital marketing efforts. Develop PPC strategy, leverage ppc across platforms and integrate paid media into multi-channel marketing strategy. 
 Manage the creation of large keyword lists. Maintain and monitor keyword bids, daily and monthly budget caps, CPA, impression share, quality score and other KPIs. 
 Measure, analyze and optimize all campaigns on a daily basis to meet spend, revenue and CAC goals. 
 Review SEM data for keyword insights and trends. Provide recommendations and execute strategies for keyword opportunities, campaign structuring, targeting, bidding strategy, funnel optimization, and other aspects of paid search. 
 Conduct keyword, trend, and audience research. 
 Monitor and administer web analytics dashboards, reports and key reporting tools, and point out key learnings. 
 Evaluate and recommend new online marketing opportunities and technologies. 
 Work with the creative team on copy and content development. 
 Keep pace with search engine, PPC and YouTube industry trends and developments. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 3+ years of Google Ads in-platform execution experience (search, shopping, display, video and discovery campaigns) with budgets over $300k/mo in spend. 
 Experience with Google Merchant Center managing Shopping feed testing. 
 Google Ads & Analytics Certified and working knowledge of Bing platform. 
 Experience building feeds, ad customizers & setting up conversion tracking. 
 Experience with Google Tag Manager & Google Analytics setups. 
 Understanding of Profit Driven, Performance Marketing & Metrics. 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills both verbal and written. 
 High level of accuracy and attention to detail. 
 
 In 1 month you will: 
 
 Build relationships with your team and cross-functionally. 
 Develop a deep understanding of our omnichannel business. 
 Perform and audit on our current Google Ads campaigns and identify opportunities to optimize and grow spend. 
 
 In 3 months you will: 
 
 Bring paid search, shopping and display media buying in-house. 
 Manage all campaigns in Google Ads and Bing. 
 Manage marketing dashboards, ad-hoc analysis, budgeting and forecasting for paid search, shopping, display and YouTube. 
 
 In 6 months you will: 
 
 Identify a roadmap of continued scaling of PPC efforts. 
 Develop plans to optimize PPC marketing funnels. 
 Develop and implement a strategic testing plan. 
 
 Our shared values: 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday. 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview!). 
 About The Flex Company 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative, sustainable, life-changing period products. After years of disappointment and discomfort trying dozens of products, Lauren Schulte Wang founded Flex to create body-safe, medical grade alternatives that outperform traditional period products. The Flex Disc and Flex Cup generate 60% less waste and have the capacity of up to three super tampons, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 Flex is sold at over 25,000 stores across the US and is the #1 alternative period product brand based on units sold. Committed to making its life-changing products accessible to as many people possible, Flex is available at Target, CVS, and Walgreens, and at flexfits.com. 
 The Flex Company is committed to creating an inclusive employee experience for all. Regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability, we firmly believe that our work is at its best when everyone feels free to be themselves. 
 We pay competitive salaries, equity, & benefits including (but not limited to) medical, dental and vision health insurance, paid parental leave, cell phone reimbursement, and $1,000 annual learning credit to apply to anything that helps you grow professionally. 
 Technology 
 Our website is built on Shopify and use Recharge for our subscription payments; we use BrightPearl OMS for our backend 
 Other jobs at The Flex Company 
 Creative Director 
 fulltime 
 Venice, Los Angeles, CA 
 Brand/Graphic Design 
 11+ years 
 PPC / Google Ads Manager 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 Accountant 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 VP of Products & Supply Chain 
 fulltime 
 Los Angele, CA 
 6+ years 
 Supply Chain Manager, Fulfillment  
 fulltime 
 California, United States 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
