Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Why You Must Choose Your Career as if Your Life Depended on It 
 Allen Carlwood    22nd February    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Why%20You%20Must%20Choose%20Your%20Career%20as%20if%20Your%20Life%20Depended%20on%20It%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fwhy-you-must-choose-your-career-as-if-your-life-depended-on-it%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Deciding on your career can be one of the most important decisions that you make in your life. It's one of those pivotal decisions that can make all the difference in the world to you, your family, and even society as a whole. It's up there with major life decisions, like deciding where you want to live and whom to marry. 
 Lamentably, many people don't even get to the point where they consciously decide on a career. Instead, they stumble from one job to another, learning a considerable number of skills but never mastering anything in particular. 
 While you are always free to change careers, it is not easy to do. Since it often requires such a huge commitment to build a career, changing to a new one is unsimple. In fact, it's rather like getting an ocean liner to change direction. It can be done, but it's often a slow, prolonged process. 
 Consequently, the sooner you find a career path that works for you, the more likely you are to have a more secure and joyful life. This career path can be anything from being a fashion merchandiser to a being a writer to being a surgeon. 
 Let's use these three examples to get a better idea of some of the things you should be thinking about when you choosing a (possibly new)career. 
 A Career in Fashion Merchandising 
 What is fashion merchandising ? When people think of a career in fashion, they often think in terms of design. While that's a vital part of the fashion industry, there are many other equally important paths you could take. Fashion merchandising involves promoting the sale of fashionable clothes and incorporates almost every aspect of business necessary to get the artistic work of designers to consumers. It might involve playing a role in the supply chain, like organizing manufacturing and distributing apparel. You might develop marketing campaigns, or direct a retail sales strategy. You might be in charge of creating enticing product displays in a retail environment. Since it's a rather broad discipline, it's crucial to find the right school. In addition, you should get plenty of real-world working experience, like participating in an apprenticeship program. 
 A Career As A Writer 
 There is no particular path to becoming a professional writer. While you can go to school for journalism or get a Masters of Fine Arts degree, these don't automatically qualify you to become a journalist or a novelist. 
 Many acclaimed authors throughout history  learned how to write well  by simply stumbling through the rules of grammar and spelling until they developed fluency with the written word. Even then, they still needed good editors to help them polish their words and even rethink their best writings. It's hard to imagine the works of Ernest Hemingway or Scott F Fitzgerald or Thomas Wolfe without the invaluable guidance of William Maxwell Evarts (who was better known as Max Perkins), the famous book editor at Scribers. He was something of a genius when it came to recognizing artistic talent and encouraging it. 
 Since writing is a skill rather than a profession, you can start anywhere. What really matters is the passion. Writing well is all about getting plenty of (formal and informal) education and consistent practice. 
 A Career as A Surgeon 
 Establishing a career as a surgeon is almost exactly the opposite of building a career as a writer. Surgeons need plenty of structure throughout their careers. It starts with four years of undergraduate schooling, then four years of medical school, then as many as ten years of residency and fellowship. Even when you're working as a surgeon, you will need to maintain your license and stay well-informed about the latest advances in medicine. 
 What can we learn from these widely different career tracks? They all involve three things:  doing work that you love , a commitment to education, and plenty of work experience. Without these three qualities or disciplines, it's impossible to achieve excellence. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Keep Up with the Daily Grind  
  _ _     The Benefits of Working With Inspired People  
  _ _     8 Ways to Make the Most of a Conference  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
