Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Analyst 
 ADGA Group 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 **We thank all applicants for their interest, however given the role requirements, we will only be contacting candidates currently in Canada & possessing valid security clearance at this time. ** 
 B * ackground* 
 Our federal client requires the services of a Business Analyst Level 3 to work on a selection of initiatives. 
 2.0 Tasks 
 2.1 The contractor resource will work with federal client's representatives eliciting and analyzing and documenting business requirements for the Risk Management System. 
 2.2 The contractor resource will work with federal client's representatives eliciting and analyzing requirements and creation of templates for High Level Requirements for project development. 
 2.3 The contractor resource will work with federal client's representatives eliciting and analyzing and documenting business requirements for the existing solutions that are being reviewed by the Application Modernization activities. 
 3.0 Deliverables 
 3.1 Fully documented and completed Risk Management System requirements. 
 3.2 Fully documented and completed business requirements for new development projects as per project timelines. 
 3.3 Fully documented and completed business requirements including BOP, Project Charter, Business Case, Project Plan, Communication Plan, Training Plan, Escalation Routine. 
 3.4 Electronic progress report due to the Project Authority each week. This report will outline the accomplishments for the given period, barriers to progress and confirmation of upcoming milestones on a weekly basis. 
 3.5 Monthly time sheet due the last working day of each month. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Must have experience as a Business Analyst gathering requirements, modelling and implementing use cases in a UML modelling tool for a minimum of 2 web application development project for Federal government departments/agencies/ organizations/Crown Corporations. 
 Must have a minimum of 8 years of experience as a Business Analyst using an iterative development process and Unified Modelling Language (UML) tools (such as Sparx Enterprise Architect). 
 Must have a minimum of 10 years as a Business Analyst evaluating existing procedures and methods and identifying and documenting decision flows 
 Must have a minimum of 3 years of experience as a Business Analyst using Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) to develop business process models of current business practices. 
 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-01 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Salary: $48,749.00-$122,233.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 business analysis: 10 years (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ottawa, ON (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Security clearance (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
