WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allAudiojobs 
 Senior Sound Designer 
 Glowmade Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 11, 2020 
 Full Time 
 United Kingdom 
 Remote 
 Hello, we’re Glowmade! We’re a small, exciting company and the goal of our games is to unlock people's imagination and help them express themselves in wonderful, fun ways. Right now we’re busy building a new multiplayer cooperative game with an ambitious creative wrapper around it. We can’t say too much, but if you can imagine Jim Henson’s Labyrinth mashed up with Wrestlemania, then you’ll be on the right track! 
 We’ve got big hearts and big ideas, and this is an opportunity to play a pivotal role in our growing team. Reporting to Jim Unwin (Project Lead) you’ll be working closely with him to define and implement the way our game audio. 
 ‍ 
 From day one we would like you to... 
 
 Work with our team in order to create and implement high quality game audio. 
 Get involved in discussion around the broader direction for the game. 
 Get to know Glowmade’s internal creative tools, as well as bringing your own best practice and software recommendations. 
 
 ‍ 
 In six months you will be... 
 
 The owner of our in-game audio. 
 Organising foley recording and implementation. 
 Organising voice-over recording and implementation, including working with agents to source and manage talent. 
 A key member in defining the game’s overall vision. 
 A central, supportive member of our small team. 
 
 ‍ 
 The ideal candidate would… 
 
 Have created audio for several published games. 
 Have experience with, and a good understanding of, Wwise 
 Be able to demonstrate taking work from recording studio to shipped game. 
 Have experience working with remote teams 
 But we are flexible for the right candidate! 
 
 A Few More Bits: 
 This is an opportunity for you to make a significant contribution not only to the game but to our team and the company. Everyone at Glowmade has a voice, and it’s important to us that you feel empowered and are given the time and space to use it. 
 We’re based in Guildford, UK but offer flexible remote working options. We offer competitive wages and we are an actively equal opportunities employer. If all of the above sounds exciting and you think you can fill this pivotal role, please get in touch. No agencies please! 
 ‍ 
 Did you see our amazing first game? 
 Well, take a look at  WonderWorlds ! It's only our first ever game! But, is it really just a game? Or is it soon to become the foundation for an entirely new culture based on creativity, community, and storytelling? Ok, it is only a game, but it has all the above and more! Available now on iOS and coming soon to other platforms. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About the Team: 
 We're a bunch of friends who are super passionate about making things we love. Glowmade was started in 2015 by Jonny, Adam and Mike. Back then we didn't really know what we were going to end up making, but we knew we wanted it to be something creative and joyful. Something that makes us feel good, and hopefully you too. 
 Glowmade is a compact team, but we've got big hearts and big ideas, and right now we’re working on an unbelievably exciting, new, you-won’t-believe-your-eyes console game. 
 How to Apply: 
 For questions or to apply directly, get in touch:  jobs@glowmade.com 
 All applicants should provide examples of their work via a website, blog, email, or online album to be considered for this position. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Fields of Mistria is hiring a Sound Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSound DesignerFields of Mistria | AnywhereLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Audio Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKAudio DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Audio Directorto join their team into work fromWestminster, COAudio DirectorDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Glowmade is hiring a Senior Sound Designerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSenior Sound DesignerGlowmade | United KingdomLearn More 
 Hexany Audio is hiring a Senior Sound Designerto join their team into work fromBell Gardens, CASenior Sound DesignerHexany Audio | Bell Gardens, CALearn More 
 Hexany Audio is hiring a Associate Sound Designerto join their team into work fromBell Gardens, CAAssociate Sound DesignerHexany Audio | Bell Gardens, CALearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
