Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacist - Lewisporte / Central 
 Lawtons Drugs 
 __Lewisporte, NL 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  116447 
 Career Group:  Pharmacy Careers 
 Job Category:  National Pharmacy 
 Travel Requirements: 
 Part Time or Full Time:  Full Time 
 Country:  Canada (CA) 
 Province:  Newfoundland and Labrador (CA-NL) 
 City:  Lewisporte 
 Location:  0125 Lewisporte Lawtons 
 Postal Code: 
Our family of 127,000 employees and franchise affiliates share a collective passion for delivering exceptional shopping experiences and amazing food to all our customers. Our mission is to nurture the things that make life better – great experiences, families, communities, and our employees. We are a family nurturing families. 
 A proudly Canadian company, we started in a small town in Nova Scotia but we are now in communities of all sizes across this great country. With over 1500 stores in all 10 provinces, you may know us as Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland, FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, Lawton’s Drug Stores or another of our great banners but we are all one extended family. 
 All career opportunities will be open a minimum of 5 business days from the date of posting. 
 Overview 
 We currently have a full-time permanent Pharmacist opportunity based in Lewisporte / Central. You will initially fulfill an Interim Staff Pharmacist position at Lawtons 125 - Lewisporte (6 Month Term) and then be placed in another full-time role. This could be a Provincial Relief Pharmacist based in Central or another comparable Pharmacist opportunity in a similar geographic area. 
 The Pharmacist is responsible for providing pharmacy services to customers and medical practitioners. The Pharmacist will play a key role in achieving departmental excellence in the areas of patient focused care, customer service, workflow efficiencies, and PROfile programs. The Pharmacist will also provide guidance and supervision to Pharmacy students and Pharmacy Assistants and will ensure that all patients are offered and receive professional clinical services. Actively contributes to an environment of employee and customer engagement. 
 Job Description 
 Patient Focused Care 
 Focus is on clinical services (i.e; disease state mgmt., medication reviews, health risk assessments) 
Prescription safety prioritizing technical functions to Pharmacy Assistants when available. 
Initiate care plans, follow up, and document 
Collect relevant patient, drug and disease information 
Identification of actual and potential drug related problems 
Monitor medication adherence 
Provide patient counselling for new therapy and determine patients understanding as to why they are taking the medication. 
Tailor counselling to the needs and concerns of the patient i.e. literacy, hearing loss, privacy, etc. 
 Customer Service 
 Exceeds customer expectations through ROLES efficiencies 
Acknowledge customers promptly and professionally 
Demonstrate warmth, empathy, and compassion towards the customer 
Provide superior customer service to every customer 
 PROfile Programs 
 Responsible for understanding all PROfile offerings and providing each customer with the program that meets their health needs including but not limited to: 
Pill Pack Plus 
Diabetes Care in Action 
Autofill Plus 
Health Inform 
Kids Club 
Flavorx 
Clinics 
 Other 
 Adhere to and implement all applicable company standards 
Other duties as required 
Job Requirements 
 Technical Skills: 
Above average communication skills (both oral and written) 
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail 
Self-directed and able to work independently to meet strict deadlines 
Ability to be a team player in a fast paced environment 
 Education and Experience: 
Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from a recognized institution. 
Must be a Licensed Pharmacist in the province of responsibility 
Injection Certification 
Previous experience in a retail and/or retail pharmacy setting preferred 
 Sobeys is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process and will work with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of this process. 
 While all responses are appreciated only those being considered for interviews will be acknowledged. 
 We appreciate the interest from the Staffing industry however respectfully request no calls or unsolicited resumes from Agencies. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
