Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 MP Science 
 MP Entertainment 
 MP Social 
 MP Health 
 
 themillennialperspective 
 Addressing stories with a Millennial Perspective 
 Tag: Jobs 
 My thoughts on Hurricane Sandy 
 Posted on  November 2, 2012March 2, 2017  by  themillennialperspective 
 My thoughts on Hurricane Sandy: 
 Well, first of all I would like to say RIP to the deceased, and for those people out there that lost homes, lost jobs, etc. because of it, I hope all the best to you. 
 But honestly, it we knew this was going to happen. Many scientists have been saying, even Al Gore, a previous vice president said that this would happen in his movie: An Inconvenient Truth. There were specials on CNN more frequently as time went on about the possibilities of hurricanes. So the people who are surprised by this really didn’t have their eyes open much. It’s kind of like the British Columbia “Big One” earthquake that we have been expecting all my life, and anyone who knows anything about Geology knows that it will happen in my life time for sure, yet so many people just blow it off like it’s an annoying joke. Stuff like this IS GOING TO HAPPEN, as much as it suck to believe and experience, and it will happen again. Prepare for the worst, and spend money on protecting citizens instead of Wall Street. 
 Global warming is not even worth arguing about anymore. If you don’t see it for yourself, you’re an idiot. Storms like this are happening way more frequently, ice caps are melting, and seasons are getting way more intense respectively. Personally, I suggested avoiding affected areas, but in the event of Sandy, that leaves out way too many states, however, you can avoid places like New Orleans or countries like Haiti if you wish to avoid the stress of dealing with situations like this, and hey, I’ve never experience a hurricane in Beautiful British Columbia, maybe after the “Big One” you could move here. 😉 
 Many people don’t know or understand the Gaia Hypothesis, it is Mother Nature’s way of cleansing itself, no matter what. Perhaps the abundance of deadly storms is Her way of trying to cleanse herself of man. She will one day I believe. Global warming is just a theory as to how. 
 After this sort of thing I ponder how evolution may have devolved some of our senses. Query, what sense is it to continue living in an area that is constantly affected by natural disasters? I believe our ancestors would have sought shelter elsewhere probably after the second natural disaster to hit them, maybe even the first. Yet, people repeatedly just take the abuse from mother nature. Indeed, it is probably a money issue, but ultimately you would still end up saving it if you moved away. You wouldn’t have to constantly rebuild every year. Perhaps it’s emotional attachment. This wouldn’t have even been considered by ancestors, to them, their lives were more important than memories. 
 Right now people are debating whether or not the New York City Marathon should take place, this is a strange notion to me. On one hand I think the people who want to run should be able to run. Why not make a flash group or something and do it anyways even if the mayor calls it off? On the other hand, lots of the city is destroyed, without power, and without basic supplies, so we need to focus on helping those people. But just because they are in turmoil doesn’t mean people should be prohibited to run. Do what you want people, but still focus on helping your fellow man. Personally, if I lived in New York and was unaffected by this, I would still donate money, clothes, whatever others in my city who were less fortunate than I had been needs to get back on track. But the world doesn’t work like that. People are thrown out of their homes, and people are bankrupted for political gain. It’s too bad good people are so few and far between, when stuff like this happens, there’s just enough of them to get by. 
 I wish everyone in New York and other affected areas the best. You're in my thoughts, and prayers. 
 Tagged  Al Gore ,  Awareness ,  BBC ,  British Columbia ,  CBC ,  City ,  CNN ,  Debate ,  Earthquake ,  Essay ,  gaia ,  Global ,  Haiti ,  Hurricane ,  hypothesis ,  Inconvenient Truth ,  Japan ,  Jobs ,  Jogging ,  Katrina ,  Marathon ,  Millennial ,  Mother ,  Nature ,  New Orleans ,  New York ,  Perspective ,  Politics ,  RIP ,  Running ,  Sandy ,  Storm ,  Vancouver ,  Warming 2 Comments 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Re-design 
 Fight, Flight, Freeze Response 
 What is Anxiety? 
 Guardians of the Galaxy Review 
 Belize, the Central America Paradise 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 [Anxiety Blog 3 
 the…](https://themillenialperspective.wordpress.com/2014/01/31/anxiety-blog-3/) on  Thank You, Bell 
 
 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 Web agency  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 fsmail  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 August 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 March 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Anxiety Essay Format Gaming Hip Hop Movies MP Entertainment MP Health MP Social Pep Talk Poems Published Articles Quotes From Clayton S. Cyre Speeches from Clayton Cyre Sports Technology The Budget The World from a Millennial The World That WE created Top 5 Travel Uncategorized World News from a Millennial 
 Info 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 @Claytoncyre 
 
 @ CTVNews  I’m opposed to far right and far left. Let’s not become barbaric here.  7 hours ago 
 When abouts will the Design Lab return @ Xbox   #Xbox  ? 🤔 I have a purchase to make 💁‍♂️  https://t.co/bOAPxROlK2   7 hours ago 
 @ FiteTV  @ RandyOrton  Legend killer  7 hours ago 
 @ CTVNews  He’s a champion in more ways than one.  8 hours ago 
 @ carleyxcarter  Of course 😁 looking forward to more 🙏  8 hours ago 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
