Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Lausanne's Golden Road 
 Art - Design - Color 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: Day Job 
 Writing and Responsibility 
 Posted on  July 29, 2016  by   Lausanne 
 Reply 
 There's a certain martyr's pride we risk when forcing ourselves out of bed in the wee hours to get our writing done. 
 I'm back to the Day Job - the traffic, the hours (the paycheck! old friends! new friends!) Thankfully, this time I have a shorter commute which is allowing me to find a few minutes in the morning to think about writing. So far I've managed to read some research material and scribble a couple of posts on my writing blog. 
 I could get up even earlier but, working six or seven long days every week, less sleep would reduce my ability to help the people who depend on me at the office. They depend on me for training in order to stay in their assignments as long as possible. But, my sense of responsibility goes beyond their urgent questions. My employer depends on me to keep our people in their roles because that's the core of our business. Our client depends on our people to serve their customers well, in support of their brand. Those customers depend on our people to be professional and accurate during their time of need and sometimes great stress. And, my people have others in their lives depending on them to bring home a paycheck. 
 I owe them all seven hours of sleep every night. 
 Posted in  Life ,  Personal ,  Time Management ,  Writing  |  Tagged  Day Job ,  Life ,  Time Management ,  writing  |   Leave a reply 
 What I Did on My Summer Vacay 
 Posted on  September 14, 2014  by   Lausanne 
 Reply 
 
 Front Range Viewed from Greeley, CO 
 Summer is officially over if you consider Memorial Day and Labor Day the boundaries - rather than looking to celestial events. Neither work here in Florida - it feels very much like summer from April through October. 
 As for what I did: two months of Day Job in hot, dry Colorado. Then one month in hot, humid Tidewater, Virginia troubleshooting various challenges for my parents. I have now been back in my own home for three weeks.YAY! The laundry and housework are caught up, the new storage barn's rafter tails are primed (note the evidence of oil primer in my hair) and tomorrow morning I start another round of Day Job. 
 This next assignment is a new role for which I am very thankful. The hours will be brutal, as always. However, I was able to complete a lot of research this summer so I hope to scrounge some minutes before work to convert story ideas in my head to scenes on digital paper. 
 I missed cross-posting a prior blog entry from  Long Ago & Far Away  to here so that will follow. 
 Posted in  Long Ago & Far Away ,  Personal ,  Time Management ,  Writing  |  Tagged  Day Job ,  writing  |   Leave a reply 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A Chance to Love 
 Working From Home 
 Early Bird Efforts 
 Writing and Responsibility 
 In the Meantime - 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 [Running Battles 
 L.…](http://newsite.ldaviscarpenter.com/?p=57) on  Running Battles 
 
 
 
 
 
 Last Year's Mu…  on  In the Meantime - 
 
 
 
 Lausanne  on  A Little Faux of My Own 
 
 
 
 elizabeth ann johnso…  on  A Little Faux of My Own 
 
 
 
 Lausanne  on  Studio 3.0 - Mural … 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 June 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 September 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 December 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 May 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 Architecture 
 Available Work 
 Blogs 
 Books 
 Decorative Painting 
 Fine Art 
 Flash Memoir 
 Goals 
 Historical Fiction 
 Interview 
 L Davis Carpenter 
 Life 
 Long Ago & Far Away 
 Marsh Hawk Studio 
 Marsh Hawk Studio LLC 
 Murals 
 Painting 
 Personal 
 Photography 
 Renovations 
 Time Management 
 Uncategorized 
 Writing 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow Lausanne's Golden Road on WordPress.com 
 Recent Posts: L Davis Carpenter - Writer 
 2019 - Here we are! 
 The Writing Life - Whatever it Takes 
 Time and Regret by M. K. Tod 
 Authentic Language in Historical Fiction 
 Pride of Language in Historical Fiction 
 Recent Posts: Long Ago and Far Away 
 2020 Booker International Prize – Longlist 
 The Ten Thousand Things – By John Spurling 
 Halloween Reading! The Ghost Bride – by Yangsze Choo 
 The Night Tiger by Yangsze Choo 
 Samarkand and The Rock of Tanios by Amin Maalouf 
 Recent Posts: Marsh Hawk Studio LLC 
 Last Year's Mural Project 
 Golden's Just Paint Newsletter 
 Lemon Trees - Mural Process 
 Faux Malachite Process 
 Lemon Trees with Night Sky Mural 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,369 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
