Benefit tales 
 stories from the frontline of benefit changes in the UK. 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Accounts of the effects of UK benefit changes in 2013-2014. 
 Disabled people three times as likely to be sanctioned by the DWP as find a job 
 Disabled workers worth less? 
 I got my letter through, it just pressed a switch, and I attempted to kill myself 
 It's not 'Welfare', its 'Benefits' 
 Leaked jobcentre newsletter urges staff to improve on sanctions targets 
 Psychocompulsion and workfare 
 Thousands of young people forced to go without food after benefits wrongly stopped under 'draconian' new sanctions regime 
 TIME TO TAKE THE WHOLE BENEFITS CLAIM SYSTEM DOWN AND START AGAIN. This is mayhem. Seriously. 
 Universal Credit Fiascos 3 
 
 Category Archives: Job Centre 
 10May2018 
 Linda’s story 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre ,  Sanctions  by  argotina1 
 " Behind the scenes with frontline service users in austerity: excerpts from interviews and covert videos and recordings 
 The post below – Linda’s story – is an excerpt from a story in a collection project  Kate Belgrave  is working on. The project collects covert recordings made from 2014 when she accompanied people to jobcentre meetings, ESA and PIP assessments, and council homelessness meetings. 
 See Linda's story  HERE 
 Learning disability   Leave a comment 
 10Oct2017 
 Video: Learning and literacy difficulties and need to drop a sick note to the jobcentre? Too bad. You’re banned. Get out 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 from  Kate Belgrave's blog : 
 Here’s one you should see: a recent* video which shows a woman with learning and literacy difficulties being told to Get Out of Kilburn jobcentre – even though she needed to drop off an all-important sick note at the jobcentre. 
 I post this to show you how unpleasant things can be at these places for long-term unemployed people who have support needs. People in these situations really are at the bottom of the pile. They have no power and absolutely no means of challenging the DWP. 
 I hate that. 
 The woman, Linda (name changed.  I’ve written about her many times ) is in her 50s. The day I took the video, Linda, as I say, needed the jobcentre to accept a sick note she had from her doctor. She risked sanctions if the jobcentre did not accept the note. 
 Nonetheless, the jobcentre adviser we saw refused to take the sick note. 
 Read more, and see the video here:  http://www.katebelgrave.com/2017/10/video-learning-and-literacy-difficulties-and-need-to-drop-a-sick-note-to-the-jobcentre-too-bad-youre-banned-get-out/ 
 Learning disability   2 Comments 
 3Aug2017 
 More suffering at Ashton Under Lyne Jobcentre 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Homeless ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 
 
 I’m not going to bother you with talking about the weather, I’ve said it in today’s blog title. It was raining AGAIN. Will we ever get a break, and have some good weather for once? My heart went out to Richard, a homeless chap who I buy a cuppa for most mornings and chat to. […] 
 
 via  A hard morning. A man crying, rain pouring. It’s supposed to be August. — The poor side of life 
 Leave a comment 
 13Jul2017 
 Today's demo. Food parcels taken immediately, anger, frustration and a visit from a French film maker.  
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 The poor side of life 
 To say that today’s demo was busy is an understatement. It was both hectic and stressful. We also got a fair bit of verbal abuse from passers by. Today was one of those days. 
As soon as I arrived I met the lovely man who is making a film about the awful DWP system in the UK. We had a quick discussion about what he was wanting to do. He also explained to me that the French government might be thinking of implementing a similar system. Awful. He’s against this. 
Gordon was taking the food parcels out of his car boot. As soon as he took them out they were all taken. We had none left at 10.05…. This says a lot to me. A stark reminder that far too many people are suffering. 
 As soon as they had been taken a man arrived asking for a food parcel. They… 
 View original post  945 more words 
 Leave a comment 
 23Jun2017 
 Fury over ten minute inquest into death of ‘real life Daniel Blake’ 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  death after fit to work decision ,  Employment Support Allowance ,  ESA ,  Job Centre ,  Maximus  by  argotina1 
 St Pancras Coroner's Court does not hear evidence about Lawrence Bond's work capability assessments 
 THE sister of a man whose death triggered protests over the government’s “fitness for work” reforms believes a coroner’s inquest has failed to answer key questions. 
 Lawrence Bond had seen his benefits stopped under controversial work capability assessments, which critics say are forcing people to take on jobs while they are still unwell. The 56-year-old collapsed and died in Kentish Town in January, shortly after a visit to the Jobcentre, but this back story was not considered by coroner Dr Richard Brittain. 
 Instead an inquest at St Pancras Coroner’s Court on Friday was completed in little more than 10 minutes with “paper-only” evidence and nobody on the witness stand. The case had led comparisons with Ken Loach’s award-winning film  I, Daniel Blake  , and the movie director was among protesters who joined a vigil outside the Jobcentre in Kentish Town in the days following Mr Bond’s death. Frances Coombes, Mr Bond’s sister, who did not attend the hearing, said yesterday (Wednesday): “What we would still like to know is, how can someone who had so many different things wrong with them, be classed as fit for work? What does that say about the system? Is it fit for purpose?” 
 She added: “I and my sister started to get seriously worried last year that Lawrence did not seem to be getting any help or understanding from the professionals he came in contact with.” Campaigners at the inquest said representatives from the Department for Work and Pensions and Maximus – the company that assessed Mr Bond – should have been called to give evidence. 
 read more here:  http://camdennewjournal.com/article/fury-over-ten-minute-inquest-into-death-of-real-life-daniel-blake 
 2 Comments 
 17Jun2017 
 What exactly is the jobcentre for? 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 It’s been a long time since jobs were advertised in jobcentres and you went there to look for work, but a jobcentre actively intervening to stop people’s own efforts to find a job places it firmly in the category of worse than useless. It’s not just that they’re making people waste time with pointless exercises. People are telling us about ‘work coaches’ making them stop doing things that would be genuinely helpful. 
 Read more here:  What exactly is the jobcentre for? 
 Leave a comment 
 20May2017 
 Gran suffered heart attack at job centre meeting - but was too scared to leave as she feared losing benefits 
 Posted in  Job Centre ,  Sanctions  by  argotina1 
 The incident echoes the hit Ken Loach film I, Daniel Blake, where the lead actor suffers a heart attack on the way to a job centre meeting and dies 
 A gran suffered a  heart attack  during a job centre employment meeting but said she was too scared to get up and leave – for fear of ­losing her  benefits  . 
 The incident echoes the hit  Ken Loach  film I, Daniel Blake, where the lead actor suffers a heart attack on the way to a job centre meeting and dies. 
 Grandmother Salena Hannah, 50, claims she had the seizure during a Jobseeker’s Allowance appointment, but was ignored by the “callous” interviewer. Salena said she dreaded falling victim to the  Tory  sanction scheme, introduced in 2012, which can involve a reduction in benefit – often to zero – and range from one week to three years. 
 Sanctions are enforced if the  Department for Work and Pensions  decides a person has not met the requirements for receiving JSA. Salena said the incident happened earlier this month. 
 She explained: “I had been suffering with chest pains for about two weeks and took a couple of sprays of GTN spray, to help with my angina, before I walked in to meet my interviewer. My job is under 16 hours, so I am forced to attend regular meetings, or my benefits might be stopped." 
 "I was feeling some really bad pains in my chest and I told her at least two or three times that I was in agony, but she was just so callous, she just kept ignoring me. I said I needed to go to the NHS walk-in centre immediately, but it fell on deaf ears. I was living in fear of being sanctioned and just felt trapped. I didn’t think I could leave or I would be sanctioned.” 
 Salena claims she was forced to endure a 40-minute JSA interview, while sweating profusely and suffering cheat pains. As soon as she left the interview, she went to a nearby NHS walk-in centre, where medics immediately called an ambulance and took her to hospital. Blood tests revealed she had suffered a heart attack and surgeons inserted two stents into her arteries. 
 She was allowed home after three days, only to suffer serious chest pains an hour later and return to hospital, where three more stents were inserted. She is now recovering at home but is struggling to breath and is constantly weak. 
 She said: “I was just dreading getting sanctioned. I just would not be able to afford to live if that happened, so pain or no pain, I had to endure that meeting. It is unbelievable how cruel the sanction scheme can be to people like me. It is almost like they are trained to be unfeeling. Is that what Britain is coming to these days under a Tory Government?” 
 Mum-of-four Salena, from Salisbury, Wilts, is bringing up her two grandsons aged 14 and 10 on her own. 
 read more here:  http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/gran-suffered-heart-attack-job-10458734 
 heart attack   Leave a comment 
 23Feb2017 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 
 Originally posted on The poor side of life: I’ll start today’s blog by describing the weather, because it certainly just about sums things up. Windy, raining and hostile. Certainly not favourable for holding our weekly demo. But still we soilder on. People need our support, it’s as simple as that.? I arrived at 10am, completely… 
 
 via  Today’s demo. G4S bully boys and Storm Doris both making an appearance. Food parcels taken in less than 10 minutes. — sdbast 
 Leave a comment 
 14Feb2017 
 DWP admits it hasn’t assessed impact of closing 78 local jobcentres despite announcing policy last month 
 Posted in  Benefits ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 Ministers have denied Google maps was used to draw up a list of potential closures 
 The Department for Work and Pensions has been accused of taking a “cavalier attitude” to closing 78 local jobcentres across the country after it emerged it had not even conducted an impact assessment of the policy. 
 Ministers denied that the sites to be closed were chosen using Google Maps after many MPs, including a number of Conservatives, raised concerns about the plans in Parliament at the end of January. 
 Now Ministers have admitted that the key statutory exercise has not yet been conducted. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) said the buildings are not being used to their full capacity and that it can conduct impact assessments later. 
 read more here:  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jobcentre-closing-dwp-impact-assessment-louise-haigh-a7575061.html 
 Leave a comment 
 2Feb2017 
 Coroner orders inquest into ‘fit for work’ man who collapsed after leaving jobcentre 
 Posted in  death ,  death after fit to work decision ,  Employment Support Allowance ,  ESA ,  Job Centre  by  argotina1 
 About 100 activists and their allies have taken part in a protest and vigil to mark the death of a disabled man who died minutes after leaving a jobcentre… six months after a government contractor found him “fit for work”. 
 Lawrence Bond is said to have collapsed on the pavement shortly after leaving Kentish Town jobcentre, following a back-to-work appointment. 
 read more here:  http://www.disabilitynewsservice.com/coroner-orders-inquest-into-fit-for-work-man-who-collapsed-after-leaving-jobcentre/ ? 
 Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 « Older posts 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Linda’s story 
 Universal credit’s hidden cut pushes disabled people into poverty 
 Total of 40 minutes and more on hold to the DWP’s Universal Credit Debt Management line 
 The staggering rise in PIP complaints shows there’s rot in the system 
 Tales from the Universal Credit frontline 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 sdbast  on  IF IT WASN’T FOR YOUR HELP TOD… 
 
 
 
 
 
 socialaction2014  on  IF IT WASN’T FOR YOUR HELP TOD… 
 
 
 gerry on  Chucked off Sickness benefits… 
 
 
 
 Ellen Elizabeth on  People on Universal Credit are… 
 
 
 
 Karen willoughby on  My child is in pain, bleeding… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2018 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 appeal 
 Arrears 
 ATOS 
 attendance allowance 
 bedroom tax 
 benefit cap 
 Benefit sanctions 
 Benefits 
 benefits cap 
 Capita 
 care 
 Carer 
 child 
 children 
 Concentrix 
 Conservative 
 Council Tax 
 court ruling 
 Crime 
 cuts 
 death 
 death after fit to work decision 
 debt 
 Department of Work & Pensions 
 disability 
 Disability benefits 
 disabled 
 DLA 
 domestic violence 
 DWP 
 economy 
 elderly 
 Employment Support Allowance 
 ESA 
 eviction 
 evictions 
 Fit to work 
 Foodbank 
 hate against disabled 
 health 
 Homeless 
 Housing 
 Housing association 
 Housing Benefit 
 human rights 
 hunger 
 ILF 
 Income support 
 Increase 
 Independent Living Fund 
 inequality 
 Job Centre 
 Job Seekers allowance 
 JSA 
 Legal aid 
 London 
 Maximus 
 Mental Health 
 motility 
 Motility car 
 National Health Service 
 NHS 
 Pension 
 pension credit 
 pensioner 
 pensioners 
 PIP 
 poverty 
 private landlord 
 relocation 
 Sanctions 
 Severe Disability Premium 
 single parent 
 social care 
 spare room subsidy 
 suicide 
 tax credits 
 tribunal 
 Uncategorized 
 Unemployment 
 Universal Credit 
 Universal Jobmatch 
 unjust 
 wealth 
 welfare 
 Work and Health Program 
 Work Capability Assessment 
 Work Program 
 workfare 
 WRAG 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow Benefit tales on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Benefit tales  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
