WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Senior Character Artist 
 Robot Entertainment Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 7, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Robot Entertainment is looking for a Senior Character Artist to join our team. This opening is for a full-time position either on-site in our Plano, TX location, or off-site remote. If you’re an experienced artist looking for new challenges including mentoring other artists, and developing leadership skills this could be a good fit! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ‍  ‍  Responsibilities 
 
 Create high poly sculpts and low poly in-game character models. 
 Create high quality PBR materials. 
 Set the quality bar with your work and help to develop the visual style of game characters. 
 Assist in developing and planning the character art pipeline. 
 Collaborate with other departments like design, engineering, tech art, and animation to make sure your work fits gameplay needs. 
 Provide constructive feedback, and help to mentor other artists. 
 
 ‍ 
 Skills & Requirements 
 Our Ideal Candidate... 
 
 Has at least 5 years of experience as a character artist for games. 
 Has a strong understanding of traditional art skills like anatomy, form, and color theory. 
 Showcases their artistic and technical abilities through a strong portfolio. 
 Is highly proficient in software packages including 3ds Max/Maya, ZBrush, and Substance Painter. 
 Has experience working in modern game engines like Unreal or Unity 
 Enjoys working in a collaborative team environment and has great communication skills. 
 
 Bonus Points For... 
 
 Experience working with external artists or outsourcing vendors. 
 Contributing to shipping multiple game titles. 
 Playing and enjoying a variety of different games. 
 
 ‍ 
 Additional Information 
 
 Working remotely  is an option 
 Relocation assistance  is offered 
 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply 
 Qualified responses should be directed to  recruiting@robotentertainment.com  with a  resume and cover letter.  Please indicate you are applying for the  Senior Character Artist  position. 
 This is a full-time, professional exempt, remote or on-site position, with benefits. Open to United States citizens or those individuals who are legally residing and working in the USA. Robot will not facilitate or sponsor candidates for US work visas or US residency “Green Cards” for this position. 
 Robot Entertainment, Inc. is committed to providing equal opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected category. This policy is administered in accordance with federal laws (including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, Age Discrimination in the Employment Act of 1967, as amended, Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended, Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended) and all other applicable state or local law prohibiting discriminatory acts. 
 Robot Entertainment, Inc. is a privately owned developer of entertainment technology and intellectual property, based in Plano, Texas, USA. More information about Robot can be found at http://www.robotentertainment.com. 
 ‍ 
 About the Company 
 Robot Entertainment is an independent game studio founded in 2009, best known for creating the Orcs Must Die! franchise. Our team is made up of friendly and talented people who care deeply about their craft and respect quality of life. We strive to create a supportive environment where everyone can make an impact on our projects. 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games 
 Orcs Must Die! 3  ushers orc-slaying mayhem to a previously unimaginable scale. All new War Scenarios pit players and their friends against the largest orc armies ever assembled. Mountable War Machines give players the essential firepower to heave, stab, carbonize, and disarticulate the abominable intruders. Orcs Must Die! 3 is the long-awaited successor to the award-winning series. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ReadySet Heroes  is a fast-paced multiplayer dungeon crawler that packs a big twist! Choose your character, then launch into a randomly generated dungeon to slay monsters, dodge traps and collect tons of loot. Now here's the twist: You're actually competing against an opposing team racing through the same dungeon! Reaching the end of the dungeon triggers a winner-take-all arena brawl! The faster you progress through the dungeon, the more powerful you'll be when it's time to throw down. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
