Test Automation Engineer 
 Yours #3cITy adventure awaits! 
 Apply 
 location_city 
 Tricity 
 work 
 IT 
 people_alt 
 Speaking opportunities 
 watch_later 
 Flexi hours 
 en 
 
 pl 
 
 expand_more 
 Tech Stack 
 Ruby 
 JavaScript 
 Python 
 Java 
 C# 
 git 
 One application, countless possibilities! 
 If testing something till it is near perfect, is a passion and a profession then we are looking for you. Wondering why you should be applying? Here’s why…. you apply once and we deliver your resume to all our partners in the Tricity, who happen to be the top IT brands looking for brilliant Test Automation Engineers. 
Only one condition, you have to be passionate about quality. we are looking for someone who is more than a great tester, we are looking for someone who can help developers be great testers as well. 
 What you will do 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 assignment 
 Test 
 chevron_right 
 Help the development team with checking if everything is working according to plan and specification. Assure the quality of new and existing functionalities by creating and running test cases and scenarios. 
 add_to_photos 
 Document 
 chevron_right 
 Describe and share test results with the whole team. Provide feedback and support investigations of defects. You are the eyes leading the whole team to perfection. 
 timer 
 Work smart, not hard 
 chevron_right 
 Evaluate and improve our testing strategy. Collaborate with teams to define new test plans and processes. Automate where you can. Search for new solutions and technologies that will help provide feedback and recommendations to developers on software usability and functionality. 
 What we expect 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 palette 
 Skills 
 chevron_right 
 You’ve got test scripting proficiency in one of the following programming languages: Ruby, JavaScript, Python, Selenium/Appium and knowledge of SQL and bash scripting basics. 
To be successful you must have hands on test automation experience in any of the following domains: GUI based (Web / desktop), service based level (REST, soap), DB/DWH. Moreover, coding skills in Object Oriented Languages Java/C# and skills with data manipulation using various data formats (XML, CSV, JSON etc.). 
You need to have an experience with SQL queries preparation and knowledge and experience in automation testing tools (Selenium WebDriver or HP LeanFT). Experience with working with source code control tools (GIT) and setting up automated testing runs with CI tools (Jenkins/Bamboo) is also a plus. 
 error_outline 
 Initiative 
 chevron_right 
 Do you confidently propose new solutions? Your knowledge and experience make you a partner in technology discussions? That’s great! Proactiveness is important for us. 
 group 
 Teamwork 
 chevron_right 
 You know that we all play for one team. The progress of the project depends on your cooperation with programmers and other co-workers. 
 bar_chart 
 Analytical thinking 
 chevron_right 
 You have deep understanding of the software development process. You’ve got the ability to create plans, scenarios, cases and test data. You can easily assess which appropriate testing techniques are appropriate to the needs of the project. 
 Perks & Benefits 
 language 
 Free language classes 
 single_bed 
 Ergonomic workplaces 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 insert_drive_file 
 Employment Contract 
 public 
 International projects 
 event 
 Sponsored participation in events and conferences 
 sync_alt 
 Relocation benefits 
 house 
 Work from home 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor programs 
 Why you would want to work and live in the Tricity 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 computer 
 One of the best working conditions in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 According to research, experts and managers declared the Tricity the third most attractive relocation destination in Poland. 
 87% of employees from the Tricity deem their working conditions and environment to be good. 61% of employees indicated the Tricity as the best place to settle in Poland. 
 monetization_on 
 Competitive salaries 
 chevron_right 
 The salaries in the Pomeranian Region are among the highest in the country. The average salary in 2018 was 5248,44 PLN, making them the fourth-highest in Poland after the Mazovian, Silesian and Lower Silesian regions. This is particularly significant as the cost of living is low and the standard of living in Tricity is higher than other places. 
 call_made 
 Growing job market 
 chevron_right 
 More and more opportunities in diverse job positions have opened up because of a large number of investments in the Pomeranian Region. The level of unemployment is very low (2,3% in Tricity vs. 5,8% in Poland), hence the constant need for talented individuals to fuel the growth. 
 tag_faces 
 Happiest place in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 Life in the Pomeranian Region is the perfect balance between the possibilities of big cities and the peace and quiet offered by small towns. This is why the locals tend to be happier and more relaxed. 
73,7% of people consider themselves happy or very happy with life in the Pomeranian Region, which makes us the happiest region Poland! 
86% of people believe that the quality of life in the Tricity is good, and, we are not the only ones saying it. A recent survey done by Numbeo on quality of life vs cost of living ranked the Tricity as the 33 best city in Europe and 88 in the world! 
 nature_people 
 Nature. Everywhere. 
 chevron_right 
 If you love nature, then you are going to love the Tricity for the sheer abundance of nature. 
From forests with great hiking trails to hills to climb to sand dunes to breathtaking beaches to skiing slopes, the Tricity has it all! 
 If you want, you can even venture out of the Tricity and make your way to Kaszubia and enjoy the amazing Kashubian Lake District with breathtaking lakes that lie 149 to 216 metres above sea level. 
 local_movies 
 There is always something to do 
 chevron_right 
 Come hail or high water, you’ll always be spoiled for choice for things to do in the Tricity. 
A diverse and vibrant community (please change it to We got connection to the right places 
The Tricity is one of the best-connected cities in Europe in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it’s history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 map 
 We are connected! 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity has excellent connections to the rest of Europe and beyond in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
 We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it's history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 supervised_user_circle 
 A diverse and vibrant community 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity is fast becoming a melting pot of culture. A recent survey shows us that the city speaks more than 34 languages! A vibrant mix of various nationalities ensures that you can learn from a variety of cultures, meet people from across the world and of course, taste some truly international flavors! 
 Discover Pomerania 
 Join us! 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Phone number 
 I accept  Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy  of Live more. Pomerania 
 I agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of service 
 Apply 
