
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Workplace Legal 
 HR & Employment Law Firm 
 HR & Employment Law Counseling and Litigation (415) 851-8900 
 
 Why Workplace LegalSM? 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Advice and Counseling 
 Employment Litigation 
 Wage and Hour 
 HR Strategy and Infrastructure 
 Private Attorneys’ General Act (PAGA) 
 Discrimination, Harassment & Retaliation 
 Trade Secrets and Unfair Competition 
 Executive Severance Negotiation 
 Workplace Investigations 
 Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR) 
 Executive and Professional Recruiting 
 
 
 Team 
 
 Attorneys 
 
 Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Megan M. Lewis 
 Jamie D. Mayorga 
 Kathleen M. Pratt 
 
 
 Paralegals 
 
 Michaela Hug-Nelsen 
 Samantha L. May 
 
 
 
 
 HR & Employment Law Blog 
 Offices 
 
 San Francisco 
 Oakland/East Bay 
 Orange County 
 
 
 Client Portal 
 
 Posts Tagged With: JOBS Act 
 SEC Adopts Rules to Allow Crowdfunding 
 November 2, 2015 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Last Friday, the SEC adopted final rules to allow companies to offer and sell securities through crowdfunding. These new rules are designed to give smaller companies access to additional investment options and, in addition, to provide investors with additional protections. As I discussed in a prior blog post here, crowdfunding is a method of raising…  Read More 
 Categories:  General Business ,  Startups & Entrepreneurs  Tags:  crowdfunding ,  JOBS Act ,  portal ,  registration ,  SEC ,  security 
 SEC Implements JOBS Act and Lifts Ban on General Solicitation and Advertising 
 July 11, 2013 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") yesterday adopted new rules lifting the ban on general solicitation and/or advertising for funds for certain private offerings of securities. The SEC took this action in order to implement the federal JOBS Act, which was passed by Congress in April 2012. The SEC's new rules become final in 60…  Read More 
 Categories:  General Business ,  Startups & Entrepreneurs  Tags:  accredited investor ,  general solicitation ,  JOBS Act ,  SEC 
 Everyone's Talking About "Crowdfunding" 
 August 15, 2012 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Ever since the passage of the federal JOBS Act earlier this year, entrepreneurs and startups everywhere are talking about "crowdfunding." But what is crowdfunding, and why is everyone so excited about it now? Basically, crowdfunding describes the collective effort of individual investors who pool their resources, usually via social media and other Internet websites, to support…  Read More 
 Categories:  Startups & Entrepreneurs  Tags:  crowdfunding ,  JOBS Act ,  SEC 
 JOBS Act Reverses Ban on General Solicitations -- But SEC Not Ready to Implement 
 June 28, 2012 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Many entrepreneurs (and their lawyers) are eagerly awaiting the new rule from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that will allow companies to engage in general solicitations, provided that securities are sold only to “accredited investors.” Originally, the SEC was directed to implement these rules by July 4, 2012, which was 90 days from Congress’…  Read More 
 Categories:  Startups & Entrepreneurs  Tags:  crowdfunding ,  JOBS Act ,  SEC 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Advice and Counseling 
 Employment Litigation 
 Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR) 
 HR Strategy and Infrastructure 
 Executive Severance Negotiation 
 Discrimination, Harassment & Retaliation 
 Wage and Hour 
 Trade Secrets and Unfair Competition 
 Workplace Investigations 
 Executive and Professional Recruiting 
 Private Attorneys' General Act (PAGA) 
 
 Recent Blog Posts 
 
 Better Together: Mentor Matchups as a Buffer for Employee Retention 
 How COVID-19 is Shaping the U.S. Workforce 
 New Year, New Laws: Coming Soon to a Workplace Near You 
 Silent but Deadly? AB 1947 Packs a Punch for Retaliation Claims 
 Can employers mandate the vaccine? Yes. Should they? That is a different question. 
 
 
 
 __ __ 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | Workplace Legal, A Professional Law Corporation |  SITEMAP  |   TERMS OF USE  
 COVID-19 Update:  Workplace Legal is fully operating during the COVID-19 crisis, and we are here to help our current clients and new clients during this time. For the safety of our employees, we are all working remotely from home and using Zoom, Teams, and other technologies to conduct telephone and video meetings and conferences. We are also proceeding with depositions and mediations using these technologies, where possible.  Please do not send us any mail via USPS or overnight delivery until further notice . Please email or call us instead. Thank you. 
 Got it! 
 X 
