Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Packaging Operator 
 Kelly Services 
 __Woodstock, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Kelly is currently hiring Packaging Operators for a 3-4-week temporary opportunity for our client, a leader in global food ingredients in Woodstock, ON. 
 What You would do: 
 
 Assisting machine operators with blending; measuring raw ingredients, packaging finishing goods, quality control and palletizing. 
 Lift empty skids from a height of 73” to the floor 
 Operation of filling equipment for the packaging of finished goods 
 
 What is Offered to You: 
 
 3-4-week temporary opportunity 
 Work schedule: Days and afternoons (non-rotating) available 
 Pay starting at $17.37/hour + 4% vacation pay 
 Weekly pay via direct deposit 
 
 What You MUST have: 
 
 Experience in a production/manufacturing environment, preferably in the food industry 
 High school diploma or equivalent required 
 A criminal check will be required 
 Able to work with a team and independently 
 Must have own vehicle; location not on bus route 
 Ability to lift bags/boxes weighing up to 55 lbs/25 kg 
 
 Important information: These positions are recruited for by a remote Kelly office, NOT your local Kelly branch. Please apply directly with your resume to the posting. 
 About Us 
 Kelly Services believes in relationships, not transactions. That’s why we’re committed to successfully matching job seekers with the best employers across Canada and around the world. We fill positions from entry-level to management, on a temporary or permanent basis. Whether your specialty is science, IT, finance, engineering, marketing, manufacturing, contact centre or business administration, we’ll work with you to understand your likes, dislikes, goals and ambitions, and present you with opportunities that meet your needs. See what we have to offer. 
 Kelly Services (Canada) Ltd., is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $17.37 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Woodstock, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
