
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 9 Legit Amazon Work from Home Jobs 
 Work From Home Jobs  January 10, 2021 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 To many of us, Amazon is just an online market. But did you know there are several remote job opportunities at Amazon? Yes, a lot of people are making money doing Amazon work from home jobs. 
 And no, I am not talking about the Amazon delivery services and the warehouse work. We have those, but there is a lot more than that. 
 Amazon has over 750K employees, and the figures keep increasing. You, too, could join the Amazon workforce and earn working for this retail giant. 
 In this article, I'll tell you about 9 Amazon jobs from home. Read this, select what works for you, and start earning working remotely. 
 Let's get started, shall we? 
 Legit Amazon work from home jobs to earn money 
 Don't forget:  15 Online Jobs For Beginners With No Experience 
 1. Amazon Associates Program 
 When you join the  Amazon Associates program , you will earn a commission on sales of goods you promote on your platform. You could promote Amazon products on your blog, website, or Youtube. 
 What I love most about Amazon Associates Program? Your audience doesn't need to purchase the specific product you market on your platforms. You can earn a small percentage for any products they buy as long as it's within 24 hours from when they click on your affiliate link. 
 To join the Amazon Associate Program, fill out the application form on the Amazon Associate Program. You will have to provide links to your blog or social media platforms. You will be accepted automatically, but your account will be reviewed within 180 days after your three qualified sales. 
 However, if you don't have any sales through your affiliate link within 180 days, your account will be terminated. No worries, you can always reapply after your account gets closed. 
 For bloggers or content creators, the Amazon Associate Programs is one of the ways to monetize your content. 
 2. Kindle Direct Publishing 
 Do you have a book you want to publish? Consider having it on  Kindle Direct Publishing . Publishing it on Kindle Direct Publishing will let you access millions of readers from all over the world. 
 Publishing your book will take you around 5 minutes. The book will then be available for readers within 24-48 hours. You get to set the prices of your books and edit them whenever you want to. 
 You will earn 70% of the royalties for selling your to customers in the US, Canada, UK, Germany, India, France, Italy, Spain, Japan, Brazil, Mexico, and Australia. Also, get to keep all the rights of your books. 
 What I love most is, once your book is out there, it continues to sell on Amazon without any effort from you. 
 3. Amazon Customer Service 
 Despite being remote, Amazon customer service hires people from specific states at different times. To get the  Amazon customer service jobs , you need to have: 
 
 At least a high school diploma 
 One year of experience in customer service 
 High-speed internet 
 Basic computer skills 
 A good command of English 
 
 These positions are usually available just before the holiday. So, be on the lookout and see if they have jobs for your state or country. 
 The remote agents earn $12-$15 per hour. Also, you need to work 20-30 hours per week, so it's pretty easy to estimate what you will earn as a customer service agent. 
 4. Amazon FBA 
 Starting an  Amazon FBA  (Fulfillment by Amazon) business is one of the most rewarding and popular ways to earn through Amazon. 
 So how does the Amazon FBA work? You will send products to Amazon. The Amazon team will pack, store, and deliver your goods to your customers. All you have to do is send your goods; Amazon will do everything else, including customer service. 
 Are you wondering what skills you need to join Amazon FBA? It would help if you had an eye for things that will sell fast. You do not want to send in stock that would move quickly. 
 5. Amazon Mechanical Turk 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk  is one of the top crowdsourcing marketplaces. This platform allows individuals and businesses to outsource different jobs. 
 Most of the jobs outsourced here can be done virtually. However, a few of them are onsite, so be sure to confirm before applying for anything. 
 Some of the jobs you could land on Amazon Mechanical Turk include: 
 
 Data Validation 
 Answering surveys 
 Research 
 Content moderation 
 Transcription 
 Writing articles 
 
 Most of these tasks are simple and do not require a lot of dedication from you. For this reason, most of them pay less than $10. So, if you want to earn some extra coins on the side, these microtasks could be the best choice for you. 
 More Amazon jobs from home 
 Read more:  15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 6. Amazon Flex 
 Amazon Flex  is almost similar to how apps such as Uber or DoorDash work. On Amazon Flex, you will be delivering items for Amazon Fresh, Amazon Restaurants, and Prime. 
 As per the Amazon Flex website, the drivers make anything between $18 and $25 per hour. When you sign up, you will have to indicate your availability. When available, you will pick up the packages and deliver them to the customer's doorstep. 
 They accept drivers from specific cities at a particular time. So, be sure to keep checking if they are hiring in your town. If not, they have a waitlist you can join. 
 7. Amazon Influencer Program 
 Do you have an impressive amount of followers on your social media? You could use the  Amazon Influencer Program  to recommend products to people and get paid. No, you do not need millions of followers to work as an Amazon influencer, but a good following will sure in handy. 
 How does the Amazon Influencer Program work? You will get your page and custom URL when you sign up. You will then use the URL to direct your followers to purchase the items on Amazon. When customers shop via your URL, you earn a percentage of the sale. 
 The good thing with the influencer program is, you can deal with items you like. For instance, if you are into beauty, it will pay if you created content promoting beauty products. The same applies to books, gadgets, clothes, toys, and fitness products. 
 8. Merch By Amazon 
 We all know how starting a business can be expensive.  Merch by Amazon  lets you sell your designs as Amazon products. You can create logos, artwork, T-shirt designs, or art for hoodies, hats. Whatever design that you think will sell could be an idea to earn you on Merch. 
 To get started, fill out the application form on the Merch website. Once you get approved, you can upload your artwork. You can also select the type and color of products you want your artwork imprinted on. 
 Merch is a bit laidback for you. You only have to deal with creating the artwork. Production, shipping, and delivery will entirely be upon Merch. You will earn approximately 20% of the sales. 
 However, Merch is quickly becoming popular. For this reason, Merch is now accepting members through invitation only. If you are creative and would love to sell your artwork on Amazon products, request your invitation to join Merch, and wait to receive your invitation. 
 9. Amazon Handmade 
 Are you good with your hands? If you are skillful and make items, consider joining  Amazon Handmade . 
 Amazon Handmade is a lot more like Etsy. You can make whatever you are good at and list them on Amazon Handmade. The best thing about Amazon Handmade is, there is no listing fee. Also, you get to set the prices for your craft. 
 While signing up, you will register with the professional selling plan. The professional selling plan costs $39.99 per month. This amount is, however, waived for handmade artisans. 
 Amazon Handmade will deduct 15% for every product sold. 
 Ready to ace these Amazon work from home jobs? 
 The Amazon jobs from home above are some of the best ways to earn from the online retail giant. Amazon is more than just an online marketplace. If you are looking for side jobs, consider signing up for these jobs. 
 The good thing is, with a lot of these jobs, Amazon will do most of the difficult tasks for you. Sign up for what works best for you, depending on your skills, interests, and availability. 
 Ready to ace these Amazon jobs at home? Do you have any other work from home job opportunities to add? Let us know in the comment section below. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: online jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 Searching for genuine online typing jobs with free … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
   
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Looking for genuine online data entry jobs without … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 9 Legit Amazon Work from Home Jobs 
 
 
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2021. 
 Built with  Magnus 
