Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Reception Part-time 
 Blue Quill Chiropractic 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Receptionist 
 Description 
 Most companies define success by dollars earned. But we define our success by the number of people helped. We do work that matters. If you’re looking for a job with purpose – keep reading… 
 Blue Quill Chiropractic is looking for receptionist that has a heart for helping others combined with excellent communication skills and attention to detail. 
 This position is a permanent part-time position. There are two part-time positions available. The first position works Wednesday and Thursday from 3:45 pm to 7:00pm. The second position works Friday from 3:45 pm to 7:00 pm and Saturday from 9:00 am to noon. Hourly wage is $18.05 plus a profit sharing bonus based on the number of people helped. 
 What winning looks like: 
 
 Optimizes the flow of people coming through the office 
 Communicates clearly to maximize patient care and health 
 Accurately makes appointments and collects payments 
 Encourages and supports patients to follow treatment plans. 
 Performs light cleaning duties to keep office looking top notch 
 Genuinely enjoys helping others 
 Can be flexible with regards to working hours 
 
 The skills you need to win: 
 
 Extremely detail-oriented 
 Outstanding customer service skills 
 Strong verbal communication skills 
 Values and enjoys learning and development 
 Excellent multi-tasker with proven ability to prioritize tasks 
 Energized by serving and helping others 
 
 In the message to employer please include a brief description of one of your favorite books and why? 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $18.00 /hour 
 Experience: 
 
 office administration: 1 year (Preferred) 
 receptionist: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Edmonton, AB (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
