Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Analyst, Market Risk Solutions 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 Within Capital Markets Risk Management CMRM, the Risk Measurement, Systems & Reporting (RMSR) group is accountable for developing and maintaining a disciplined approach to the governance, monitoring and control of the bank’s counterparty credit, market, liquidity, funding, insurance and pension risk taking activities, and the associated risk systems. 
 As the Business Analyst, you will assist the Director, Market Risk Solutions by providing subject matter expertise in the development of methodologically robust and operationally sustainable solutions for market risk capture within the context of market risk system. 
You’ll develop and maintain close working relationships within a matrix organization that emphasizes close interaction between CMRM (Trade Floor Risk Managers, Risk Reporting and Decision Support, Limit Monitoring, Quantitative Risk) and non-CMRM (Risk Technology, Front Office and FO Technology, Finance, Audit) stakeholders. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Domain Knowledge – Demonstrate your strong understanding of Capital Markets activities, products (e.g. derivatives and fixed income and their pricing principles), and market risk metrics, models and regulations (e.g. sensitivities (greeks), VaR (historical and MC, IRC, and FRTB regulation). Be curious and continue to grow your knowledge of Market Risk measurement as the field evolves. 
 Business Analysis – For assigned market risk related initiatives, identify and engage relevant stakeholders and perform thorough analysis while applying your existing and/or developing new market risk related knowledge. You will understand the issues, document the existing state and the required changes. You will then propose and help build consensus on solutions, contribute to definition of business processes, plan and execute testing and present testing results to stakeholders. 
 Project Delivery – Effectively manage a portfolio of Market Risk projects/change requests, addressing and overcoming technical and/or business obstacles as they arise. You will collaborate with various stakeholders within and outside of CMRM to ensure timely completion of testing, sign off and delivery of projects within the applicable project delivery frameworks (Agile & Waterfall). 
 Who You Are 
 You can demonstrate experience in Business Analysis, robust requirements gathering and documentation skills & the ability to communicate effectively. You have in-depth business domain knowledge and/ experience from relevant business or technology areas incl. Capital Markets & Risk Management. You have experience with relational databases and are comfortable with manipulating large amounts of data using applicable languages and tools. You have good SQL query writing and advanced excel skills. It’s an asset if you have projects experience, experience with other languages like VBA, Python/ Powershell/R; and can easily adapt to new tools and trends of AI and Machine learning. 
 You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. 
 You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help inform your decision making. 
 You're digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. 
 You act like an owner. You thrive when you're empowered to take the lead, go above and beyond, and deliver results – both within our department and across the broader CMRM team. 
 Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values – trust, teamwork and accountability. 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 
 Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop : Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning, and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-161 Bay St., 12th 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
