Skip to primary content 
 Impal Consulting BizBuzz 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 PARR: Gateway for Your Career Search: Part B - A New Twist on PARR: Results By… 
 Posted on  May 1, 2014  by   Dom Fruges 
 May 1, 2014 
 PARR: Gateway for Your Career Search 
 Assessing your skills before you write your resume 
 Part B:  A NEW TWIST on PARR: Results By… 
 By 
 Dominic J. Frúges 
 www.LinkedIn.com/in/dfruges 
 A NEW TWIST ON PARR 
 In the last few years as the number of resumes submitted for jobs has grown the PARR format has come under some criticism for being too “verbose.” Human Resources staffs have been trimmed and the remaining staffs handling positions are swamped with resumes from both qualified and unqualified candidates. 
 So, I read about a new format that was explained by a professional staffer from  www.TheLadders.com 
 It allows you to still use the information from a PARR analysis but in a shortened way. 
 RESULTS BY… 
 So, now you can shorten the language but use the Results column along with the Resolution column to place a significant bullet that will attract the attention of three things or people: 
 
 Resume Scanner 
 Human Resources staff 
 Hiring Manager 
 
 What this does is gets Results or Resolution up front for the reader’s eyes and minimizes the time explaining the problem. So, let’s use our example from above that we placed in the PARR format: 
 
 IMPROVED CUSTOMER CREDIT and MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY: Added  $100,000  to company revenues through improved credit processes. Improved collections by  15%  , decreased charge-back investigations by  10%  , and speeded up the credit approval process. Accomplished this by taking responsibility for all credit-related issues and writing appropriate internal rules to address issues. 
 
 Well, that’s a view for a process that will help you get through “the forest and the trees” when starting or restarting your career. I would urge you to try using PARR as an exercise before you write a resume. 
 Also, your PARR will become your “snippets” of information that you want to feed back to the hiring company. The first few bullet points on your resume should directly address their specified need for the position. If what you’ve done that is directly related to their need is on Page 3 of your resume then you won’t hit the mark. You only have about 8 seconds to attract attention to your resume! Get what the company wants on Page 1 of your resume. 
 Here’s where I preach some heresy to career coaches. I use what I call a  “Mini-Hybrid” resume . So, I try to match the first four or five job requirements that the hiring company has specified to the first portion on Page 1 of the resume. My bullets from my “snippets” list directly correspond to their needs. 
 A career coach has stated that you must answer the Requirements for the position not the Duties and Responsibilities. That’s easier said than done since I could write the War & Peace version of how companies have forgotten or lost the ability to write a succinct job description. I can tell you that Jason and the Argonauts are still looking for The Golden Fleece and a well written job description. 
 In any event, if the company states in their Requirements: 
 
 Need to improve customer credit processes, increase collections, and decrease charge-back investigations to speed up the credit approval process 
 
 Then your answer to solve their problem had better be on Page 1 of your resume, not on Page 2 or 3. Remember, you have 8 seconds to get that in front of their eyes. 
 
 IMPROVED CUSTOMER CREDIT and MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY: Added  $100,000  to company revenues through improved credit processes. Improved collections by  15%  , decreased charge-back investigations by  10%  , and speeded up the credit approval process. Accomplished this by taking responsibility for all credit-related issues and writing appropriate internal rules to address issues. 
 
 If you comment in any LinkedIn Group, Facebook, or Twitter: please copy and post your reply on my original blog website: http://ImpalBizBuzz.wordpress.com 
 Good luck and don’t forget to pay it forward whenever you can. 
 Dominic J. Frúges 
 Dominic J. Frúges 
 www.LinkedIn.com/in/dfruges 
 Join me on LinkedIn via personal email:  dfruges@yahoo.com 
 Opportunities email:  DomFruges@gmail.com 
 Personal Blog:  http://ImpalBizBuzz.wordpress.com 
 Dominic J. Frúges Bio 
 Marketing innovator and thought leader who uses strategic, market, and situational analysis to assess strengths or areas for improvement. Expert at developing value propositions, strategic messaging, features & benefits that position products. B2B, B2C, High Tech, Services, and sales experience. 
 Achieves vision by extracting intelligence from market research sources, using situational analysis, and then applying it to positioning and marketing strategies. Marketing efforts instrumental in a one year $51M revenue increase for a tech firm and generating a new revenue stream of $500K through a brand launch for a consumer products firm. Ex-military officer who brings the discipline of situational analysis along with prior industry diversity in sales and marketing to identify market needs and solutions. Three solution launches at Lucent Technologies, seven product launches at Adtran, Inc. (carrier telecom equipment).  CloudMASTER® Certificate   – NJIT University,  Mini-MBA in Digital Marketing , and MBA - Rutgers University. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Career ,  Uncategorized  by  Dom Fruges . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
