Paul F Davis - Weblog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Worldwide Motivational Speaker for Breakthrough and Empowerment 
 
   
 Tag Archives: job 
 May 4, 2009 * 1:50 pm 
 Career Coach - When You Don't Feel It & Dislike Your Job 
 Financial as we go through the global economic crisis and downturn, our options some would say are increasingly limited as what we can do occupationally. I come from a different opinion and still believe we can do what we love. Therein alone will be the most successful and fully realize are innate potential. 
 Therefore free your mind and heart from the entanglements of fear and corporate agendas. Most corporations run like fear factories and are designed to keep you enslaved to them for life. They spew fear to ensnare your soul and keep you working for them and getting paid less than you're worth. 
 True freedom inwardly and financially comes when you break out and stop being a conformist. Only then can you truly live your dreams and be fully happy. 
 The rare exception is when working for a company feels good and right to you. Then by all means do it and be happy. 
 Otherwise follow your heart to your promised land and personal inheritance in the earth rather than waiting for an employer to give it to you. You've got to make it happen for yourself! 
 www.PaulFDavis.com  - career coach, worldwide speaker, life changing author of 17 books including "Breakthrough Leadership Success Secrets" 
 Invite Paul to speak in your city! -  RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  career choices ,  career coach ,  dream and destiny discovery ,  feel it or flee it ,  job finding ,  job search ,  jobs you dislike ,  jobs you don't feel ,  life coach ,  life coach to revolutionize your world ,  live your dreams ,  pinpoint your passion ,  transformation coach 
 Tagged as  career coach ,  dislike ,  feel ,  job 
 May 22, 2008 * 8:42 pm 
 Relationship Advice: Why people say mean things 
 Friends sometimes say mean or humiliating things because often unbeknownst to them they project on to others how they feel about themselves. Other motivations causing such verbalization of cruelty is the reality that you cannot be their all in all and fill their bottomless emotional pit. 
 People often look for someone relationally to fill them only to later discover after the initial infatuation and illusion wears off that everybody possesses some humanity. Many have not yet learned that happiness is an inside job and therefore put unrealistic expectations on people to fulfill them. When their expectations aren't met, they explode and become cruel and hateful. 
 Paul F Davis - Love Coach and author of Are You Ready For True Love? 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
Orlando, FL 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  commitment ,  dating ,  health & wellness ,  relationships 
 Tagged as  advice ,  anger ,  bitter ,  bottomless ,  cruel ,  cruelty ,  dating ,  emotionally ,  emotions ,  expert ,  feel ,  feelings ,  happiness ,  happy ,  heart ,  hostile ,  hostility ,  humanity ,  illusion ,  infatuation ,  inside ,  job ,  life ,  love ,  mad ,  mean ,  passion ,  people ,  pit ,  possess ,  project ,  purpose ,  rage ,  relations ,  relationship ,  relationships ,  say ,  sex ,  soul ,  things ,  unkind ,  verbally ,  why ,  words 
 May 20, 2008 * 2:44 pm 
 Coworkers Driving You Nuts - What Do Your Coworkers Do That Drive You Crazy? 
 My co-workers come into my office too often and break my focus, hindering my work productivity. Talking about non-work related matters, complaining about their latest irritation, and calling to ramble on about nothing of importance. 
 As a conflict resolution specialist and life coach, I suggest the following to deal with such annoyances. 
 1. Don't answer the telephone when you are working. 
 2. Screen calls and attend to only those that are important. 
 3. Lock your office door. 
 4. Put in ear plugs while working at your cubicle to minimize distractions. 
 5. Politely ask your co-workers not to disturb you. 
 6. Ask your boss to relocate you to a more quiet place in the office so you can minimize distractions and be more productive. 
 7. Tell your colleagues at work your ears aren't garbage cans, neither are you a dumping ground for all their complaints. Tell them to be proactive and solve their own problems. 
 Paul F Davis 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Orlando, FL 
 Paul F. Davis is a world-changing leadership & diversity speaker who has touched over 50 countries & 6 continents building bridges cross-culturally and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 14 books, two nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. Paul has appeared on numerous internationally broadcast radio shows from Oprah & Friends to Fox News Radio to talk about conflict resolution, peacemaking, foreign policy, and diplomacy. Playboy Radio host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an "awesome" relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Academically outstanding Davis was trained in transformative mediation & conflict resolution (Hofstra Law School); strategic negotiations (Harvard Business School & U. of Washington); advanced interrogation (Reid & Associates founders of the polygraph); and NLP & Life Coaching (NLP & Coaching Institute of California). 
 Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations. 
 Paul's organization Dream-Maker Inc. builds dreams, transcends limitations, & reconciles nations. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9/11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Paul empowers people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  business, economics, commerce ,  leadership 
 Tagged as  aggravation ,  angry ,  annoy ,  annoying ,  boss ,  company ,  complaining ,  conflict ,  coworkers ,  crazy ,  customers ,  distractions ,  disturb ,  door ,  driving ,  ears ,  focus ,  freak ,  frustrated ,  frustration ,  fun ,  happiness ,  happy ,  important ,  interruption ,  irritation ,  job ,  life ,  mad ,  manager ,  matters ,  me ,  nuisance ,  nuts ,  occupation ,  office ,  out ,  peace ,  people ,  phone ,  proactive ,  problems ,  profession ,  professional ,  purpose ,  ramble ,  resolution ,  shut ,  telephone ,  time ,  unhappy ,  unrelated ,  urgent ,  waste ,  work 
 May 20, 2008 * 11:16 am 
 Job Hunting - A Full Time Job 
 Job hunting 
 Has become to me 
 A full time job 
 Never ending 
 My qualifications 
 Always refrencing 
 My past accomplishments 
 My endless education 
 My work experience 
 My professional acquaintance 
 With key people in the work place 
 God Almighty give me some grace 
 To endure and continue pursuing 
 Meaningful employment without complaining 
 Because I get rejected because of my skin color, 
 My age, my looks, my limitations, lack of conformity 
 My authenticity, humanity, and bold individuality 
 Shall I cease being a human and just be a conformist 
 Sell my soul for money and do whatever comes along 
 Or believe for the best, be selective, and stand strong? 
 Yes, I have to pay the bills and can't be a ding dong 
 For one who doesn't care for his own family is an infidel 
 Or even worse according to the Bible, but help me God 
 I'm drowning in applications and this employment process 
 Arise and give me a breakthrough loving heavenly Father 
 For your Name sake answer my prayer and don't delay 
 For years of tireless job hunting has left me most weary 
 As king David in distress prayed, "Send now prosperity" 
 Enough of my dire poverty, inconsistency, and calamity 
 Bring on the blessings God and use my talents and ability 
 To glorify thee and build your people and kingdom in the earth 
 Bring forth in me professionally and occupationally a new birth. 
 Open the windows of heaven over me and move hearts favorably 
 Direct me inwardly by your Spirit so I know where to labor specifically 
 Whom to entreat professionally and where to work purposefully 
 Help dear God, hearken to the cry of your child crying out to thee. 
 Paul F Davis - author of Poems That Propel the Planet 
 Career & Transformation Coach when you need a cheerleader and breakthrough! 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 RevivingNations@gmail.com (or) yahoo.com 
 Paul F. Davis is a world-changing leadership & diversity speaker who has touched over 50 countries & 6 continents building bridges cross-culturally and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 14 books, two nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. Paul has appeared on numerous internationally broadcast radio shows from Oprah & Friends to Fox News Radio to talk about conflict resolution, peacemaking, foreign policy, and diplomacy. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9/11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Playboy Radio host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an "awesome" relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Academically outstanding Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations. 
 Paul empowers people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  business, economics, commerce ,  career & profession ,  leadership ,  poetry 
 Tagged as  authenticity ,  being ,  believe ,  bible ,  bills ,  birth ,  blessings ,  breakthrough ,  calamity ,  career ,  challenges ,  child ,  color ,  conformity ,  crying ,  delay ,  difficulty ,  education ,  employment ,  endless ,  entreat ,  experience ,  family ,  father ,  favor ,  glorify ,  hear ,  hearts ,  heaven ,  heavenly ,  human ,  humanity ,  hunting ,  i ,  inconsistency ,  individuality ,  inwardly ,  job ,  kingdom ,  labor ,  life ,  limitation ,  looks ,  loving ,  me ,  meaningful ,  money ,  move ,  myself ,  new ,  occupation ,  open ,  people ,  poverty ,  prayer ,  pride ,  profession ,  professionally ,  prosperity ,  provide ,  purpose ,  purposefully ,  race ,  references ,  skin ,  soul ,  specifically ,  spirit ,  struggle ,  talents ,  tough ,  transformation ,  trials ,  tribulations ,  trust ,  windows ,  work 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Business Letter Writer for Excellence and Success 
 College Counselor, Career Counselor and International Educator Empowering Global Scholars 
 Call Center Manager and Call Center Trainer for Global Call Centers 
 Youngevity Buyer Beware: Youngevity Mighty 90 - Vitamins, Multivitamins and Health Products 
 Chipotle Mexican Food, Chipotle Corporate Social Responsibility Failures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   awesome   believe   breakout   breakthrough   college   communications   cruise   demons   diversity   divine   dollar   dream   empowering   evangelism   evangelist   family   fun   globe   happiness   happy   heart   international   kids   knowledge   ladies   lake   liberation   life   living   love   men   miracles   money   motivational   mpi   obama   oprah   pain   passion   peace   people   politics   power   prevention   publisher   purpose   revelation   rich   salvation   secrets   seminar   sex   souls   speaker   spirit   spiritual   spirituality   student   students   success   supernatural   teach   the secret   transformation   truth   united   uplift   usa   value   war   wealth   wisdom   women   world 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carter on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joe on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 andrei  on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 P on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 Jong on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 61,927 hits 
 
 
 
 Paul F Davis - Weblog  * Transformation & Living Your Dreams! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
