Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Security Engineer 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology department is responsible for developing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s mission and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and information technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The department is also responsible for authoring technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Manager, Security & Risk, the Security Engineer is responsible for security operations, processes, products and projects with mid-level of complexity. The Security Engineer will develop security requirements, design and implement security solutions, and directly contribute to security architecture practices. S/he will collaborate and communicate with members of cross-functional teams in an Agile hybrid environment, and enable the effective and efficient delivery of secure, quality products. The position can be based in either Vancouver or Victoria with occasional travel between the two cities. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Must Have: 
Bachelor’s degree in Technology, Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field 
A minimum of 5-8 years of experience in technical roles with responsibility focused on information security processes, products and projects 
Strong knowledge in secure systems engineering 
Demonstrated ability to implement programs and solutions to measure and sustain the security posture of large complex environments 
Excellent customer-service, communication (verbal, non-verbal, written, listening, and visual communication) and problem-solving skills 
Experience with developing security reference models, writing security policies and procedures, and able to communicate effectively with technical and business audiences 
Professional certifications such as Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) or equivalent experience 
 Preferred: 
Experience with Agile methods (Scrum) and DevOps practices 
 TECHNICAL SKILLS REQUIREMENTS 
 Must have some combination of strong hands on experience with at least 4 or 5 of the following: 
 Authentication, authorization and encryption solutions 
Secure coding practices, ethical hacking and threat modeling 
Windows, UNIX and Linux operating systems security as well as Virtualization technology security 
Identity and privileged access management for on premise and hybrid cloud-based solutions 
EDR and/or other Endpoint Security Solutions 
Firewall and intrusion detection/prevention protocols 
Application security and encryption technologies 
Web Application Proxies including SSL Decryption 
Advanced Anti-Malware Controls at both the network and host level 
Data Classification and DLP Solutions 
Penetration and/or vulnerability testing 
Database platform security 
Centralized logging and monitoring solutions 
Ability to conduct formal forensic investigations and mount suitable incident responses 
Vulnerability Assessment, Remediation and Reporting 
Subnetting, NAC, DNS, encryption technologies and standards, VPNs, VLANs, VoIP and other network routing methods 
Phishing and Social Engineering 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Development of new and innovative ways to solve existing production security issues as well as evaluate new technologies and processes that enhance security capabilities 
Develops technical security requirements for new products, tools and services envisioned for implementation at BCI 
Very Key role in the deployment and maintenance of new security solutions across all BCI systems 
Collaborates and coordinates with application, operations and product teams to provide guidance on the development of secure product designs that meet security requirements 
Ability to effectively develop, document and communicate security reference models and security policies and procedures to technical and non-technical stakeholders 
Ability to communicate security issues and develop security user stories in language that non-technical stakeholders can understand 
Ability to deliver and test security solutions in alignment with industry security standards 
Ability to respond to information security issues at each stage of a project’s lifecycle 
Proactively identifies risks and issues and proposes solutions to remove barriers 
Performs validation and tuning of security testing tools to provide accurate and actionable results that drive improvements to BCI’s overall security posture 
Performs security monitoring of solutions and participates as a subject matter expert in security incident response scenarios 
Ensures that all application and infrastructure solutions are stable, secure, and compliant with security standards and policies 
Undertakes special projects or assignments as required 
Ability to document designs as well as produce technical reports in support of security initiatives 
Performs other related duties as required 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Learning Agility 
 Effective performers continuously seek new knowledge. They are curious and want to know “why”. They learn quickly and use new information effectively. They create and foster a culture of interest, curiosity, and learning. 
 Relationship Building 
 Effective performers establish and proactively maintain a broad network of relationships (e.g. colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and shows pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 Organization & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Results Orientation 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement, and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers clearly and articulately convey technical and other information both orally and in writing to others in a manner appropriate to the listener. They write clearly, accurately and concisely, composing project, technical and other required documentation as required. 
 Change Mastery 
 Effective performers are adaptable. They embrace needed change and modify their behaviour when appropriate to achieve organizational objectives. They are effective in the face of ambiguity. They understand and use change management techniques to help ensure smooth transitions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
