Skip to content 
 
 Unearthing His Treasures 
 Living and proclaiming life under the reign of Christ! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 J.K.Sanchez.com 
 
   
 A Sacrificial Job 
 As parents we keep our personal worlds revolving by wearing many hats. Our most sacred position is to take care of those we have been entrusted with - those little gifts of life. A good parent does that with love, encouragement, protection and a hand that “adjusts” the character of each little one, when needed. 
 As I woke this morning I began praying for our country; all the governors and mayors in each state are currently facing difficult decisions and choices. They are in need of God’s wisdom as they decide what is best to keep the children safe. 
 Growing up there were three of us and at different times throughout our lives we found ourselves at odds with the decisions or restrictions implemented in our home. There were three types of response - the “just go with it”, the “whiner and complainer” and the “rebellious” one. 
 A good parent looks to the needs for the whole family. They are not swayed by outside manipulation, by the children’s whining and complaining or by the outright rebellion of some. They notice those that are willing and just go with it and are encouraged by them. They focus on what is best for the whole family. In the midst of stressful times their outlook must be filled with love and encouragement, as well as, the farsighted ability to protect from harm, while directing each toward a growth outcome that will ultimately make them stronger while adjusting the character of each child as needed. This is a huge and often lonely job! 
 I am grateful for my parents’ hand in my life and for the gift of having three children who I have had the great honor to parent. The job is often lonely, thankless and always sacrificial but is the greatest job you will ever accomplish in this life. 
 So, as I pray for every state in our country - for each governor, mayor and leader - I pray for God’s wisdom and the strength to stay the course as a good parent whose number one priority is to keep the children safe as they encounter all three of these children. I give thanks for the hard decisions they are making. And as children, I pray that we would think about our responses to the decisions and restrictions that have been implemented in our house. We need to choose to be willing to walk in peace whenever possible - lifting our character choices up to God for His “adjustment” before we step into the role of “whiner, complainer” or “rebel.” Our choices can affect and possibly destroy our house - our family! 
 Romans 12:18 **** If possible, so far as it depends on you, live peaceably with all. (ESV) 
 __ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: jksanchezphotography 
 My life journey has brought me great joy as I have expressed my love of nature and my savior through the eye of the camera as well as in written form. I desire to share my blogs with others and see life ignite. I love living my life under the reign of Jesus Christ, believing and speaking, seeing restoration and freedom erupt in others lives, as I declare His goodness through a shutter and a pen. Your divine life story being encouraged and brought to life is my greatest desire. I hope you enjoy the treasures that I share.   View all posts by jksanchezphotography  
 Author   jksanchezphotography Posted on  April 21, 2020April 20, 2020 Categories  Treasures for Today! ,  Uncategorized Tags  children ,  choices ,  God ,  governors ,  Jesus ,  Parents ,  Sacrificial ,  states ,  Wisdom 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Remember Always 
 Next Next post: Rust-bucket to Useable Glory 
 Follow Unearthing His Treasures on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 188 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Rust-bucket to Useable Glory 
 A Sacrificial Job 
 Remember Always 
 Jesus in Our Life-line 
 Will I Believe? 
 
 JKSanchez 
 
 JKSanchez 
 
 Today's Treasures 
 
 Chest Full of Treasures - True Stories  (2) 
 Deeper Still - Life truths  (9) 
 Digging Deeper - Thoughts to Ponder  (6) 
 Inspirational Photographic Quotes  (12) 
 Majestic Reflection Devotionals  (2) 
 Nature vs Spiritual Devotionals  (3) 
 Random Pebbles & Shells  (20) 
 Treasures for Today!  (64) 
 Uncategorized  (15) 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 April 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 
 Search for: Search 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 jksanchezphotography  on  Remember Always 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jim Sheen  on  Remember Always 
 
 
 
 jksanchezphotography  on  Jesus in Our Life-line 
 
 
 
 Jim Sheen  on  Jesus in Our Life-line 
 
 
 
 jksanchezphotography  on  Stand Strong and FIGHT FO… 
 
 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 TLP 
 ponderments 
 theburninglampdotcom 
 Believing for Life 
 be in the flow 
 Miss Elizabeth 
 The Story He Wrote 
 Uniquely Seen 
 Unearthing His Treasures 
 The Cracked Pot... 
 
 Meta 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Log in 
 
 
 Entries feed 
 
 
 Comments feed 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 J.K.Sanchez.com 
 
 
 Unearthing His Treasures   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 TLP 
 Finding Clear and Simple Faith 
 ponderments 
 "ponderments" from Life's little lessons for growing high and rooting deep 
 theburninglampdotcom 
 "You, O Lord, keep my lamp burning" Psalm 18:28 
 Believing for Life 
 home 
 be in the flow 
 the Water of Life comes only from Jesus 
 Miss Elizabeth 
 A Love Of Books 
 The Story He Wrote 
 ...and in Your book were all written the days that were ordained for me- Psalms 139:16 
 Uniquely Seen 
 Life, Love and Relationship 
 Unearthing His Treasures 
 Living and proclaiming life under the reign of Christ! 
 The Cracked Pot... 
 Thoughts from inside this cracked pot 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
