Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 VICE PRESIDENT RETAIL, CANADA 
 Saje Natural Wellness 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Saje Natural Wellness, founded in 1992 in Vancouver, British Columbia by husband and wife team, Kate Ross and Jean-Pierre LeBlanc, has been passionately helping people live healthier, happier and longer lives. The company formulates 100% natural products which are sold exclusively through their 79 experience-based retail locations (63 in Canada and 16 in the U.S) throughout North America and online. Saje’s goal is to connect people with the healing power of plants by using ingredients sourced straight from nature. 
 Saje’s products address a wide variety of everyday health concerns and ailments such as sleep, pain, and stress as well as ultrasonic diffusers, skin and body care, plant-derived natural perfumes, and pure and blended essential oils to promote holistic wellness. Utilizing 100% natural ingredients, mostly vegan, and not tested on animals or made with synthetics, the company sources from sustainable farms all over the world and from certified organic producers wherever possible. 
 In recent years, the company has significantly expanded throughout North America. Additional opportunities exist to leverage the brand’s health and wellness positioning into new adjacencies, such as home, baby and personal care; and growing sales through an omni-channel approach. 
 DESCRIPTION 
 The Vice President Retail, Canada (VP Retail, Canada) will manage and optimize retail operations of Saje within Canada, delivering a best in class consumer experience, with a laser focus on delivering positive same store sales growth. Reporting to the President, the VP Retail, Canada will be instrumental in driving the company’s sales, overall profitability and omni channel vision to become a global leader in natural, plant-derived wellness products. S/he will be responsible for all retail activities, including strategy development, store management, with full P&L responsibilities, in addition to overseeing real estate, planning, budgeting, staffing, training and education, visual merchandising, customer experience, and daily operations. This leader will partner with other parts of the organization in order to enhance the value and growth trajectory of the brand. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
Architect the customer journey, service model and related operations model to support a revolutionary omni-channel retail experience 
Oversee the re-launch and evolution of the retail store fleet including oversight and facilitation of all operational elements 
Own the store P&Ls, meeting or exceeding monthly and annual goals, including the annual budget process, partnering with Finance and Ops to manage store capex and expenses to drive cost savings 
Deliver KPI including sales and NPS goals – monthly, quarterly, and annually 
Refine omni-channel strategies to continuously deliver a seamless end-to-end customer experience that spans both online and stores 
Build relationships and work effectively across the organization with cross-functional partners and senior leadership team 
Develop long-term retail sales strategies based on analysis of marketplace, sales trends, and cross functional, cross-channel input that achieves corporate financial goals and stimulates same-store sales growth of the stores 
Ensure all Retail locations are maintained in a way that upholds the Brand & supports smooth operations. 
Interact with all Retail Team Members in a way that supports & build the Saje culture 
Develop business models to support our same store growth year over year 
Hire, train, develop, and manage field teams, fostering a culture of leadership, accountability and passion for Saje’s mission to connect people with the healing power of plants 
Manage the leasing portfolio and business development strategy 
Work with the People team to create a talent roadmap that includes learning and development strategy and compensation/incentive programs for store team members 
Be a Saje brand ambassador 
 APPLICANT REQUIREMENTS 
15+ years of experience in retail or hospitality 
Deep acumen and best in class sensibility around the omnichannel customer experience and journey 
Track record in managing retail space country-wide across Canada with strong leasing partnerships 
Experience overseeing and driving same-store sales growth across ~50 retail small-to-medium sized stores 
Thorough analytical aptitude – ability to manage a P&L and plan and manage KPI’s, oversee payroll, etc. 
Track record of driving strong comp store growth and profitability in omni-channel retail 
Experience in managing a diverse and creative group of individuals and leading change in a high growth, innovative environment, towards a common goal 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and ability to build partnerships, manage conflict and negotiate, including with retail store personnel and general public 
Expertise across retail operations and real estate negotiations 
Strong in front of a group – large or small; great presentation and articulation skills 
Willing and able to travel up to 50% of the time 
 PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS 
Aligned with Saje’s core values and personally interested in wellness. 
Deeply passionate about the brand with a strong appreciation for the product and understanding of the customer’s emotional experience. 
Exceptional leader and action-oriented self-starter who can set strategy and drive execution with a “roll up the sleeves” approach. Entrepreneurial and ambitious with a “can-do” mentality. 
Creative problem-solver and conceptual thinker with an ability to understand and leverage detail-oriented and analytical issues as needed. 
Excellent interpersonal, communication, negotiation, and influencing skills to work effectively with stakeholders. Not afraid to make information-based decisions. 
High emotional intelligence and self-awareness, which encourages positive energy and passion throughout the organization. 
Possesses a balanced ego and is driven by the need for company success rather than the need for personal imprint on every decision, recognizing and respecting the need for inclusion on all levels. 
Impeccable levels of integrity, character and professionalism in all business dealings. 
Ability to quickly establish strong credibility with team members, business partners and external resources. 
A results orientation where the individual has an unrelenting drive to succeed and win. 
Appreciation for and an interest in working in a customer and team-member-centric culture. 
 KEY RELATIONSHIPS 
 Reporting to the President 
 ADDITIONAL INFO 
In the News 
 Instagram :  @sajewellness 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
