[ 
 CuriousAbout: Korea 
 
 ](https://ryanellisboyd.wordpress.com/ "CuriousAbout: Korea") 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 CuriousAbout: Korea 
 
 14. Pictures of Andong. 
 13. Feeling nostalgic. 
 12. Being confused in bars. 
 11. Penile advice Part 1. 
 10. Shopping and service 
 9. Things you might need to know. 
 8. Feed me Andong, feed me all night long 
 7. Not Rock and Roll Andong but I like it. 
 6. Things to do in Andong when you're dead. 
 5. First day. 
 4. Leaving Northern Ireland 
 3. Leaving Work. 
 2. Getting away from it all 
 1. It all begins now. 
 
 
 RyanEllis 
 
 Random pics 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 13. Feeling nostalgic. 
 February 18, 2018 Blog post #CuriousAbout: Korea ,  Andong ,  jobs ,  Korea ,  leaving Ireland ,  living abroad ,  moving away ,  teaching abroad CuriousAbout:Korea. 
 What do I miss about back home. 
 I've been in Korea since… ahm… May. Which isn't long. The first few months where all about the adventure. Naturally, I missed my family and friends but i threw myself into the joy of being away. 
 There are, on occasion, somethings that just burn into my mind- that I want, nah, need but I can no longer have. Some of you will think… hmmm yes and other will think,'what the hell is this?' 
 If there's something here you think you might like - try it. 
 Sausage roll baps. 
 Look at it, in all it's glory. It's a sausage roll put into a buttered bap. It HAS to be buttered. 
 You've also got to add either red sauce or brown sauce. Not both- that's just weird. 
 http://www.dailyedge.ie/sausage-roll-2205308-Jul2015/ 
 Derry/ Londonderry (I don't care what you call it) is it's spiritual home and serves many purposes - the hangover cure, the quick breakfast or the cheap lunch two days before payday. You know you're poor when you're rifling through the penny jar looking for change for a couple of sausage baps. 
 Are they good for you? 
 No. 
 They're like a well wrapped heart attack covered in sauce BUT they are lovely to eat. 
 Irish sausages. 
 If you're not salivating looking at these sausages, there's something severely wrong with you and we can never be friends. I'll say hello to you at a party or something but you'll never get close, you don't deserve it. 
 Korean sausages are not the same. They're…they're just not. 
 A full Irish breakfast. 
 Now, I consider an Irish breakfast much have the following items: 
 Sausages; bacon; eggs; mushroom; black pudding; white pudding; soda farl; tomatoes; baked beans; toast, tea and, bread & butter. 
 Notice the sacrilegious hash brown in the picture. It's an Irish breakfast traitor. Some people sliced, cooked fried potatoes along with it and/ or hash browns. 
 Those people are 
 Pure and simple savages. 
 Some people don't know what black pudding is:  Black pudding  is a type of blood sausage commonly eaten in Great Britain, Ireland and in other parts of Europe. It is generally made from pork fat or beef suet, pork blood and a relatively high proportion of oatmeal, in some recipes mixed with oat groats and sometimes even barley groats. 
 White pudding is: White pudding or oatmeal pudding is a meat dish popular in Ireland, Scotland, Northumberland, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland. White pudding is similar to black pudding, but does not include blood; it consists of pork meat and fat, suet, bread and oatmeal formed into a large sausage 
 The above picture is simply heaven on a place. 
 Crisps. 
 Of course Korea has crisps and lots of them. Some are utterly gorgeous but they don't have this: 
 And that's just wrong. 
 I miss simple things like not being able to go around and visit my family for a cup of tea. We always have Sunday lunch, which is basically them taking the proverbial out of everyone but I do miss it. That and not catching up on everything that's going on. Little events pass you by… a first date, wedding, funeral, a quick pint and meal at lunchtime. It's silly but it's those little things that bond us together. So I miss meeting my mate at lunchtime and having lunch and a pint. It's delightful. 
 I'm not in anyway down at the minute but sometimes we feel a little nosalgic and it helps to sometimes wallow init for a while. Next time - things that truely rock in Korea. 
 Thanks for reading, 
 R.B 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
