Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Practical Nursing Instructor (Vancouver) 
 Sprott Shaw College 
 __British Columbia 
 Apply Now 
 Established in 1903, Sprott Shaw College is a private post-secondary institution with 16 government-designated campuses across British Columbia. We take great pride in educating and preparing our students for rewarding and relevant careers in Administration, Business, Trades & Design, Nursing & Healthcare, and Child, Family & Community Support. 
 Sprott Shaw College is the subsidiary company of CIBT Education Group, one of the fastest-growing companies in BC according to  Business in Vancouver . As an organization, we cultivate professional growth and positive working environments for our employees, which fosters our values of Community, Diversity, Integrity, Quality, Respect, and Results-Oriented. 
 Reporting to the Campus Director and under the guidance of the Practical Nursing Coordinator, the  Practical Nursing Instructor  is responsible for delivering components of the Practical Nursing program to students. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Instruct curriculum using only pre-authorized or Sprott Shaw materials 
 Take part in our program TEAMs and contribute to maintaining the curriculum for the betterment of the program 
 Organize and be responsible for instructor materials 
 Distribute and explain course outlines at the beginning of every class to every student 
 Define daily objectives and begin with an overview of the daily lesson plan 
 Distribute textbooks and materials at the beginning of the course 
 Check inventory and order lab supplies as needed 
 Administer all assessments as closed book (exceptions are noted on the specific course outlines) and according to guidelines and procedures 
 Grade and check daily work, projects, and quizzes in a timely fashion according to guidelines 
 Follow procedures for administering, recording grades, and filing assessments 
 Mark in a timely fashion and according to the guidelines provided 
 Maintain attendance sheets accurately 
 Set a professional example 
 Assure that classrooms and labs are left in a clean and orderly fashion at the end of class 
 Allow every student the chance to evaluate the course and teaching methods using the student evaluation form at the end of every course 
 Use the  Classroom Observation Worksheet  to guide teaching practices 
 Provide Head Office with an evaluation of each course taught 
 Offer assistance to other faculty and staff 
 Cover all material for the week, in a condensed form if necessary to provide for holidays or professional days 
 Participate in grad functions 
 Attend faculty meetings and in-service training sessions 
 
 Qualifications and Education 
 
 
 Current practicing license as an LPN, NP, RN or RPN with the BC College of Nursing Professionals (BCCNM) 
 
 
 A credential in adult education/equivalent or in-progress from an accredited post-secondary institution; to be completed within 2 years of hire date 
 
 
 Three to five years of recent, relevant practice experience. For Coordinator position—5 years nursing background, knowledge and experience 
 
 
 Other relevant undergraduate degrees or professional qualifications degrees may be considered to teach the following courses (i.e. being registered with the College of Pharmacists): 
 
 
 Pharmacology (e.g. undergraduate degree in pharmacy, two years of hospital pharmacy experience, registered with the College of Pharmacists of BC); 
 
 
 Professional communications (e.g. undergraduate degree in a Human Services field or discipline, or Counseling Psychology); 
 
 
 Anatomy and Physiology (e.g. undergraduate degree in biology, physiology, physician, or equivalent education and experience). Physicians may only teach Anatomy and Physiology 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 Knowledge of MS Office and database systems 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 
 Competencies 
 
 Communication 
 Leadership 
 Service orientation 
 Planning and organizing 
 Accountability 
 Teamwork 
 Network and relationship building 
 
 Benefits: 
 Paid entirely by the employer 
 COVID-19 caveat: 
 We are currently working in a blended work format during the present COVID-19 situation. We are well-organized for remote work and expect no interruptions to this position. 
 All theory classes are being taught remotely. However, instructors come in to the campus for the Lab portion. Students come in, in smaller groups. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Proper screening, physical distancing and the wear of PPE is required on campus. 
 Experience: 
 
 Nursing: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 LPN (Preferred) 
 RN (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
