
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 2021 DHS TSL Summer Internships 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 2021 DHS TSL Summer Internships 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 [](mailto:?subject=2021%20DHS%20TSL%20Summer%20Internships&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14124474/2021-dhs-tsl-summer-internships/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 19, 2020 
 Location: 
 Atlantic City, New Jersey 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Contract - Internship 
 Preferred Education: 
 Doctorate 
 The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Transportation Security Laboratory (TSL) Visiting Scientist Program is offering 10 week summer internships for undergraduate and graduate students. 
 Why should I apply? 
 As a TSL summer intern, you will 
 
 Receive hands-on experience in your field and network with top scientists and researchers. 
 Have access to unique facilities and state-of-the-art equipment in explosives detection and mitigation. 
 Enhance your academic and professional preparation to pursue a career in disciplines that support the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 Where will I be located? 
 TSL is located in Atlantic City, NJ at the William J. Hughes Technical Center, Atlantic City International Airport. 
 What are the benefits? 
 You will receive a stipend based on your academic status: 
 
 Undergraduate student - $900 per week 
 Master's degree student - $1,100 per week 
 Doctoral degree student - $1,200 per week 
 
 In addition, you may receive a Housing Allowance, if your permanent address is at least 50 miles from the hosting facility. 
 What is the anticipated start date? 
 Summer internships typically occur between May and September. Exact start dates will be determined at the time of selection. 
 Security Clearance 
 Although you will not enter into an employee/employer relationship with ORISE, ORAU, DHS or any other office or agency, you must have or be eligible to obtain and maintain a security clearance for the duration of your appointment. 
 Nature of the Appointment 
 You will not enter into an employee/employer relationship with ORISE, ORAU, DHS or any other office or agency. Instead, you will be affiliated with ORISE for the administration of the appointment through the ORISE appointment letter and Terms of Appointment. 
 Learn more about the  DHS TSL Visiting Scientist Program  at  https://orise.orau.gov/tsl/ . 
 About TSL 
 The mission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Transportation Security Laboratory (TSL) is to serve as the leading federal laboratory for the applied research, development, integration, and validation of cutting edge science and technology solutions for the detection and mitigation of explosives and conventional weapons threats in order to secure the homeland. The TSL has approximately 140 full time employees split amongst federal and contract staff members, with a wide variety of backgrounds, including chemists, physicists, engineers, , and explosive specialists. Established in 1992 at the William J. Hughes Technical Center, Atlantic City International Airport, the TSL’s 12 acre secure campus includes specialized explosive storage and handling areas and a multi-laboratory infrastructure designed for research, development, and test and evaluation of technology for explosives and weapon detection and blast mitigation. TSL’s team of physicists, chemists, and engineers, is internationally recognized for its unique ability to advance technology from conception to deployment through applied research, development, prototyping, test and evaluation, assessment, certification, and systems qualifications, and laboratory assessment testing. TSL is also internationally recognized for its role in the development of standards, protocols, and test articles for detection technology assessments. 
 For additional information about the TSL, visit:  https://www.dhs.gov/science-and-technology/transportationsecurity-laboratory . 
 
 Only students meeting the following conditions will be considered: 
 
 Be a U.S. citizen. 
 Be at least 18 years of age by 5/1/2021. 
 Be enrolled as an undergraduate or graduate student at a U.S. accredited college or university during the 2021 spring term. 
 Have medical insurance during your time at the laboratory. 
 Be able to commit to onsite, full-time participation for ten consecutive weeks. 
 
 Applicants located in or near the Atlantic City International Airport area are encouraged to apply. 
 
 NOTES: 
 Employer will assist with relocation costs. 
 Internal Number: DHS-TSL-Summer-2021 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 100 Orau Way, Oak Ridge, Tennessee 37830, United States, GovernmentAbout Oak Ridge Institute for Science and EducationThe Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) is a U.S. Department of Energy institute focusing on scientific initiatives to research health risks from occupational hazards, assess environmental cleanup, respond to radiation medical emergencies, and educate the next generation of scientists. ORISE administers a broad range of internships, scholarships, fellowships and research experiences. These programs are available to science and engineering students and educators at every academic level from K-12, to college students and postdocs, to university faculty members. ORISE programs include research experiences at Department of Energy national laboratories as well as other federal agencies with research facilities located across the country as well some positions outside the United States. 
 Connections working at Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
