  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Article Writing 
 
 Article Writing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Article writer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/article-writing) 
 6 months ago 
 Content for website 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 6 
 English and Spanish writer. Creative and sales strategist. Good grammar skills. 
Some Real Estate or Mortgage Lending Experience is required. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. V. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 Hebrew to Hebrew transcription 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Needs to hire open number of Freelancers We have 600/700 hours of audio to transcribe from Hebrew to Hebrew, no translation necessary. The audio covers a range of topics ; each audio is 1 hour long and is it's own topic. There are 600/700 audio files to complete and we are looking to get these all finalised by 30/7/2020. 
We are looking to recruit native Hebrew speakers with proven experience in transcription and availability for the next three weeks. Due to the volume, we are looking to work with multiple transcribers to complete the audios in time so please do apply if you can assist with any portion of this project. $ 20 per hour Looking forward to hearing from you 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  M. Last reply: 6 months ago  United Kingdom 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 months ago 
 Hebrew to Hebrew transcription 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Urgently needed 
we are uk based agency 
we are recruiting  transcribers globally 
no translation is necessary as the transcription will be in the source language. 
We urgently require the following language 
Hebrew 
We have ongoing projects 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  A. G. United Kingdom 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 months ago 
 Article wrting for blog and Social Media 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 22 
 We are currently looking for a copy writer / content writer and re-writer for a financial firt to create content in English and Malay language. Currently 2 posts a week for a month with possibility to extent and work on a long term bases. Could you be interested? 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 Published by:  D. C. Last reply: 5 months ago  Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 6 months ago 
 Content wrtiting for a financial firm 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 9 
 We are currently looking for a copy writer / content writer and re-writer for a financial firt to create content in English and Malay language. Currently 2 posts a week for a month with possibility to extent and work on a long term bases. Could you be interested? 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. C. Last reply: 6 months ago  Singapore 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 months ago 
 Hiring Part Time Copy writer for blog and website 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 3 
 Looking for permanent part time copywriter for USA baby brand. 
 Description: 
- Write SEO blog post 
- Able to write in our brand's context. 
- Have knowledge on keyword research 
- Able to work independently. 
- Submit 2 articles a day, work 3 days a week. 
 Requirements: 
- Females preferred 
- Must be able to understand parenthood 
- Must have knowledge of SEO and blog writing 
- Have proof reading skills. 
- Able to produce 2 quality articles a day. 
- Salary $30 a day 10a-6pm GMT +8 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. Last reply: 6 months ago  Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 6 months ago 
 Remote Venezuelan/Mexican Copywriter to join our remote team to wri... 
 Published: 6 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 What We Offer: 
 A stable job in a growing institution 
Full-time position 
Work from home (no specific location in Venezuela/Mexico) 
Competitive salary (negotiable based on skills and experience) 
165 hrs. A month 
Be part of a dynamic team 
 Working Hours: 
 Flexible working hours and days – you have the liberty to organize your time as long as you can immediately work on and finish the given tasks. Recommended working time: Monday to Friday from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm, BKK time. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Write and upload a clear and attractive copy with a distinct voice and style 
Assisting in all aspects to create cohesive, accurate content 
Conduct high-quality research and interviews 
Edit and proofread copy as needed 
Use SEO principles to maximize copy’s reach 
Source images and other content 
Update the information about jewelry business on different B2B platforms 
 Requirements: 
 Venezuelan/Mexican nationality 
Proven experience as a copywriter or related role for 2-3 years 
Knowledge of online content strategy and creation 
Fluent in English 
Excellent writing, editing, and proofreading skills 
Excellent time-management and organizational skills 
Experience with SEO 
Strong communication, research, and typing skills 
Has creativity, resourcefulness, flexibility, and motivation 
Experience writing copy or with a specific industry, such as Healthcare, Marketing, Technology, etc, is a plus 
Ability to understand the needs associated with a project and the target audience 
Positive attitude and open to feedback and collaboration 
Ability to meet deadlines 
BSc/BA in marketing, English, journalism or related field is a plus 
 Please send us the following: 
Resume 
Link to your content or portfolio 
Three writing samples so we can get an idea of your best work 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  A. C. L. Last reply: 5 months ago  Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
