Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Specialized Cleaner -Night shift (transportation available) 
 Clean International 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Transportation available from Longueuil metro station to the workplace - applicable fees for the transport 
 The job is located in Saint-Damase 
 Competitive salary at $18.97/hour 
 Who are we? 
Clean International Inc. is a family business with more than 25 years old of experiences in the sanitation industry. In constant expansion with more than 800 employees in Canada, we are a subcontracting company specialized in food processing plants’ sanitation. 
 Why work for Clean International? 
We always have the same goal: to do a perfect job. Without our employees, this mission would not be possible. This is why we give a big importance to our employees. 
 A specialized cleaner, what it does? 
Clean and sanitize the plant nightly for the food security of the meat; 
Work with industrial cleaning chemicals and sanitizers to clean all the machines that were used for the production; 
Disassemble certain parts of the machines to clean them up and reassemble them afterwards; 
Clean all the trash cans of the plant; 
Work hard in team to ensure that the plant will be delivered on time. 
 We are looking for: 
Prior food plant sanitation and/or janitorial experience is an asset but not necessary; 
Ability to work in a moderate to cold environment (4-6 degrees celsius); 
Ability to multi-task, stand for long periods of time and experience working in an environment with repetitive tasks; 
Being comfortable with a night job; 
Being a team player; 
Being able to talk english and/or french.** 
 Permanent position and full-time job. 
Monday to Friday from midnight to 8:00 a.m. 
 What do we offer? 
Hourly Rate: 18,97$/hour; 
Vacation: 6% (3 weeks / year) - after 320h; 
All personal protective equipment provided to you. 
 So, what are you waiting to apply? 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $18.97 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Night shift 
 
 Location: 
 
 Longueuil, QC (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
