Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Assistant 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Corner Brook, NL 
 Apply Now 
 The Pharmacy Assistant assists the Pharmacist in the technical aspects of prescription filling and administrative duties in order to increase the Pharmacist's opportunity to provide patient care. The Pharmacy Assistant is expected to participate in all aspects of Pharmacy Operations required of a team player. 
 Position Responsibilities 
 
 Practicing the 3 meter Attitude. • Receiving prescriptions from patients. • Assessing the prescription for completeness i.e. Name; Address; DOB; Allergies; 3rd Party Information; Any Special Requests; Prescriber; Generic/Brand; Prioritizing Prescriptions with 21st Century Guidelines. • Performing Computer Functions as directed by the Pharmacist i.e. Data Entry; Price Check; Patient Information Entry/Update; Competent interpretation and processing of written prescriptions including Latin abbreviations, drug name recognition, dosage calculations; Refills; Report Generation; Patient Profile checks. • Filling prescriptions (always under the Pharmacist’s supervision) • Selecting appropriate products. • Performing the accuracy program, including 7 point, Visual and DIN checks. • Selecting and counting/ measuring & preparing appropriate products. • Labeling and organizing for pharmacist checking. • Gaining necessary approvals for verbal refills where authorized. • Assisting Pharmacist in maintaining appropriate stock levels of drugs and supplies • Checking for and pulling expired medications at least monthly • Cleaning up Will Call Bin of 'stale' prescriptions on a regular basis • Writing up returns • Ordering of drugs and supplies • Checking off, pricing and putting away pharmacy orders. • Stocking Prescription filling supplies (Vials, labels, bags) • Keeping the dispensary clean, organized and neat. • Filing prescriptions, invoices, reports, correspondence and memos. • Completing any administrative support functions assigned (i.e. journals, accounts receivable, Aged Trial Balance). • Assisting with OTC Operations. • Ordering, stocking, cashier duties as assigned by OTC Manager and/or Pharmacist. Additional Responsibilities • Adheres to all company policies and standard operating procedures. • Other responsibilities may be assigned. 
 
 Canada Walmart Division 
 Pharmacy 
 Qualifications 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Mathematical Skills • Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. • Calibration of equipment used in the prescription filling process. • Reconstitution of powdered and other forms of medications. Basic Reading/Writing Skills • Ability to understand the meaning of written or printed matter and to record information. • Ability to read prescriptions (Doctor's handwriting). Communication Skills • Ability to communicate effectively to maximize accuracy in the delivery of patient care. 
 Licensing & Other Qualifications 
 The Associate must complete all Wal-Mart Basic and Advanced Training Modules and classes. 
 Physical Demands 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an Associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. • The Associate is frequently required to stand or walk. • The Associate must occasionally lift and/or move up to 18kg (40lbs.) • The Associate is occasionally asked to climb ladders (i.e. retrieve merchandise, stock shelves, etc.). • The Associate will be required to perform tasks involving firm grasping. • The Associate will occasionally be required to bend, twist or squat. • The Associate will be involved in frequent repetitive hand actions (i.e. typing). • The Associate will be required to have sufficient co-ordination (i.e. placing and screwing in a small washer on a bolt, picking up a paper clip, etc.). 
 Schedule Details 
 SA: 12:00am - 12:00pm 
SU: 12:00am - 12:00pm 
MO:12:00am - 12:00pm 
TU: 12:00am - 12:00pm 
WE:12:00am - 12:00pm 
TH: 12:00am - 12:00pm 
FR: 12:00am - 12:00pm 
 Accessibility 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
