Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier / Customer Experience Associate 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Uxbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 PEOPLE-PERSON WANTED. 
 What’s the difference between a good experience at Walmart and a great experience at Walmart? It comes down to our friendly, knowledgeable team. 
 Our Customer Experience associates interact with every single one of our customers, acting as the warm smile and the helping hand that we pride ourselves on being. It’s up to our incredible team to present Walmart’s values to everyone who walks through our doors. 
 Sure, we could write a job description that talks about your responsibilities in the role and your every-day tasks… but what makes our roles at Walmart so special is the people who fill them. It’s all about what you bring to the table: your personality, your demeanor, and your smile that will brighten the days of our customers and make each of them feel special and eager to return. 
 Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits 
 
 Positive attitude 
 Great listening skills 
 Strong communication 
 Friendly demeanor 
 Inquisitive mind 
 Energetic 
 Outgoing 
 Welcoming 
 Fun 
 Helpful 
 Happy to help! 
 
 At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and PT Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when you need them, and fewer when they are not needed, allowing for the other important things in your life. 
 If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. 
 Customer Experience Opportunities: 
 
 Cashier 
 People-Greeter 
 Courtesy Desk Associate 
 Self-Checkout Attendants 
 Stockperson 
 Customer Service Manager 
 Customer Experience Salesfloor Associate 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 A great attitude 
 Desire to join a successful team 
 Some basic math skills, but nothing too scary 
 Reading and writing skills, to help us share good news 
 Willingness to help solve problems 
 Your winning smile 
 Yes, that smile you already have 
 Seriously, it’s a great smile. Look in the mirror. 
 See? We told you so! 
 
 Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. 
 Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 What you'll do... 
PEOPLE-PERSON WANTED. What’s the difference between a good experience at Walmart and a great experience at Walmart? It comes down to our friendly, knowledgeable team. Our Customer Experience associates interact with every single one of our customers, acting as the warm smile and the helping hand that we pride ourselves on being. It’s up to our incredible team to present Walmart’s values to everyone who walks through our doors. Sure, we could write a job description that talks about your responsibilities in the role and your every-day tasks… but what makes our roles at Walmart so special is the people who fill them. It’s all about what you bring to the table: your personality, your demeanor, and your smile that will brighten the days of our customers and make each of them feel special and eager to return. Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits - Positive attitude - Great listening skills - Strong communication - Friendly demeanor - Inquisitive mind - Energetic - Outgoing - Welcoming - Fun - Helpful - Happy to help! At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and PT Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when you need them, and fewer when they are not needed, allowing for the other important things in your life. If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. Customer Experience Opportunities: - Cashier - People-Greeter - Courtesy Desk Associate - Self-Checkout Attendants - Stockperson - Customer Service Manager - Customer Experience Salesfloor Associate Qualifications: - A great attitude - Desire to join a successful team - Some basic math skills, but nothing too scary - Reading and writing skills, to help us share good news - Willingness to help solve problems - Your winning smile - Yes, that smile you already have - Seriously, it’s a great smile. Look in the mirror. - See? We told you so! Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
