The Greyest Ghost 
 The visual diary of fashion photographer Rachel Scroggins 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 CONTACT 
 NYFW / EVENT ARCHIVE 
 PRESS 
 STREET STYLE 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Meet Rebecca Minkoff at Henri Bendel! 
 Shop Liberty for Target Early! -> 
 March 2010 Fashion Job and Internship Postings 
 Posted on  March 4, 2010  by   thegreyestghost 
 1 
 Internship postings have become one of my blog's most popular topics! Here's a new round of fashion, PR, and editorial internships (and one job) just waiting for all you college students to apply. Most are looking to hire immediately, but please read carefully as some are already looking for summer interns! 
 Interview Magazine Fashion Assistant 
Full-time 
New York, NY 
Interview Magazine has an immediate opening for a Fashion Assistant to support the Fashion Department in: 
 ➢ Organizing the fashion closet 
➢ Managing of both men’s and women’s clothing returns 
➢ Overseeing of interns; 
➢ Assisting with PDF files for market images, market work (appointments, picture uploading and making binders for department), and market research for shoots 
Ideal candidates must have a 4-year college degree as well as a minimum of intern experience working in public relations, magazines, or for a fashion company. 
Posted 3/1/10 
Contact: 
Please email resumes with cover letters and salary requirements to popculturemag1@yahoo.com 
Via  Ed2010 
 ** 
** 
Zac Posen Design Intern:**** 
 DESIGN INTERNS 
 Design interns will assist the design team in creating show collections and special projects. Responsibilities include: 
 
 sewing, patterning, draping, sketching 
 developing sewing techniques 
 manipulating fabric 
 using computer programs to develop various ideas 
 dying fabric 
 sourcing in the garment district 
 organizing , cleaning and general upkeep of studio 
 
 Requirements 
 
 use of industrial sewing equipment 
 general patterning and draping knowledge 
 identification of fabric types 
 attentiveness, reliability, attention to detail, ability to closely follow instruction and to work independently, time management, organization 
 other useful skills 
 technical flats by hand 
 computer programs including excel, photoshop, illustrator 
 fabric dying experience 
 familiarity with the garment district 
Minimum availability- 3 full weekdays/ week for one full season (three months) 
Please email resume, cover letter, and some examples of your work. Thank you. 
Send Resumes to: studiomanager@zacposen.com 
 
 Full-time web assistant for V Magazine: 
Reply to: gigs-xe6gq-1616025342@craigslist.org 
Looking for a full/part-time web assistant/intern for V Magazine and VMAN Magazine. Duties include processing images, setting up blog posts, uploading fashion stories/articles, creating web graphics, help managing facebook/twitter, help managing ad server, help managing online distribution. 
Skills required: 
Photoshop 
Worpress 
Major plus: 
video editing skills 
video production 
Flash 
Right now the position is unpaid but could lead to a paid position based on work performance 
vmagazine.com 
vman.com 
 Spring Graphic Design Intern, New York City Ballet: 
Reply to: job-fqvqe-1612283476@craigslist.org 
New York City Ballet is seeking a graphic design intern for the Spring semester - we will work with school schedules if applicable. The intern will work creatively within the Company’s brand style guide on various NYCB marketing materials (which include all collateral and brochures, posters, signage, outdoor, logos, print advertising, merchandise, exhibits, and some web graphics) with art direction from NYCB’s 2 in-house designers. 
In addition to assisting with the design and production of marketing materials the intern will also be responsible for collecting research materials for various projects, helping to organize and archive jobs and ballet photography, and creating and mocking up comps when needed. 
Qualifications: College junior/senior or graduate student, getting credit for the internship. Strong typographic skills, knowledge of Adobe CS3 (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator) and basic knowledge of black and white and color photographic processes and retouching. Portfolio required. 16 hours minimum per week. Unpaid for credit only. Travel stipend included. 
Interested, qualified candidates should send a resume and pdf of a mini-portfolio to: 
marketingcareers@nycballet.com. Please include SPRING 2010 GRAPHIC DESIGN INTERN in the subject line. 
 Marc Fisher Footwear/GUESS: 
PR Intern 
Gain hands-on experience with sky-high potential to become involved with all aspects of business: 
· design (graphic & product) 
· product development 
· sales 
· PR & Marketing 
Responsibilities will include: 
· sample requests 
· brainstorming initiatives/ pitches 
· coordinating photo shoots 
· creative assisting for website and press materials 
· reading up on fashion magazines 
It’s the perfect way to gain experience and understanding of how a fashion company is run. 
Organization and writing skills are required! Must be a self-starter! 
About Us: 
Marc Fisher Footwear is an up & coming footwear licensee with its own private label brand, along with the production and design licenses for Sigerson Morrison, Belle, GUESS, Unisa and GUESS by Marciano footwear. There are lots of perks (especially for ladies size 6or 9 or men size 9 or 11) and discounts! 
This is an unpaid position with a flexible schedule. 
Please send resumes ASAP! 
CTUNG@FISHERFOOTWEAR.COM 
 Refinery29 Graphic Design & Photography Intern: 
Reply to: job-pmxvc-1616040985@craigslist.org 
The award-winning fashion and shopping website Refinery29.com is in search of an enthusiastic, hard-working, creative graphic design intern to offer support at least three days per week in our e-commerce division. Responsibilities include: designing email/homepage campaign materials, retouching, resizing, and uploading merchandise photos, store page layouts, assisting with production during photo-shoots, and assisting with styling. A knowledge of Photoshop is a must and a knack for fashion and writing are encouraged. Please send us a short cover letter as well as your resume. 
 Bismarck Phillips Communications & Media: 
Fashion/Accessories Intern 
BPCM is a major PR firm based in Soho with offices in Los Angeles, Paris and London. BPCM’s client roster in men’s and women’s fashion, accessories and beauty includes Christian Lacroix, Preen, ALDO, Azzaro, Current/Elliott, Brian Atwood, Maybelline, Alexander Wang, L’Occitane and many more. We are currently seeking candidates for an internship who are exceptionally bright and talented, very eager to learn and ready and willing to work hard. BPCM interns are ambitious, articulate, organized, efficient, and able to balance multiple tasks at once. If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. 
Our interns are on hand to assist us at fashion shows, presentations, market appointments, exhibits and after parties. All while maintaining our day to day office functions which include maintaining the showroom, assisting publicists, tracking samples, updating and maintaining credits, mailings, and assisting in the day-to-day workings of the office. While we sometimes work long hours, we do our best to ensure that the experience is rewarding for everyone. 
**In the week before and during fashion week, we may require a 7 day commitment. 
Interns are needed to start as soon as possible with a 2.5-3 months time commitment working 3-4 days a week 9:30am-6pm. This is an excellent opportunity for anyone who is interested in public relations and the fashion industry. You will interact with clients, fashion editors and stylists on a daily basis. Although the internship is unpaid, school credit is available. 
Please contact  Emily@bpcm.com  if you are interested and be sure to include your resume, desired start date and minimum availability. Please indicate your department preference in the e-mail. Feel free to check out our website:  http://www.bpcm.com . 
Please, no calls about this position. 
 ZALDY Studio and Design Intern: 
Custom design and production studio looking for serious candidates to help in the creation of one of a kind pieces for our high-profile clientele. You must be reliable, organized, self motivated and willing and able to jump into any assignment be it creative or task oriented. We are looking for an intern who is truly interested in immersing themselves in all aspects of fashion and ready to hit the ground running. 
Send Resumes to: info@zaldynyc.com 
 Blogger/Photoshop Intern: 
FASHION/BEAUTY/PHOTOGRAPHY 
INTERNSHIP AVAILABLE IN WEST VILLAGE: 
 Hair, makeup & stylist agency representing some the industry's top 
talent is looking for a individual with an interest in fashion & beauty. 
This is an internship, an administrative position for a detail-oriented 
dynamo. Most important? Strong communication & organizational skills, and an 
absolute knowledge of Apple for PHOTOSHOP. We 
prefer some experience in the fashion/beauty editorial industry, above all, 
we are seeking someone who can inject a sense of urgency into even the most 
tiresome task, who has an overall ability to solve problems quickly in a 
fast-paced, but intimate environment. 
MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: (more will be added, no doubt) 
-Scanning in magazine images, photoshop & Uploading to website portfolio. 
 
 maintaining artist portfolios and tear sheet system. 
 photo-production for fashion advertising campaigns and editorials 
Pls. forward a cover letter and a resume to the email below. Tell us how many 
day/which days you are free to work. We are open to any schedule for the 
right person. Ideally at least two days a week. Appropriate candidate! 
Pay= $20 per day 
** 
W Magazine Accessories Internship - Summer 2010:** 
The accessories department at W Magazine is seeking motivated, responsible, detail-oriented interns for the 
 summer 2010 semester . We are looking for candidates who can start in May and intern through the end of August, committing to a minimum of three full days a week. This is an unpaid internship for junior or senior college students—must be able to receive school credit. 
Interns will participate in a variety of projects, which may include: 
• Manifesting accessories and cataloging designer samples 
• Liaising with a variety of PR firms and showrooms 
• Assisting with photo shoots 
Previous internship experience in the fashion industry is a must. The internship requires long hours and interested applicants should coordinate school schedules accordingly. 
Please send your cover letter, resume, and availability to sheena_smith@condenast.com. For immediate consideration please apply as soon as possible. No phone calls please. 
 
 Peter Som, Inc: 
Business/PR Internship 
Peter Som is seeking interns for immediate hire - minimum of 3 days / week required and to begin immediately. We are seeking responsible, proactive, and hard working individuals who have an interest in fashion and are eager to learn about the industry. Interns will participate in a variety of projects, which may include: 
• Post Fashion Week Tasks 
• Making and updating press kits 
• Sample trafficking 
• Wholesale and merchandising projects 
• General administrative tasks 
Working knowledge of Microsoft Word is required; familiarity with Outlook and Excel is preferred. 
** Please note that we are looking for interns who can start immediately or this month. 
Please send your cover letter and resume to info@petersom.com with the heading: "pr internship". Make sure to include your minimum availability and available start date. 
 NOIR Jewelry: 
General Intern- PR, Design, Sales 
High-end, well-known Costume Jewelry company in midtown Manhattan seeks general intern. Interest in high fashion, design, PR, and/or Sales is a must. This is a great position for someone who is unsure of which direction to go in the industry. We can provide school credit, as well as jewelry treats! We work with magazines, stylists, celebs and collaborate with designers for fashion week. We also have an e-commerce website. 
Duties would include: 
Assisting PR with tracking, receiving, organizing samples. 
Assisting in PR appointments with Editors and stylists. 
Writing blogs/twittering-general email correspondance. 
Assisting the Sales team with market appointments, and preparing for Trade shows. 
Assisting design with photographing, picking up materials, organizing archives, hands-on designing, and photoshop. Assisting web department. 
We are seeking: 
First and foremost-someone nice/sweet/generally a great person to work with! 
Someone who is excited about fashion, and a people person. 
Great organizational skills, problem solving skills and good time management. 
Someone who is willing to do whatever, and comes to the office ready to work. 
Someone who is on top of pop culture, fashion blogs, and social networking. 
Drama-free! Quick learner. Someone who is okay working alone or as a team. 
Someone familiar with the NYC area. 
We would need a 2-3 day per week commitment. Ideally consistent days, but we are flexible. Our office is closed Fridays! 
Send Resumes to: Jennifer Remark- jremark@noirnyc.com 
 All positions are in NYC unless otherwise specified. Listings come from ed2010, Craigslist, and FreeFashionInternships.com. 
 Please Remember: If you 're seeing this post a month or two after it was originally made, odds are the position has been filled. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  fashin design ,  FASHION ,  INTERNSHIPS ,  Peter Som ,  PHOTOGRAPHY ,  PR ,  W Magazine ,  Zac Posen 
 One thought on "March 2010 Fashion Job and Internship Postings" 
 
 Lesego Lekgoe 
 
  May 19, 2010 at 1:18 PM  
 Im a fashionista and clothing production (but preferably fashion design) student who holds 2 certicates in clothing production. Looking for an internship to achieve my diploma. Im looking to work in design,sketch,design board inspiration,photo shoot,styling,fashion show,assisting the design team. I have basic sewing skill,pattern,highly recommended sketching ability and my work speaks 4 itself,anything that is demanded of me,im willing do it at my best level of synergy and a learning xperience is a growth.Thank you and immediate response will be much appreciated. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Meet Rebecca Minkoff at Henri Bendel! 
 Shop Liberty for Target Early! -> 
 
 Search 
 Categories 
 
 BACKSTAGE 
 EDITORIALS 
 FASHION WEEK 
 HAPPENINGS 
 MUSIC 
 ON THE STREET 
 STUDIO 
 TRAVEL 
 Uncategorized 
 
 All Photos and Content ®2009-2015 Rachel Scroggins / The Greyest Ghost 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
