Skip to content 
 
 International Schools Review Discussion Boards 
 ISR Discussion Boards are open to site members and visitors alike. Your Voice Counts. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 ISR Home Page 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 taking a job at a lousy school so you can be in the country and culture 
 Beyond the School Gates 
 December 12, 2019December 12, 2019  ~  internationalschoolsreview  ~  12 Comments 
 “Travel isn’t always pretty. It isn’t always comfortable. Sometimes it hurts, it even breaks your heart. But that’s okay. The journey changes you; it  should _change you. It leaves marks on your memory, on your consciousness, on your heart, and on your body. You take something with you. Hopefully, you leave something good behind. " - _Anthony Bourdain 
 ••••• 
 If you frequent our Discussion Boards, you're well aware our recent Survey revealed that nearly 50% of 650 surveyed teachers would break Contract if they could do so, consequence-free. 
 If you are ready to take the next flight out, it may help to know that seasoned International Educators will sometimes accept positions at poorly reviewed schools solely for the opportunity to experience a culture and country of great interest to them. It's a bold move, but it is done all the time. If you're unhappy with your current school situation, take pause. ISR encourages you to  look outside the school gates   to all your host country has to offer . 
 No one says it's easy to rise above a school when everything about it flies in your face. Your objective, however, for going overseas was far more than to just be part of a school -- you could have done that without leaving home. It's YOUR choice: You can wallow in the dissatisfaction of being at a lousy school and let negative feelings destroy the incredible overseas adventure you've worked so hard to earn,  or  …you can just  let it be  and do like seasoned International Educators and focus on, and savor, all that's happening outside those school gates. 
 Comments? Have Something to Add? 
 Please scroll down to participate in this Discussion 
 Most Recent Topics 
 
 The New American President's Effect on International Education 
 Are you White enough? 
 Important Updates: Name Your School & Comment on Their Response to Covid-19 
 
 Topics by Category 
 Topics by Category Select Category Accreditation Aging Parents & Loved Ones Back Home Best & Worst Benefit Packages Breaking Contract & Moving On Coronavirus Cultural Issues Ethical & Legal Issues Families Overseas Going International with Kids Going International with Pets Health In the Classroom International teaching Interviewing LGBTQ Community Medical Member Only Articles Moving & Living Overseas Moving Home & Summer Vacations Overseas and Over-50 Politics Recruiting Focused Articles Scam Alerts School Admin Issues Stuff for Newbies Suggest a Blog Topic Teachers of Color Overseas Teaching in Political Hot Spots Trailing Spouse Solutions What's it Really Like to Live Here? Why ISR? 
 Read Reviews of Schools 
 
 Go to ISR & Read Reviews of International Schools 
 
 Follow ISR 
 Subscribe to ISR Discussion Boards & receive notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1,230 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
