Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MANAGER, INFECTION PREVENTION & CONTROL 
 Mackenzie Health 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
There’s never been a better time to join Mackenzie Health! As we prepare to open our state-of-the-art Mackenzie Vaughan Hospital, and continue to operate Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital, we have an opportunity available for Manager Infection Control who shares our commitment to quality, patient-centred care. Ultimately, this is where you want to be. 
 The manager for Infection Prevention and Control (IPAC) is a member of the management team. The position leads the Infection and Prevention Control department to support and protect patients, staff, and visitors by using evidence-based and cost effective measures. The manager is accountable for planning, implementing, and integrating plans for IPAC and leads the operations of the service as well as providing leadership to guide the specific corporate initiatives the long-term vision of the department. 
 What must you have? 
 Master’s degree preferred. Baccalaureate degree in a health care related field or equivalent 
combination of education (e.g., public health, epidemiology, microbiology) and proven expertise in infection prevention and control with leadership skills is essential. 
Completion of a recognized Course/Program in Infection Control. 
Certification in Infection Control (CIC). 
5 years infection control related experience. 
3 years acute care experience required. 
2-3 years of Management experience preferred. 
Certificate of Competence from the appropriate College. 
Three to five years related clinical experience in an acute care hospital. 
Previous teaching and/or supervisory experience. 
Experience with statistics or data analysis. 
 What else do you bring? 
 Proficiency with Microsoft office applications. 
Ability to work independently and within a group environment. 
Ability to introduce and effectively facilitate change. 
Demonstrates excellent infection control related decision-making 
Demonstrate commitment to professional development. 
Demonstrated leadership ability. 
Ability to analyze infection control legislation control and standards and implement in Policy and Procedures development and clinical practice. 
Excellent communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills, both written and oral. 
Provides a comfortable, respectful, confidential environment for team members to discuss issues. 
Proven ability to work within a computerized environment. 
Proven attendance record. 
Demonstrates understanding and complies with patient and staff safety policies and procedures that foster a safe and inclusive environment for all. 
Ability to perform the essential duties of the job. 
Effectively uses empathy in interactions with others and demonstrates behaviours consistent with 
Mackenzie Health’s Commitment to Caring. 
Models behaviour that is aligned with the values of Mackenzie Health – Excellence, Leadership and Empathy. 
Commitment to providing an exceptional experience for staff and clients within a challenging and exciting health care environment. 
 
 You may be required to work at all site of Mackenzie Health 
 
 Mackenzie Health is an inclusive and equal opportunity employer committed to providing accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
