WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allWritingjobs 
 Narrative Designer 
 Triband Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 27, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Copenhagen, DK 
 Remote 
 If you love writing absurd comedy sketches and don't need to rely on wordy dialogue to get people to laugh 🎉😂 - you know what happens when the giraffe on rollerblades meets the pizza-donut truck and you can explain why there needs to be a hedgehog petting zoo in the middle of the town. 
 Then come join the team behind WHAT THE GOLF? and play with us on our upcoming next big project. 🍌🐴 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 WHAT YOU WILL DO: Comedy, Writing, and Slapstick  ‍ 
 As a Narrative designer with a focus on comedy writing, you will be part of the team behind our unannounced new comedy game. Your main responsibility will be coming up with absurd scenarios and jokes that can happen in the game, but you will also be part of developing the characters and the world. This happens in very close collaboration with everyone on the game, but especially the designers and level designers. 
 The game is without dialogue or text, so you will be exploring and experimenting with various ways to tell stories. 
 
 Come up with jokes, scenarios, and "funny things" that can happen 
 Gather "funny ideas" from everyone on the team and make them fit together and continuously improve on them 
 Work closely with designers to implement "funny things" 
 Work on characters, motivations and be part of building the universe 
 Explore ideas and come up with new smart things we hadn’t yet thought of 
 
 ‍ 
 WHAT YOU WILL ALSO DO: Help out and explore your own ideas  ‍ 
 Everyone has a main responsibility (this), but we also make time to explore other things. Maybe you are interested in playing with that new physics feature or try making that wacky level idea you came up with. We encourage people to learn new things and just help each other out across projects and teams. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Can communicate funny scenarios to the team using sketches, mockups, or short texts 
 Game narrative designer 
 Experience with writing small scenarios could be from games or comedy sketches 
 Experience with game development. You don't need to be a Unity expert, but you get what's going on and can be part of the dev team 
 Can work in short iterations with lots of feedback, cutting, and adjustments 
 
 ** 
** 
 REQUIREMENTS FOR ANY JOB OPENING AT TRIBAND: 
 
 
 You thrive taking ownership of your own area. You can spot problems, ask for advice when in doubt, and implement your own solution 
 
 
 You actively support a culture of collaboration, mutual respect, inclusiveness, and creativity 
 
 
 A great working environment is important for you and you help out around you 
 
 
 Team production experience, such as using git, branching, stand-ups, sprints, reviews 
 
 
 ‍ 
 PRACTICALITIES: 
 
 37 hours work week with options for flexible schedules 
 No crunch: People over deadlines 
 Lunch included (also vegetarian/vegan options) 
 Paid parental leave 
 Competitive salary 
 
 ‍ 
 And a few notes on how we work: 
 
 We experiment a lot and it doesn’t always work out, but we always learn something 
 Everyone at the studio is hands-on and part of making things 
 You are part of defining and prioritizing your own tasks 
 You get to be part of shaping new projects and the studio 
 We explore and try to push the boundaries of what comedy can do in games 
 Working in 14-day sprints in close-knit teams of ~6 people from different skill areas  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 DEADLINE AND START:  ‍ 
 As soon as possible, but we will wait for the right candidate. 
 While we currently work remote and the job would start out fully remote, we will be returning to our office at some point, so you need to be in or up for coming to Copenhagen, Denmark. We can of course help with that.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 WHAT THE TRIBAND?  ‍ 
 We want to make people laugh! We do it by making comedy games, being original, and taking chances. We recently launched WHAT THE GOLF? - a golf game for people who hate golf? 
 All jobs involve experiments, bad jokes, stupid ideas, silly physics, and failed prototypes. We work in Unity and almost everyone works in-editor and very hands-on, also if you do design, audio, or animation. 
 We are currently ~20 people of 6 different nationalities and the language is English. We put the people first and strive to create a great working environment and are generally looking for people who are not like us and who will challenge us and our way of doing things! 
 We believe that teams make games, not individuals - and we believe diversity makes for better teams. That's why we look for people who make the team better, instead of just who’s got the most experience. 
 We are primarily looking for people with at least 2+ years of game dev experience but will be opening up more entry-level positions in the future. 
 For more info about Triband and our hiring process, check out:  triband.net/hiring 
 ABOUT WHAT THE GOLF? 
 A silly physics-based golf parody where every golf course is a new surprising type of golf, some brilliant or hilarious, others so absurd they will make you go: WHAT THE GOLF? 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 IGN is hiring a Guides Editorto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Guides EditorIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Triband is hiring a Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKNarrative DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Shiro Games is hiring a Senior Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromBordeaux, FRSenior Narrative DesignerShiro Games | Bordeaux, FRLearn More 
 Squanch Games is hiring a Writerto join their team into work fromAnywhereWriterSquanch Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Giant Army is hiring a Science Writer & Community Advocateto join their team into work fromAnywhereScience Writer & Community AdvocateGiant Army | AnywhereLearn More 
 PC Gamer is hiring a News Writerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomNews WriterPC Gamer | United KingdomLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
