Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 UNIFOR 20/21 - 08 Part Time French Immersion Educational Assistant 
 Greater St. Albert Roman Catholic Separate School District No. 734 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING UNIFOR 20/21 - 08 
 École Father Jan 
 French Immersion Educational Assistant 
 Part Time - 16.25 hours/week (9:00 – 12:15pm) 
 Position:  An Educational Assistant is required to work with students with complex needs in an elementary school setting. 
 Duties to Commence:  Immediately 
 Qualifications & Duties: 
Committed to being a model and witness to Christ-centered education values and beliefs. 
Completion of the Education Assistant Program at Grant MacEwan or equivalent post-secondary training is an asset. 
Ability to communicate effectively in both French and English required. 
Non-Violent Crisis Intervention Training an asset. 
Experience with assisting with the implementation of student Individual Program Plans. 
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work well with a strong, interdisciplinary team. 
Display a positive approach to students with social-emotional-behavioral needs. 
Experience assisting with the implementation of positive, proactive behavioural interventions including competence using specific strategies such as visual supports, sensory supports, reinforcement schedules, teaching problem-solving skills, social stories, etc. and experience with Positive Behavioral Supports. 
Experience helping to facilitate positive peer interactions among students. 
First Aid and CPR training would be an asset. 
Physically able to assist students (i.e. running, lifting, toileting etc.). 
Experience at the Elementary level would be beneficial. 
Knowledge and experience working with diverse learners who are on the autism spectrum would be an asset. 
 For more information on this position please contact: 
Christina MacKinnon 
 Principal 
 E-mail:  cmackinnon@gsacrd.ab.ca 
 Phone:  780-458-3300 
 Only online applications will be accepted. No late applications will be accepted. 
 Note:  Although all applications are appreciated, only candidates who are selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 This posting is an internal ad open only to members of the current UNIFOR Support Staff Union until December 3, 2020 
 Note: 
 Support Applicants: 
As part of the application process, all applicants are required to take the SupportInsight Assessment. Your application is not considered complete without the assessment. Once your application has been submitted through the online process you will be redirected to either complete the SupportInsight Assessment or copy your previous results. 
 Please ensure that your pop-up blocker is disabled, in order to be redirected to the online testing. If you do not get an automatic pop-up redirecting you to the SupportInsight Assessment, please go to the Online Testing tab of your Simplication account to complete the assessment. 
 If the assessment shows as completed, no further action is required. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
