Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 NgechuMary 
 Social Entrepreneur. Woman in Manufacturing. Environmental Ambassador. Passionate about skills development & decent jobs. UN in Kenya person of the year 2017 (runners-up). EY East Africa Entrepreneur of the Year 2018 -Winning Woman (finalist). Zuri Awards 2019 - Woman in Manufacturing. 
 
 Facebook  
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Ngechu Mary 
 Line Plast Group 
 TAKA TAKA NI MALI 
 Blog 
 Contacts 
 
 Open Search 
 Global Disability Summit 2018 - Skill Development and Decent Job Creation for People Living with Disabilities. 
 On 24 July 2018 the UK government through DFID will co-host its first ever Global Disability Summit with the  International Disability Alliance  and the  Government of Kenya . In line with the principle of ‘nothing about us, without us’, DFID will co-host the Summit with the International Disability Alliance (IDA). This will ensure people with disabilities are central to the planning and delivery of the summit. 
 The summit will take place at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London and will bring together more than 700 delegates from governments, donors, private sector organisations, charities and organisations of persons with disabilities. 
 The Summit will celebrate the achievements and rights of people with disabilities and highlight the role that innovation and technology can play to improve their lives. 
 Globally, 1 of every 7 people today live with some form of disability, the majority in low- and middle-income countries. In these settings, disability is both a cause and consequence of poverty as people with disabilities often face significant barriers that prevent them from participating fully in society, including accessing health services and attaining education and employment. 
 Themes and Priorities  : In consultation with IDA, the UK Civil Society BOND Disability and Development Group, the IDDC, UN agencies, the World Bank and other important stakeholders – DFID have undertaken a process of consultation on the Summit themes and priorities. A number of building blocks have been identified which will underpin the approach to catalysing change throughout the Summit: 
 
 Catalysing political will towards change and building collective responsibility; 
 Improving data and evidence to raise awareness of the scale of the problem and learning on how to address barriers and; 
 Supporting the leadership and representation of people with disabilities to increase voice, choice and control. 
 
 Based on this consultation, the programme for the day itself will be built around these four themes,  with two cross-cutting themes on humanitarian assistance and gender  : 
 
 Tackling stigma and discrimination – commitments could include greater legislation at national level; quotas on representation and visibility of people with disabilities; and high-profile media campaigns. 
 Inclusion in education - deliverables may include: minimum standards of accessibility in schools, and greater leadership and investment in teacher training and accessible learning materials/resources. 
 Routes to economic empowerment – commitments may include: anti-discrimination laws, social protection and training schemes, vocational rehabilitation and universal design. 
 Harnessing technology and innovation – This area has significant potential to change lives in low income countries: In terms of deliverables, target is on reduced prices and expanded access of five assistive devices through new mass markets; and also improved access to cross the ‘digital divide’ through new technologies. 
 
 Commitments . As well as showcasing best practice, the Summit will aim to generate sustainable commitments from developing country governments, donors, civil society, foundations and the private sector. These commitments will focus on inclusive education, employment and livelihood opportunities, technology / innovation and tackling stigma and discrimination. 
 Country Engagement:  The Summit will generate action in all developing countries. DFID has already started influencing efforts in certain countries, namely: Kenya, Rwanda, Malawi, South Africa, Ghana, Nigeria, India, Uganda, Zambia, Bangladesh, Jordan, Pakistan and Zimbabwe. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by Ngechu Mary 
 Social entrepreneur. Passionate about skills development & creation of decent jobs. UN in Kenya person of the year 2017 (runners-up).   View all posts by Ngechu Mary  
 __July 23, 2018 
 __ Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 World Youth Skills Day 2018 - Preparing Youth for the Future of Work in the Digital Economy. 
 Digital Literacy for Enhancement of Women's Financial Inclusion 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Calendar 
 
 
 
 July 2018 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 
 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 
 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 
 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 
 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jun   Aug » 
 Follow NgechuMary on WordPress.com 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
