WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProgrammingjobs 
 Software Engineer 
 Roboto Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 7, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 About Roboto Games 
 ‍  Hi! We’re Roboto Games, a minty fresh venture-backed games company. Before this we were leading games at PopCap, EA and Space Ape. And this isn’t our first rodeo/game studio. In 2007 we founded ZipZapPlay, a web and Facebook gaming company (we baked lots of cupcakes while making Baking Life), which we sold to PopCap (zombies also eat cupcakes it turns out) before they sold to EA in 2011. Since then we’ve also contributed to several mobile game hits. 
 At Roboto, our mission is to bring friends & family together with games that can be played anytime and anywhere. Think of all the issues stopping you from playing video games with your friends or family and think of Roboto Games as the company that’s going to fix them. Our games will run on all the major games platform including the web and mobile. Even if your friends’ play times only align with yours for a few minutes, you’ll have fun playing with them. We want to make playing games with your friends and family a much better experience than it is today. 
 Our first game, Last Mage Standing, is a free-to-play top down action RPG that is designed to make this vision a reality. We are looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer to help us make this game and all our future games amazing. If that sounds like fun, then join us! You should also join us if you like wizards, zombies and skeletons but not necessarily in that order. 
 All that sounds great you say? What do I need to do? Glad you asked!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Help make our games, and help make them fun! 
 Work full stack across client, server, and backend data services 
 Collaborate with other disciplines to define and prioritize features 
 Coordinate with other team members to implement gameplay features 
 Implement new systems for fast delivery of content to our players 
 Architect new features that work across, client, server, and data backend  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Passion for the craft, desire to constantly learn new things and improve the quality of our games 
 Strong overall software engineering skills: data structures, algorithms, design patterns, trade-offs of speed vs debt, debugging, performance optimization 
 2 years professional experience as a software engineer in games 
 One year experience with Unity 
 Fluent written and spoken English 
 Live in a time-zone within 4 hours of Pacific Time for team coordination 
 Experience and interest in Free To Play games 
 Ability to both deliver and receive honest constructive feedback in a professional and open manner  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice to haves 
 
 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent 
 Developed and shipped one cross platform game (web, PC, iOS, Android, Console) 
 Programmed multiplayer networked games previously 
 Experience scaling multiplayer servers 
 Implemented server side data backends for game features, bonus for experience with Firebase 
 Shipped one or more Unity titles, extra bonus for shipped mobile titles  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Why work at Roboto Games? 
 
 As a member of a small team, you will have an immense impact on our games and the ability to work on full features from server to client. 
 Make games that you can play with your friends or with your kids or with your dad. Make games you can play on your phone, on your PC, on your mom’s Chromebook. You get the idea. 
 Work alongside game industry game veterans with 12+ years of experience each. 
 You will work with a fully remote team and be able to set your own hours (with a minimum of overlap with the team). 
 Join our occasional socially distanced, outdoor team gatherings in person or video conference. 
 You will also get 4 weeks paid vacation, stock options, 401(k), health benefits, charitable matching. What’s not to like? 
 
 ‍ 
 To apply, please email your resume and a cover letter to  jobs@robotogames.com . 
 ‍ 
 About Last Mage Standing 
 Play 100 Player Fantasy Battle Royale, Co-op Tower Defense and more game modes in this fast paced action RPG brawler! 
 Battle solo or team up with friends in a variety of PvE and PvP modes for quick three minute rounds. Collect and upgrade a roster of Guardians and pair them up with magical and mechanical abilities to rule the day! 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Spry Fox is hiring a Engineering Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereEngineering LeadSpry Fox | AnywhereLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Senior Gameplay Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILSenior Gameplay EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Fullstack Web Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILFullstack Web EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Herobeat Studios is hiring a Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereProgrammerHerobeat Studios | AnywhereLearn More 
 sunset visitor is hiring a Unity Developerto join their team into work fromCanadaUnity Developersunset visitor | CanadaLearn More 
 BlitWorks is hiring a Junior Unity Engineerto join their team into work fromBarcelona, ESJunior Unity EngineerBlitWorks | Barcelona, ESLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
