
 
 
 
 Find jobs Regions Career advice Moving guide News   Register   Login   Post a Job 
 
 Home 
 Find jobs 
 Locations 
 Career advice 
 Moving guide 
 News 
 My account 
 
 Booms! Buildings, jobs and music! 
 Posted on  May 6, 2016March 22, 2018  by  admin 
 Posted in  News 
 New Zealand music month goes boom! 
 It’s June, which means our beloved New Zealand Music Month has just finished. Which means lots of us are now in recovery from four weeks of album launches, parties and gigs. This isn’t quite the time or place to flush out our personal favs. But – as with everything – it’s got it’s own Facebook page and that gives you a pretty thorough survey, with everything from crooners to rappers to rockers and more. Bottom line: about 20% of radio airplay is now New Zealand music. 20 years ago, it was about 1%. Good outcome! 
 Putting the boom into building 
 New Zealand’s economy continues to grow, and one of the main drivers at present is a building boom. Or rather, a series of building booms. Christchurch – having had a series of earthquakes back in 2010 and 2011 – has had a major construction surge as thousands of houses and city buildings have been repaired and replaced. Total value: about $40 billion. 
 And as the Christchurch reconstruction peaks, a second boom is materialising in Auckland. And that’s with a capital B. Working In co-founder Scott Matheson was recently quoted in  The Listener  (one of our more respectable cultural weeklies): “Between now and 2020 [the boom] is looking to be $200 billion … five times that of Christchurch.” 
 It’s been referred to as “a wall of work” and – as in previous upswings in New Zealand – it’s going to be staffed in large part by migrant workers. There are already good processes to facilitate this, both for ensuring a good range of workers, and also to protect migrants from exploitation. Working In is at the forefront of ethical migration practices. And – with increasing industry calls to expand the Canterbury Skills Shortage List – it’s possible that the visa framework is going to keep getting better, too. 
 Booming education supports record migration 
 A recent update from  Statistics New Zealand  shows that the immigration doors remain wide open, with 5,330 new arrivals in March. That’s lower than in previous months, but net migration has hit record highs for 20 consecutive months, so it’s really the new normal. 
 What’s driving it? Two things. One, the economy continues to provide more jobs than people to fill them across various sectors, especially construction, health, tourism and hospitality. Great! Second, there has been a surge of students coming to New Zealand, and some of them have come unstuck. Unscrupulous (and often unregistered) agents in some countries have been overselling the benefits of tertiary training in residency applications. Many graduates, looking for residency, find out too late that their qualifications don’t appear on Immigration New Zealand’s skill shortage lists. Student visas aren’t really our core business, but all we can say is: check the creds of anyone who’s offering to help. Especially for money. 
 And remember, our team of dedicated migration advisors are all fully licensed, which means they’ve satisfied the New Zealand Government that they know the law and are trained in ethical migration. Get in touch now to  start your visa assessment . 
 Boom! Fancy new government website for   Immigration NZ 
 Here at Working International we see zillions of websites attempting to clarify the complicated rules and language of immigration. Nearly all of them fail. Not this one. It’s simple, intuitive and informative. Their approach is organise the information according to what the user wants to achieve, so it’s all about you. We’ve used the same design principle here for our visa pages, so – what else can we say? – it’s awesome. We like it for its clarity and logic. Just  don’t mistake  that for a DIY visa. That’s a world of pain. Here’s  theirs . And here’s  ours . You’re welcome. We’re here to help. 
 Check out jobs in New Zealand  here . Check out your New Zealand visa  here . 
 Related Content 
 
 Teaching In New Zealand 
 A guide to getting a great job in New Zealand with KPMG 
 Making a spark: Electricians in hot demand across New Zealand 
 Why New Zealand’s South Island is the right prescription for health professionals 
 Healthcare workers continue to be in big demand across New Zealand 
 
 
 Thank you! We have received your request. 
 
 Get job alerts straight into your inbox. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Top 
