Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Principal 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 To explore this opportunity, please contact Cherish Yew at NextWave Partners at cherish.yew@next-wavepartners.com 
 Only qualified candidates that match the requirements will be contacted. Please do not submit your application directly to BCI, applications submitted through this site will not be reviewed. 
 With assets under management (AUM) of $171.3 billion, British Columbia Investment Management Corporation (BCI) is one of the largest institutional investors in Canada. Since its inception in 2000, BCI has grown significantly and is now regarded as one of the most influential financial institutions globally with a diverse and global mix of assets. Over the past three years, BCI has more than doubled in size reaching over 550 employees. With the goal to reach $200 billion in AUM over the coming years, BCI is now at an exciting time in its history. 
 Infrastructure & renewable resources represents $18.3 billion and 10.7 per cent of net assets under management. 
 The infrastructure component is diversified by geographic region and sector, and consists of a global portfolio of regulated utilities in the water, electricity, and wastewater sectors; energy transmission; as well as roads, port terminals, and light rail transit. We seek meaningful equity positions allowing us to adopt an active governance approach. For the year ending December 31, 2019, we committed $1.3 billion to infrastructure assets. Notable investments included partnering with like-minded global institutional investors to own Czech Grid Holdings, the largest regulated gas distribution network in the Czech Republic, our first direct infrastructure investment in Central and Eastern Europe. We also initiated a new partnership with a global infrastructure fund manager focusing on developing markets, providing our clients with exposure to new regions and sectors. 
 The renewable resources component invests in long-life renewable resource assets that are essential to a growing population and increase in economic mobility. Our strategy involves investing in majority or co-controlling positions, or as a strong minority partner. For the year ending December 31, 2019, BCI initiated a new strategic partnership with Paine Schwartz, an investment management firm specializing in sustainable food chain investing. 
 We are seeking an individual who will bring a long-term investing mindset to managing infrastructure investments around the world. This work will include portfolio company support, portfolio monitoring and oversight and due diligence. Bring your excellent interpersonal and communication skills, your personal drive to make a difference, and your strategic thinking to our collaborative investment team. 
 Located in Victoria (with remote work during COVID-19) this is unique opportunity to join a growing pension fund in Canada. 
 To explore this opportunity further, please contact cherish.yew@next-wavepartners.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
