  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Exeter, England 
 Rate:  Up to £17 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Support Officer 
 Support Officer needed for Devon County Council, £17 ltd an hour 
 Start Date- ASAP 
Contract End date- 3 months initially 
Hours per week - 37 hours (must be able to do the occasional weekend) 
Pay rate - £17 ltd an hour 
Team - Provider Response Team - Social Care Commissioning 
Location - Home Based 
 Description 
, Calling providers (using standard templates provided) with COVID outbreaks / cases on a daily basis to obtain situation reports. 
 Logging (in Word templates / Excel spreadsheets, reporting and escalating to senior managers as appropriate 
, Supporting providers with information, advice, tools and resources as required (using reference documentation developed and maintained by the Tactical Provider Response Cell) in relation to COVID outbreaks / cases and COVID testing 
, Development and maintenance of procedures and associated data dashboards (liaising with Business Intelligence specialists) for COVID outbreaks / cases and COVID testing, in collaboration with colleagues social care, Public Health and NHS e.g. 
 Capacity Tracker 
, Answering telephone and email queries (using the QAIT and COVID testing mailbox) from providers and members the public in relation to COVID outbreaks / cases and COVID testing. 
 Logging (in Word templates / Excel spreadsheets, reporting and escalating to senior managers as appropriate 
 What is required? 
, Administrative experience 
, Experience of call handling 
, Social care/health experience in any of the roles would be helpful but not essential 
 If you are interested please call Jemma Molloy on 01772 208964 or email me your CV - jemma.molloy@servicecare.org.uk 
 If this role isn't right for you, but you know someone who would fit perfectly to our engaged and devoted team and you refer them, you will receive a referral bonus of £250. 
 The benefits of working with SCS; 
, A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
, Exceptional referral bonuses - £250 per referral placed in to work! 
, An extensive & exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
, Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
 , Payroll service twice a week. 
 , Ltd and PAYE payment options available. 
 , Annual training budget of up to £250 and continued online CPD training. 
 , Excellent Annual Loyalty schemes / bonuses. 
 , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £17 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Exeter, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 23:40:01 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
