Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant III 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday - Friday; 8:30 - 4:30 
Education Level College Diploma 
Career Level 4 years' experience 
 Job Description 
 Ranked among the top engineering schools in Canada and worldwide, the Faculty of Engineering has a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students. It has earned a strong reputation as a centre for academic excellence and innovation. The Faculty has approximately 180 faculty members, along with over 6,000 undergraduate and about 1000 graduate students. The Faculty attracts approximately $30 million in annual research funding. Engineering faculty, staff and students at McMaster pursue research and learning in more than 22 research centres, institutes and networks whose interdisciplinary pursuits cross departmental and Faculty boundaries. Outside the University, we collaborate regularly on research projects with partners in universities, government and more than 100 companies in Canada and abroad. 
 This role will be the first point of contact Office of the Associate Dean (Academic), Academic Advising Office. The incumbent will have a focus on implementing and supporting new strategies that will use technology with a particular focus on improving student services to promote student success. This position will work collaboratively with the administrative assistant, work-study students, and academic advisors to implement student-centred solutions. 
 Job Summary: 
Oversee the day-to-day administrative operations of a department. Establishes priorities and schedules of projects. Participates in the development and implementation of projects, work methods and procedures and recommends procedural changes to improve unit efficiency, including recommendations on staffing requirements. Responsible for providing direction to others in how to carry out work tasks. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
 
 Participate in the development and implementation of projects, work methods and procedures. Recommend procedural changes to improve unit efficiency, including recommendations on staff requirements. 
 Follow up on and ensure appropriate implementation of decisions made by supervisor. 
 Resolve complex problems within area of responsibility, consult relevant documentation, and liaise with appropriate resource persons to obtain and provide information on a variety of diverse and complex administrative issues. 
 Collect, analyze, assess, and summarize information relevant to the decision making process and develop recommendations for final approval and implementation. 
 Develop estimates of time and resources for various activities and events. 
 Contribute to the development of budgets for review and approval. 
 Implement and maintain budgets. Create financial projections and make 
 
 adjustments to budgets throughout the fiscal year. 
 
 Exercise appropriate controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. 
 Establish priorities for general office operations. 
 Plan and coordinate a variety of events and activities such as conferences, seminars, and workshops. 
 Answer complex inquiries via telephone, email, and in person that are specific in nature and require a specialized knowledge of policies and procedures. 
 Utilize discretion and judgment to screen visitors and telephone calls, and notify appropriate personnel. 
 Complete financial forms such as travel expense reports, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
 Write a variety of documents such as correspondence, procedure manuals, reports, and minutes. 
 Conduct database, literature, and web searches to find references and articles used for a variety of documents, reports, and publications. 
 Provide policy and procedure information to others. 
 Gather and compile the paperwork required to facilitate hiring and payment processes. 
 Collect, verify, and input data into a variety of spreadsheets and databases. 
 Coordinate the calendar of supervisor and others and resolve scheduling conflicts. 
 Write a variety of formal notes and records such as meeting minutes. 
 Update and maintain information on websites and social networks. 
 Format, word process, edit, and proofread a variety of documents and materials. 
 Apply standard mathematical skills such as calculations, formulas, and equations to perform a variety of calculations. 
 Monitor and order office supplies. 
 Source and obtain pricing information for office supplies and equipment. 
 Set up and maintain filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
 Classify, sort, and file correspondence, records, and other documents. 
 Update and maintain confidential files and records. 
 Handle sensitive material in accordance with established policies. 
 Assemble, copy, collate, and disseminate a variety of documents and materials. 
 Open and distribute incoming mail and faxes. 
 Prepare outgoing mail, faxes, and courier shipments. 
 
 Requirements: 
2 year Community College diploma in Office Administration or related field of study. 
Requires 4 years of relevant experience. 
 Additional Information: 
This position provides service to students, faculty, staff and members of the public both in person, on the telephone, online via Live Chats, and it requires qualities of professionalism, diplomacy, tact, empathy, sensitivity and flexibility. This position also requires demonstrated experience with various computer applications such as PeopleSoft, EXEL, Microsoft Office, and willingness to work and set up new technologies. Knowledge of university academic rules, regulations, policies and procedures is also required. A willingness to help implement and maintain new technological processes is also a requirement. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
