
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 
 Can't Stop Looking at the Clock? Maybe It's Time for a New Job.   
 Job Search 
 Sometimes your job won't be everything you want and it's challenging to even pull yourself out of bed in the morning. Occasionally these seasons seem never-ending and you find yourself checking the clock constantly hoping your time on the job flies so you can leave. If this is where you are currently, ask yourself these questions to determine if it will pass or if it's  time for a new job . 
 
 Am I supported in my workplace? 
 It's important to determine exactly what is leaving you in a bad mood; mainly deciding if it's you or your environment. Think about your relationships with your co-workers and supervisors. Do you feel they have your back and are willing to support you? Or is it more of a cutthroat environment where everyone is just thinking about themselves? 
 Am I growing and do I have room to grow? 
 The longer you do the same thing day after day, the easier it is to grow restless. Look back on the last few months to see if you had the opportunities to learn new skills or advance in your position. Consider your future with the company and if there's room for you to get promoted. Decide if the opportunities exist and you aren't taking or pursuing them, or if there's nowhere for you to go. 
 Am I overwhelmed or even burnt out? 
 One of the main reasons people become dissatisfied at work is due to burn out. The workloads continue to increase with no sign of letting up and eventually it tips you over the breaking point. Consider if you're here and if there's anything to be done so you can enjoy your work again. In some cases, there may not be an option for a reprieve in your current position. 
 Am I being paid enough? 
 It's not always about the money but being fairly compensated is always a factor. Based on your performance, growth and industry standards, determine if you're making enough money. Factor in your workload and anything extra you do to help the team. More money won't solve your problems, but a raise can allow your company to express their gratitude for all the work you do. 
 An employment agency with you in mind 
 If your answers showed it's time for a new job, consider working with a staffing agency that's changing expectations. Put your clerical skills or experience in light industrial, manufacturing or warehouse operations to good use when you find your perfect career with Workbox Staffing.  Jumpstart your job search  with us today! 
 
 May 30, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Cant-Stop-Looking-at-the-Clock-Maybe-Its-Time-for-a-New-Job.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-05-30 11:00:032019-05-21 13:23:00Can't Stop Looking at the Clock? Maybe It's Time for a New Job. 
 
 Should You Put That Job Offer on Hold?   
 Job Search 
 When you receive a job offer after months of searching and interviewing, the temptation is to immediately say yes without a second thought. After all, you've achieved the goal, haven't you? Technically yes, but there are other factors to consider before accepting. 
 
 When to put an offer on hold 
 Obviously, if you receive the offer for the job you're most excited about, saying yes is a no-brainer. It becomes trickier when you realize the company that wants to hire you isn't your top choice, or maybe even in your top five. You don't want to lose your chance at employment, but  you also don't want to settle . 
 Figure out why your yes isn 't immediate 
 If you had reservations, take some time to think through what else you want from an offer. This can help you dispel any of your fears and accept or realize why you have to say no. It could be there's another position or potential offer and you want more time to see if it will become a reality for you. No matter your reason for needing more time, you need to handle your ask appropriately. 
 Express your gratitude for the offer 
 Failing to respond to the employer in a proper manner can cost you the opportunity. If the employer feels you aren't interested, they may withdraw it all together and move on, leaving you with nothing. Make sure it's clear you're excited and you just need some extra time to make your decision. 
 Instead of demanding a specific amount of time, ask the company what they can give. This way you're being respectful and not presenting an entitled attitude. If the hold is granted, leave the conversation on good terms and make sure you follow up in time. 
 During your time thinking, consider reaching out to your other opportunities for an update on their timeline and to explain your situation. This may count you out of the running or put pressure on the company to make a decision, especially if they're primarily interested in you. 
 Making the decision 
 At the end of the day, only you can know if you should put an offer on and then decide whether you should accept or deny. If your circumstances don't change, it's up to you to decide whether you take this opportunity or keep waiting for something you feel is better. 
 Empower yourself for a better tomorrow 
 Instead of worrying that something isn't the right opportunity, partner with Workbox Staffing to make sure you're getting connected to the job that's perfect for you.  Request a call today  to take your next step! 
 
 May 1, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Should-You-Put-That-Job-Offer-On-Hold.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-05-01 11:00:112019-05-21 13:25:58Should You Put That Job Offer on Hold? 
 
 Create Your Own Luck & Get the Job You Want Today!   
 Job Search ,  Professional Development 
 It's the time of year when people are thinking more about luck, but that isn't the best strategy when trying to land your dream job. Instead of wearing your lucky socks or listening to your lucky song before your next interview, try these tried-and-tested suggestions to create your own luck in the job search. 
 
 Don 't wait to apply 
 When you're casually browsing for jobs, you might find and save an opportunity you love, putting it away until you have time to apply. This might make sense for your schedule but waiting too long can diminish your chances of getting noticed. 
 Experts vary in their opinion of how long is too long to wait, but some agree it should be within three days of when the job is posted. This means when you're searching and see a job, look to see how long ago it was posted. Based on that timing, determine how long you have. It might be worth rearranging a few things to get the application done now. 
 Research shows that applications received within the first week are most likely to be considered because all others may slip to the bottom of the pile. Additional studies support that Tuesday is the best day to submit an application, so try your best to align your efforts and timing to increase your luck. 
 Use the keywords that make a difference 
 In today's hiring process, the first step to getting your resume in front of a hiring manager is to pass an electronic gatekeeper known as an applicant tracking system or ATS. Its job is to scan resumes for the keywords an employer feels most relevant to the position. Even if a company doesn't use an ATS, there's likely a person scanning resumes for the right words. 
 What this means for you is if you don't use the best keywords on your resume, it won't matter how good or relevant your experience is because it won't get noticed. Take the time before applying to read through the description carefully and incorporate industry keywords into your resume to help yourself stand out. 
 Take the time to write a cover letter 
 Writing cover letters, especially unique and personalized ones, takes time. It's tempting to simply update an old or generic letter with the details from this position but doing so can hurt your chances. Even if you aren't required, taking the time to write a letter and explain who you are and how you can benefit the company can show you took the extra initiative to stand out and show what you can do. 
 Work with a staffing agency 
 Some of the best luck you can give yourself is working with a staffing agency. Partnering with Workbox Staffing means you have a recruiter on your side to help you match your unique skills to the best opportunities for you. Our connections can get you into a company and give you the edge you need. Whether you're looking for work in a light industrial, manufacturing, warehouse operations or clerical setting, we can help you.  Apply online today  and get started today! 
 
 March 13, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Create-Your-Own-Luck-and-Get-The-Job-You-Want-Today.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-03-13 11:00:062019-05-21 13:31:19Create Your Own Luck & Get the Job You Want Today! 
 
 How to Pass Your Background Check in 3… 2… 1…   
 Job Search ,  Professional Development 
 Many employers today will do a background check to some extent in order to verify the information you provided. It can be as simple as contacting employers and references to verify when you worked where and what type of employee you are to as in-depth as a complete background check with criminal and credit record checks. 
 The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) requires employers to get permission from candidates before conducting a background check, but this isn't the time to begin preparing. Look for information in the job posting or application about the possibility of a background check and  begin your prep to make sure you pass . 
 
 Complete your own background check. 
 One of the best ways to avoid being surprised check is to do a background check on yourself. This way, you're aware of anything that might come up and you can be forthcoming in your conversations with the employer so isn't a surprise to them, either. 
 Court and criminal records. 
 If you've had a run in with the law in the past, look into your records to verify the information is correct. Based on this, decide if any follow-up is needed with the court to update a now-expunged criminal record or reduced charges. The same goes for civil court records. 
 Credit report. 
 Something glaringly bad on your credit report can leave you out of the running for many jobs, so checking ahead of time can prepare you for any conversations around the report and give you a chance to defend it, if necessary.  Equifax, TransUnion, and Experian are all required to give you reports for free , so you can cross reference and verify using these three reports. 
 Driving record. 
 This is especially important if any sort of driving or travel is going to be a part of your job. The company will check your driving record before allowing you behind the wheel, so you want to know what they may find. 
 Online presence. 
 A quick Google search will show what's been said of you online. Check for your name in news stories, blog posts, and even your own social media. Make sure an employer isn't going to find something unsavory in your digital history. 
 Always be honest. 
 Once you know what your background check will reveal about you to an employer, you know how to be honest with them during the interview. Failing to have your storyline up with the facts can be a one-way ticket to rejection. Even with your experience, skill, and certifications, you want to be honest because these too can be verified and a lie will cost you the job. 
 Empower yourself for a better tomorrow. 
 At Workbox Staffing, we're an employment agency with you in mind. We know not everyone can do what you do, so we pair you with a personalized career coach who will learn about and understand your exact set of skills to make sure we find the perfect job for you. Contact  our knowledgeable team members  today and begin your journey to a better tomorrow. 
 
 March 6, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/How-To-Pass-Your-Background-Check.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-03-06 11:00:242019-05-21 13:33:57How to Pass Your Background Check in 3… 2… 1… 
 
 Land a Job Today with Your Job Search Checklist   
 Job Search 
 No matter what spurred the decision, you know when it’s time to find a new job. Ongoing frustration or desire for change can lead you to rush into the process, but landing a job is easier when you follow this  job search checklist  designed to help you succeed. 
 1. Determine what you want to do 
 Before you can get any ball rolling, you need to decide where you want it to go. If staying in the same field is right for you, it’s easy to jump right into the following steps. If not, make sure you take time to figure out exactly what you want to do so you can prepare everything to represent your new career path. 
 2. Update your professional materials 
 Once you’re sure where you want to go, take time to update your resume. This can be as simple as some date changes or a complete cosmetic overhaul. Make sure it represents what you’re capable of in an easy-to-understand format and shows your career progression. If you’re trying to move to a new field, tie in your skills from your current career to what you’ll need in your new pursuit. 
 Next, update your cover letter. While this item is tailored based on the specific job you’re applying for, you can get the basics updated, such as experience and what you’re trying to do in your career. Once everything is updated, review the materials and send them to others for editing help. One of the easiest ways to disqualify yourself is to include a typo, so don’t speed through editing. 
 3. Adjust your social media 
 Similar to updating your professional materials, don’t forget to make sure your LinkedIn reflects the most current information about your career, projects, experience, etc. Reach out to colleagues and ask for endorsements and recommendations. 
 Don’t forget to clean up your other social profiles. Remember – you want what you post to make you seem like a desirable candidate. This doesn’t mean you have to delete everything, just the posts that can call into question your professionalism and responsibility. 
 4. Begin your search 
 Now it’s finally time to start looking for jobs! Use every resource at your disposal to find opportunities and companies that align with where you’re trying to go. Attend conferences and networking events and reach out to friends and colleagues to inquire about opportunities. Partnering with headhunters and recruiters can help you speed up the process and get matched with a position perfect for you. 
 We’ll find the job that’s perfect for you 
 At Workbox Staffing, we understand that employees are more than bodies in a job and not everyone is suited for the same thing. That’s why we pair you with a personalized career coach to listen to you and understands all of your skills. We’re an  employment agency with you in mind , and we’re here to place you in the right office, light industrial, manufacturing, and warehouse positions.  Check out our job board  today to see what options we have for you! 
 February 5, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-02-05 13:07:532019-05-21 13:35:36Land a Job Today with Your Job Search Checklist 
 
 10 Questions to Impress Your Interviewer   
 Job Search ,  Professional Development 
 A job interview is like a normal conversation with higher stakes. It’s a back and forth between you and the interviewer, where they want to learn more about you, and you want to learn more about the position and company. Because of this, the questions you ask at the end of the interview are essential. To make sure you impress the interviewer, consider  asking these 10 questions . 
 What are the most important qualities for the person who fills this position? 
 This can provide insight beyond the basic description. Here you can learn more about the type of person who will fit in with their culture and decide if it’s a good fit for you. 
 Please tell me a little bit more about the day-to-day of this role 
 Here you learn more about the role and the skills that are required. By learning what you’d be doing on a daily basis, you can offer additional information to show how you would make a good fit based on your experience. 
 What is your company culture like? 
 Understanding the company culture prior to being hired will help you determine whether you’ll fit in and succeed. Depending on your situation, this may help you decide between accepting the job or passing for another opportunity. 
 As far as this department goes, what do you feel are the biggest opportunities and challenges? 
 When you ask this, you show the employer you’re dedicated to learning all you can and applying your skills to help continue its success. 
 Who is your top competitor and why? 
 Your pre-interview research should’ve made this clear but asking provides insight into the employer’s mind. You can even offer some of what you learned when asking to show you’ve done your research and are looking to learn more. 
 Where is your company going? 
 A healthy company is growing, so an insight into a five-year plan can help you decide whether there is a future for you. 
 **** Are there opportunities for growth in the company? 
 You don’t want to give the impression you’re always looking for the next opportunity, but this question can help you evaluate your own potential and show an employer you’re willing to be loyal. 
 What do you like best about working here? 
 With this, you can learn more about the culture and see a more personal side to your interviewer and their feelings about their workplace. 
 What are the next steps? 
 This shows you’re interested in continuing the pursuit of the position. By knowing the timeline, you can follow up based on what you’re told, so you don’t come off as overzealous. 
 How am I compared to others you’ve interviewed? 
 This is a bold question and should be asked on a case-by-case basis, depending on their hiring process and how you felt the interview went. 
 Let us find the job that’s perfect for you 
 Visit our job board  or  request a call  today to begin your journey with Workbox Staffing! 
 February 3, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/4-Ways-to-Show-Confidence-in-an-Interview-Without-Being-Cocky.jpg 628 1200 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-02-03 13:04:002019-11-13 15:01:5810 Questions to Impress Your Interviewer 
 
 Applying for a Job Cross Country? Here’s How to Approach the Application   
 Job Search 
 Looking for a job in a different state can be an exciting experience. You’re likely trying to make the jump to be closer to someone you love, work in a hub for your chosen field or simply explore a new opportunity.  Moving cross country for a job  is intriguing, but it’s important to consider the following when approaching the application. 
 Be honest about your location 
 As tempting as it may be to hide the fact you aren’t a local candidate, honesty is always the best policy. If it’s going to be a disqualification, it will either be immediate or later after time and effort have been spent from both parties. Disclose your plans to move in the cover letter to show the employer you’re serious about the transition. 
 Explain your reason 
 Why you plan to move is almost as important as the move itself. An employer wants to see that you’re making a long-term change instead of a flighty decision. Making a move on a whim for a change of scenery will likely disqualify you early, but showing you have real connections to a city, like family, college or professional networks, will work in your favor. 
 Prepare yourself for video conferencing 
 Video conferencing makes out-of-state interviewing easier because you can have what feels like a face-to-face meeting without making the trek. If you’ve set up an online video using a service such as Zoom, Skype or Google Hangouts, make sure you understand how the software works prior to beginning the interview. Don’t forget to carefully plan your outfit – just because you’re interviewing remotely, the standards of dress still apply. 
 Take advantage of connections 
 Referrals are an easy way to get your name into consideration for an out-of-state position. Asking your contact for an introduction can bridge the gap between you and an employer and provide an initial endorsement that can get you an interview. 
 Visit the city 
 At some point, you will have to spend time in the new city for interviews, residence hunting, etc. Give yourself several weeks, if possible, where you can acclimate to the city and make yourself available for any interviews that come up suddenly. 
 Make the move easier with Workbox Staffing 
 Workbox understands that every job and client are different, and we’re dedicated to partnering with you to find the right fit, whether it’s five minutes down the road of 1,000 miles across the country. Whether your career is in clerical work, warehouse operations, manufacturing or the light industrial industry, we have the perfect opportunity for you. Contact one of our  staffing experts  today to begin your move! 
 January 3, 2019/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2019-01-03 13:13:212019-05-21 13:39:10Applying for a Job Cross Country? Here’s How to Approach the Application 
 
 5 Answers You Can Prepare Before Walking Into an Interview   
 Job Search 
 You can’t know exactly what to expect when you go into a job interview. Each company will take a different approach and you’ll be in varying environments. While you can’t be sure of every specific, there are a few questions you can prepare for in advance. Here are  five answers to prepare before you get asked during an interview . 
 “Tell me about yourself” 
 Despite knowing yourself, this question might suddenly make you feel like an empty shell if you aren’t properly prepared. This is the broadest version of the question, so it’s important to note the employer usually wants to know about your career and the relevant skills you bring based on your experience to this role. Practice explaining your career before each interview, tailoring it to the specific position. If you’re caught off guard, you may talk too much about personal interests and hobbies, instead of what’s relevant to the job. 
 “What is your biggest strength/weakness?” 
 It’s common to be told you should turn your weakness into a strength, but there’s a better way to play the question. When discussing your strengths, tie them directly into the position and how they’ll help you do a great job. 
 Switching to weakness, you want to use something they would absolutely not affect your work at this company. Be clear in explaining so your interviewer doesn’t spend his or her time imagining the worst-case scenario. It’s important to be honest with both these questions, but you don’t need to rattle off every weakness that might impede you doing your job. 
 “Why did you/why are you leaving your last job?” 
 This is an answer you need to have nailed down. If it wasn’t under the best conditions, you want to explain it well, without going into too much detail. It’s important to showcase the shifts in your career and why you think this is the next right step, based on previous positions. 
 “What do you know about this company?” 
 Being asked this is both a question and an invitation. The interviewer wants to see how much research you’ve put in prior to the interview, but also what you do with it. Apply what you know about the company to your own interests to help you show why you’re so passionate about the position. 
 “What questions do you have?” 
 Even if the interviewer did a fantastic job of answering any questions you might’ve had, you need to make sure you come in with other options, just in case. The more prepared you are, the more it can show the company you’re interested. 
 Take the Next Step 
 If you’re ready to be bold and empower yourself for a better tomorrow,  apply to Workbox Staffing today . We connect the best employees to top employers for work in light industrial, warehouse operations, manufacturing and clerical settings. 
 December 3, 2018/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2018-12-03 12:54:032019-05-21 14:23:165 Answers You Can Prepare Before Walking Into an Interview 
 [](https://www.workboxstaffing.com/job-search-myths/ ""5 Job Search Myths You Need to Be Aware Of"") 
 "5 Job Search Myths You Need to Be Aware Of"  
 Job Search 
 It can be easy to let the job search get the best of you, especially when you enter it with unrealistic expectations. Instead of a practical approach, you believe the myths that the perfect job is waiting for you and when you find it, your resume will land directly on the hiring manager's desk. It's true anything can happen, but you need to be aware of these  5 job search myths  in order to give yourself the best chance of success. 
 Read more 
 November 14, 2018/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2018-11-14 11:00:002019-05-21 13:43:42"5 Job Search Myths You Need to Be Aware Of" 
 [](https://www.workboxstaffing.com/what-to-wear-to-an-interview/ ""What the Heck Do I Wear to an Interview?"") 
 "What the Heck Do I Wear to an Interview?"  
 Job Search ,  Professional Development 
 < /iframe> 
 Dressing for the job you want is a common suggestion when it comes to interview attire, but figuring out what it actually means can be confusing. At the basic level, you understand it's about looking nicer than your usual outfit selection, but that still leaves room for interpretation. Instead of overthinking it, consider these  basic guidelines for what to wear to a job interview . 
 Read more 
 November 5, 2018/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2018-11-05 09:00:002019-05-21 13:56:29"What the Heck Do I Wear to an Interview?" 
 Page 3 of 7 ‹ 1 2 3 4 5 › » 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
