the void 
 narking off the state since 2005 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Donate 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Streatham Jobcentre 
 Streatham Jobcentre Besieged By Protesters Demanding No Forced Treatment 
 Posted on  June 26, 2015  by  johnny void  |  127 comments 
 Around 100 people marched on Streatham Jobcentre today in a fantastic start to the fight against forced psychological treatments for unemployed, sick and disabled claimants. 
 Protesters gathered in Streatham Memorial Gardens with many carrying banners showing the growing anger at the collaboration of mental health workers and charities with the DWP's workfare and benefit sanctions regime. At just after 2pm the protest took to the streets, taking over the busy road before fnally arriving outside the Jobcentre which now also contains much of Lambeth's mental health services. 
 The ever present G4S security guards blocked campaigners from entering the Jobcentre, with one member of staff informing the amused crowd that there were no jobs available today. What bungling Jobcentre workers didn't realise is that several people were already inside the building where they proceeded to disrupt the opening party of the so-called Living Well Network Hub  and hung a banner out of the window to large cheers from the crowd. 
 The message from those present was clear. The threatened forced psychological treatments pledged in the Tory Manifesto will be fought every step of the way - and any charities or healthcare professionals who collaborate with this unethical practice will also be held to account. The re-locating of vast swathes of local mental health services in the Jobcentre building was also the target of anger - a move carried out without any public consultation and which suggests a chilling future for mental health service delivery in Lambeth. 
 According to The Guardian , the DWP are now denying that Streatham will be one of the pilot areas for the upcoming scheme which will eventually see therapists stationed in 350 Jobcentres. Apparently the department made a mistake when they said this would be the case. South London and Maudsley NHS Trust are also spinning fast, claiming there are no plans for 'formal' links between the new Living Well Network Hub  and the Jobcentre. 
 A  press release by homelessness charity Thamesreach , who are part of the network of agencies running the project, reveals a very different story however. According to them the Hub brings together voluntary sector providers, GPs, psychiatrists, nurses, occupational therapists and social workers with Streatham Jobcentre Plus staff. The intention, according to the charity, is _" specialist mental health services operating alongside Jobcentre Plus Staff" _with the _ "common goal of improving health and well-being and helping people to get back to, or stay in, work." _And that is why the project was recently visited by not just Iain Duncan Smith, but the former DWP Minister for Disabled People Mark Harper. They must think we are fucking idiots if they expect us to believe this is all just some big coincidence. _ 
_ 
 The protest was called by the  Mental Health Resistance Network , whilst campaigners were also present from  Kilburn Unemployed Workers ,  Boycott Workfare  and  Disabled People Against Cuts . Those speaking at the protest warned this was just the beginning. Forced treatment, of any kind, for anybody, will be ferociously resisted. And therapists, charities and mental health workers should get the fuck out of Jobcentres and refuse to participate in DWP attempts to rebrand unemployment as a psychological defect. 
 Boycott Workfare will be back on the streets tomorrow for the day of action against workfare exploiters B&M Stores,  check their website for details. 
 This blog has no sources of funding so here’s a quick reminder that you can help ensure it continues by making a donation. 
 Join me on facebook  or follow me on twitter  @johnnyvoid 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 127 Comments 
 Posted in  Fighting Back ,  JSA/Workfare/Work Programme ,  Tory Scum 
 Tagged  Lambeth Living Well Network Hub ,  Streatham Jobcentre ,  thamesreach 
 Unemployment Is Not Caused By Unemployed People: Keep The Psychocrats Out Of Jobcentres 
 Posted on  June 24, 2015  by  johnny void  |  180 comments 
 
 When I click my fingers you will wake up, and all your benefits will have been stopped. 
 There are some things which need nipping in the bud. Forced psychological treatment for unemployed people is one of them. As is the attempt by the DWP to reframe unemployment as a psychological defect or the result of a 'negative' attitude. 
 Unemployment is caused by a lack of jobs. According to the  Office for National Statistics , there are currently 1.81 million unemployed people of working age. In addition to this there are 2.34 million people who are economically inactive and want a job, but do not meet the strict definition of unemployed. This just means they either haven't actively looked for a job in the last four weeks or would be unable to start a job within two weeks. There are also 1.44 million people who are working part time because they could not find a full time job. That's over five and a half million people who are under-employed or out of work completely. 
 Even this doesn't tell the full story. There is a growing number of people on sickness or disability benefits, as well as lone parents with children under 5, who are expected to prepare and look for work. There are people over pensionable age who are looking for jobs, as well as college and even school students. There are those who've dropped through the gaps altogether and neither feature in the counts of people claiming benefits or are likely to fill in the Labour Force Survey from which the unemployment figures are drawn. There are 86,000 prisoners, waiting to join the dole queue on their release. 
 Equally importantly there is now a European wide labour market. This does not necessarily decrease the overall supply of jobs - immigration also creates jobs, you only need to step into a Polish supermarket to see that. But it does mean that the millions of people in the UK looking for jobs are joined by many more from overseas. There is ample evidence of greedy employers only advertising jobs in Eastern Europe as they know they can get away with offering lower wages. Despite triumphant Tory claims that there are more people in work than ever before, the number of people born in the UK with jobs actually fell slightly in the latest quarter. 
 All of these people, millions in the UK alone, are chasing just 734,000 vacancies - and the number of jobs available also fell during the last period. Of course people in work, who are looking to change jobs, are also chasing those vacancies. To suggest, when work is so scarce, that unemployment is caused by unemployed people, is offensive and absurd. The truth is that the tiny minority who don't want a job, who may be carers, volunteers, artists or just too ill to work, are doing everyone else a favour. If you don't agree then why not give up your own job so someone unemployed can take it. 
 On Friday a demonstration is due to be held in Streatham where mental health workers are to be brought into the Jobcentre. The Government aplans to introduce Improving Access to Psychological Therapies (IAPT) therapists into 350 Jobcentres as well providing online Cognitive Behavior Therapy to unemployed, sick and disabled people. They announced before the election that they soon intend to force some claimants to undergo psychological treatment or their benefits will be stopped. This will require significant changes in the law and a Full Employment and Welfare Benefits Bill was announced in the Queen's Speech. This is not a done deal, there is still time to fight it, and that fight begins on Friday. 
 Please help spread the word about this protest and come if you can. Already happy-clappy DWP managers are  turning Jobcentres into cults , wittering on endlessly about being positive whilst actually making everyone feel like shit. Behind the scenes shadowy 'behavioral insight' teams are dreaming up yet more harassment of unemployed people based on the flimsiest of evidence. The rise of the Psychocrat, using psychological therapies to control, not cure, must be halted. A defiant and well attended demonstration this Friday is vital, to show the DWP that this is a line we will not let them cross. 
 The facebook page for Fridays protest is at:  https://www.facebook.com/events/1632671646970164/  Please share, tweet, blog and make sures everyone knows this is taking place and why. 
 An important paper by Dr Lynne Friedli and Robert Stearn has also recently been published which explores the role of coercion and psychology in welfare-to-work and workfare schemes, you can read it at:  http://mh.bmj.com/content/41/1/40.full 
 This blog has no sources of funding so here’s a quick reminder that you can help ensure it continues by making a donation. 
 Join me on facebook  or follow me on twitter  @johnnyvoid 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 180 Comments 
 Posted in  JSA/Workfare/Work Programme ,  Welfare Reform 
 Tagged  IAPT ,  Streatham Jobcentre 
 Iain Duncan Smith's First Re-Education Centre To Open In Streatham Jobcentre 
 Posted on  June 3, 2015  by  johnny void  |  395 comments 
 Streatham Jobcentre is to become the home of Iain Duncan Smith's first Re-Education Centre where teams of gormless Jobcentre workers, psychiatrists, social workers and voluntary sector busy-bodies will team up to bully people with a mental health condition into low paid shit jobs as part of their 'recovery'. 
 The South London Jobcentre already contains a Living Well Community Hub* where  "   specialist mental health services operating alongside Jobcentre Plus staff are working together towards a common goal of improving health and well-being and helping people to get back to, or stay in, work. "  This is to be joined by a new Increased Access to Psychological Therapy (IAPT) team who, along with Jobcentre staff, will attempt to fix unemployed people with Cognitive Behavior Therapy and when that doesn't work probably just stop their benefits. 
 With forced psychological treatment already threatened for those claiming social security, and moves  to increase information sharing powers between Jobcentres and other agencies , these new centres represent the end of mental health services that people who are poor can actually trust. From now on only the naive or inexperienced will feel confident being open and honest with therapeutic staff knowing that a Jobcentre Work Coach is just next door waiting to sanction their benefits. Jobcentre staff, health assessors and charities have already been weaponised against unemployed, sick or disabled people, now nurses and psychiatric workers are also to be drafted into the unceasing war on the poor. 
 A consensus has emerged amongst politicians, charity bosses and think tanks that unemployment, homelessness or living in poverty are themselves evidence of psychological defects. That if you are unable to find a job - or even worse don't want one - then there must be something wrong with you, something that can be fixed. And if you are unemployed because you are sick, then becoming employed will cure you. It is utter fucking horseshit and flies in the face of the reality of a low pay economy where work is often bad for your health and four million people are chasing 700,000 jobs. 
 Those at the top of the Tory Party know what's really going on. That this is really a blueprint to demolish the welfare state and normalise both unpaid work and desperate poverty for those who can't find a job. That this will create the kind of ultra-competitive and savage society that bosses want to force down the wages and working conditions of everyone. All Iain Duncan Smith's welfare reforms are really about is just another wealth grab that will consolidate the power of the capitalist class - the bankers, landlords and business owners who once again think they fucking own us. And if anyone complains that our entire lives consist of nothing more then ceaseless, boring work to increase the wealth of the rich then they will be seen as deviant, in need of forced psychiatric treatment. Or left to starve. Either way they will be 'helped' to understand that poverty paid monotonous labour is good for you, and will make you happy and free. 
 A mass protest has been called by the Mental Health Resistance Network against the new Re-education Centre and which will march on Streatham Jobcentre on Friday June 26. Meet at 1:30pm in Streatham Memorial Garden,  more details on facebook, please share and spread the word! 
 *It comes as no surprise to find homelessness charity Thamesreach at the heart of this initiative , recently even welcoming Iain Duncan Smith himself to visit their  Community Options Team in the new centre. Thamesreach's strategy to end homelessness has long been to make the lives of homeless people as difficult as possible in the hope that this will cure them. This is the so-called charity that  warns people not to give money to beggars because they are all druggies , that thinks  increasing the price of Special Brew will stop people being alcoholics , that has teams of outreach workers  harassing homeless migrants by telling them to go back to where they came from  and who teamed up with Tory Westminster Council in their  failed attempt to criminalise feeding homeless people.  Whilst Thamesreach has been pursuing these policies the number of street homeless people has doubled in the capital. You can see why they would get along with Iain Duncan Smith whose attempts to fix poverty by making the poor poorer have only succeeded in creating more poverty. 
 This blog has no sources of funding so here’s a quick reminder that you can help ensure it continues by making a donation. 
 Join me  on facebook  or follow me on twitter  @johnnyvoid 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 395 Comments 
 Posted in  DWP ,  Poverty 
 Tagged  IAPT ,  Streatham Jobcentre 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 With Coronavirus Around The Corner It's Time To Scrap Sanctions And Brutal Benefit Assessments 
 Climate Chaos Is Class War And No-one Should Be Telling Us How To Fight It 
 What's Wrong With Woman's Place? 
 Simon Chapman, A Very Distinguished Fucking Anarchist 
 Sanction Low Paid Worker's Benefits To #solveukpoverty Say The Joseph Rowntree Foundation 
 Hunger, Homelessness and Despair, The Stark Reality of the Benefit Cap 
 DPAC Week of Action - September 4th-10th. #RightsNotGames 
 The Working Class Is Back In The Game, Let's Make Sure We Fucking Stay There 
 What A Shambles, Lord Fraud's Budgeting Support Trials An Embarrassing, Expensive Flop 
 Shocking Transphobia From Evangelical Group Linked To Stephen Crabb 
 Stephen Crabb Sits On Council Of Gay Cure Church Front Group 
 Shades Of The Workhouse, Lord Fraud Hints At Mandatory Jobs Training In Hostels And Women's Refuges 
 To The Streets! Support The Cleaners Striking Against Corporate Property Vultures @CBRE 
 The Future Is There For The Taking, Now Is The Time To Wage Class War Against The Rich 
 New Disability Tests Are Even Worse Than First Feared, Join The Fightback On July 13th 
 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 @ Foreman1David  @ Docstockk  @ Transgendertrd  They have happily worked with organisations who openly promote anti-Semit…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   5 days ago 
 @ ProfAliceS  @ colwight  @ dr_ciaran  By anecdotally do you mean I just made this up?  1 week ago 
 @ joss_prior  Are we absolutely sure that Glinner hasn't just been an elaborate introduction to Ricky Gervais' latest project?  4 weeks ago 
 @ Billflows1  Happy birthday!  4 weeks ago 
 RT @ StrikeMapUK : 🚀 We are launching our  #strikemapuk  today Our map aims to: 📊 Document levels of strike action across the country 🤝 Shar…  4 weeks ago 
 Follow @johnnyvoid 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 DWP 
 ESA/Atos 
 Fighting Back 
 Housing and Homelessness 
 JSA/Workfare/Work Programme 
 PIP/Disability Cuts 
 Poverty 
 Tory Scum 
 Tory Sleaze 
 Uncategorized 
 Universal Credit 
 Welfare Reform 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Black Triangle Campaign 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   Boycott Workfare 
 
 Challenging Universal Credit and Conditionality Workshop – Anarchist Festival 2019 
 
 
 
 Why should everyone be taking action against Universal Credit (UC)? Want to know the facts about UC and how to avoid an early move to it? Want to find out how to minimise and challenge conditionality when claiming UC? Want to discuss what UC means politically? Then come along to our workshop on Sunday 2nd […] 
 
 
   Disabled People Against Cuts (DPAC) 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   Ipswich Unemployed Action 
 
 Universal Credit Cut: Real Issues are Low Benefits and Failing Social Security System. 
 
 
 
 This #UniversalCredit campaign is more than just about £20 or extending it to legacy benefits. Millions more now realise that social security is just not adequate & that there are big holes in provision. People not previously affected by austerity now understand #KeepTheLifeline — 𝙱𝚎𝚗 𝙲𝚕𝚊𝚒𝚖𝚊𝚗𝚝 💚 𝙹𝚘𝚒𝚗𝙰𝚄𝚗𝚒𝚘𝚗 (@imajsaclaimant) January 19, 2021 Thank […] […] 
 
 
   Kate Belgrave 
 
 Site maintenance 
 
 
 
  [Kilburn Unemployed Workers Group](http://kilburnunemployed.blogspot.com/ "Self-help support vs ravages of 'welfare reform'. Never attend anywhere official alone! 
 
 
 This blog currently focuses on national policy matters that impact upon KUWG members. 
 Kilburn Unemployed Workers Group as a group focuses primarily on combating benefits injustices locally through advocacy in individuals' benefit claims, and demonstrations that emphasise that there is hope when we come together. We are more angry than frightened.") 
 * [xmas closure](http://kilburnunemployed.blogspot.com/2018/12/due-to-kingsgate-community-centre-being.html)
 
 Due to the Kingsgate Community Centre being closed over Xmas 2019 the last KUWG meeting for 2019 is Thursday 19th December, recommencing in 2020 Thursday 9th January. Happy Post-Election Xmas, if possible! 
 
 
   Network For Police Monitoring (NetPol) 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   Refuted 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 links 
 
 Access All Areas 
 Advisory Service For Squatters 
 Anarchist Federation 
 Anarchist Media Project 
 Andy Worthington 
 Another Angry Voice 
 Beastrabban 
 Cautiously pessimistic 
 Classroom War 
 Combat Bedroom Tax 
 Consent.me.uk 
 Eroding Empire 
 False Economy 
 Fit Watch 
 Freedom Press 
 Infantile Disorder 
 Izzy Koksal 
 Kate Belgrave 
 Larry Gambone 
 Latent Existence 
 Libcom 
 Martin Lux 
 Matt Salusbury 
 Partyvibe 
 Rabble 
 Rentergirl 
 Rosanne Rabinowitz 
 Sabcat 
 Schnews 
 Slutocracy 
 Solidarity Federation 
 South Essex Heckler 
 SPeye 
 The Iron Bridge 
 UK Indymedia 
 UK Uncut 
 Urban 75 
 Vox Political 
 Welfare News Service 
 Where's The Benefit 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month March 2020  February 2020  February 2017  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007  September 2007  August 2007  July 2007  May 2007  April 2007  March 2007  February 2007  January 2007  December 2006  November 2006  October 2006  September 2006  August 2006  July 2006  June 2006  May 2006  April 2006  March 2006  February 2006  January 2006  December 2005  November 2005  July 2004 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
