  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cheshire, England 
 Rate:  £9.00 - £9.10 per hour 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Driver Cheshire - 
 Calling all Drivers in the Cheshire area. 
 Our Client in the NHS are looking for experienced Drivers, with elements of Maintenance and also warehouse work. 
 Please see below. 
Rate of Pay: £9.00 PAYE 
Hours of Works: 37.5 
8am-4pm 
Job Duties: 
To drive the Trusts vehicle(s) in order to provide a delivery, collection, maintenance and distribution service 
 To ensure the safe storage, maintenance, decontamination and provision/collection assembling and fitting of stocks/equipment 
 To install equipment in service users homes accurately assembling and fitting with due regard to manufacturer's instructions and Health and Safety requirements. 
 To disassemble equipment, safely, when requested to collect and return. 
 To undertake the planned preventive maintenance programme (PAT testing) and for providing a first line repair service, including fault finding, for the community equipment service, supplied to clients for home use. 
 To undertake fault finding and reactive maintenance in clients home if safe to do so. 
 To facilitate the best use of stock through performing effective quality control and extended stores duties 
 To work as part of a team dedicated to the provision of an efficient client oriented logistic service to include manning of the front service desk 
 To support the Trusts postal service by collecting and delivering post, blood spots, phlebotomy specimens, medical gases and undertake ad hoc work, to ensure business continuity across both equipment services and postal services. 
 This duty would only be required following emergent need and will not form a regular duty. 
  Applicants should be confident in their own abilities and keen learners in order to fulfil the role to the best of your ability. 
 If this sounds like you, and if you want to discuss the role further then please contact Matt at Service Care Solutions Ltd on 01772 208953, or alternatively send an updated CV to Matt.Clarke@servicecare.org.uk 
 The Benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
, £250 training allowance 
, Excellent pay rates 
, Exceptional referral bonuses 
, Specialist's Non-Medical Non Clinical consultants offering single point of contact 
, Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, Nationwide provider of staff to cover over 40 different NHS trust and private organisations 
, DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £9.00 - £9.10 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Cheshire, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 953 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Case Progression and Assurance Manager 
 Service Administrator  
 Support Worker  
 CAMHS Mental Health Practitioner 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
