
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Senior Front-End Developer. Deloitte Digital. New York, NY, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 Deloitte Digital, part of Deloitte’s Advertising, Marketing & Commerce offering, is a full-service interactive marketing and advertising agency. We are a collection of artists, analysts, strategists, engineers, writers, makers, business-builders, designers, doers, and dreamers united by our belief in the power of creativity to Elevate the Human Experience. With offices in Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, and Seattle, we work alongside broader Deloitte to solve our clients’ toughest challenges and redefine how business gets done. 
 Do you have superb technical skills and a knack for translating highly technical concepts to clients and cross-discipline team members? Are you a creative problem solver and strategic thinker with a passion for delivering pixel perfect product? If so, we’re looking for a Senior Front End Developer to join our highly collaborative team focused on developing cutting-edge, cross-platform web applications. 
 Work you’ll do 
• Develop cutting-edge web applications that perform superbly across all platforms. 
• Work in a highly collaborative environment with cross-functional teams on projects ranging from a few weeks to a few months in length. 
• Clearly and concisely communicate highly technical challenges and solutions to client and non-technical team members. 
• Maintain high standard of quality as you creatively and strategically problem solve throughout the product delivery process. 
• Be able to effectively communicate your work with both technical and non-technical peers 
• Be excited about new web technologies/techniques 
• Build solid back-end architectures that integrate easily with other systems and technologies 
• Understand design patterns and write reusable, modular code 
• Working closely with other disciplines (Front-end, UX, Design, QA) 
• Have a superior attention to detail and a strong ability to Q/A one’s own work required, including cross-browser and cross-platform displays and performance 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7638-deloitte-digital-senior-front-end-developer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Agility.js, JavaScript, Python 
 Date Posted 
 November 3, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Melissa Sweeney 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Sweet office 
 
 Fine Print 
 Required Qualifications: 
 • 4+ years building modern web applications/sites in a professional environment 
• Minimum of 4 years in semantic HTML5 and CSS3, and comfortable with preprocessors 
• Minimum of 4 years with JavaScript and proficient in at least one modern JavaScript framework (e.g. React, Vue.js, AngularJS) – including the ability to work with remote APIs and third-party web services, loading data asynchronously, understanding state management, using JavaScript templates and dynamic views 
• Comfortable with version control, preferably Git 
• Proficient in responsive design development methodologies and best practices 
• Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
• Ability to work independently, with minimal supervision and guidance 
• Experience using Docker to package and deploy web applications 
• Experience with cloud-based web services and database systems (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure) 
• Familiarity with server-side programming (e.g. Node.js, Python) 
• Experience customizing Content Management Systems 
• Experience working in an agile environment 
• Background in user experience and/or design 
• Involvement in open source projects 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
