__ 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 WordPress 
 
 Themes 
 Plugins 
 Tutorials 
 View All 
 
 
 
     50+ Best Free WordPress Themes 2021 
 June 9, 2019 
     8 Best WordPress Image Optimizer Plugins 
 July 3, 2019 
     10 Best WordPress Caching Plugin in 2021 
 May 28, 2019 
     10 Best SEO Plugins for WordPress in 2021 
 May 4, 2019 
     SiteGround vs Bluehost 2021 
 August 19, 2019 
     On-Page SEO Checklist: Perfectly Optimized Page 2021 
 August 10, 2019 
     How to Start a Blog in 2021 
 July 31, 2019 
     8 Best WordPress Image Optimizer Plugins 
 July 3, 2019 
     50+ Best Free WordPress Themes 2021 
 June 9, 2019 
     10 Best WordPress Caching Plugin in 2021 
 May 28, 2019 
     10 Best SEO Plugins for WordPress in 2021 
 May 4, 2019 
     Best WordPress Hosting Providers in 2021 
 March 15, 2019 
 __Previous __Next 
 
  Hosting 
 
     Start Your Blog in Minutes with MilesWeb 
 November 29, 2019 
     SiteGround vs Bluehost 2021 
 August 19, 2019 
     Hostinger Reviews 2021 
 August 7, 2019 
     Top 10 Best Web Hosting Sites in 2021 
 May 19, 2019 
     Best Web Hosting For Small Business in 2021 
 May 1, 2019 
     Best Cheap Web Hosting Providers in 2021 
 April 30, 2019 
     Best WordPress Hosting Providers in 2021 
 March 15, 2019 
 __Previous __Next 
 
  SEO 
 
     The 25 Best SEO Tools You'll Need in 2021 
 November 20, 2019 
     How To Write SEO Friendly Blog Posts 
 September 23, 2019 
     The 7 Best Seo Tools To Monitor Site Performance 
 September 13, 2019 
     Google Nofollow Links Ranking Change 
 September 12, 2019 
     25 Off Page SEO Techniques & Trends in 2021 
 September 5, 2019 
     On-Page SEO Checklist: Perfectly Optimized Page 2021 
 August 10, 2019 
     8 Best WordPress Image Optimizer Plugins 
 July 3, 2019 
     20 Best WordPress SEO Tips for 2021 
 May 20, 2019 
     10 Best SEO Plugins for WordPress in 2021 
 May 4, 2019 
 __Previous __Next 
 
 
  HOW TO START A BLOG 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
   
 Blogging 
 25 Best Online Jobs For College Students 
 By  Deep  July 22, 2019 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Share 
  __ Share on Facebook     __ Share on Twitter     __ Pinterest     __ Tumblr     __ Email  
 Page Contents 
 
 20 Best Online Jobs for College Students in 2020
 
 1: Blogging 
 2: Freelance Writer 
 3: Social Media Manager 
 4: Online Tutor 
 5: Graphic Designer 
 6: Resume Writer 
 7: Web Developer 
 8: Dropshipper 
 9: Proofreader 
 10: Video Editor 
 11: Youtuber 
 12: Photographer 
 13: Virtual Assistant 
 14: Search Engine Evaluator 
 15: Website Testing 
 16: PowerPoint Presentation Designer 
 17: Transcriptionist 
 18: Teach English Online 
 19: Captioner 
 20: Survey Taker 
 
 
 Conclusion 
 
 Now a day everyone searches for an online job, The good news for college student because here are the top 25 best online jobs for college students. 
 Are you looking for the  best online jobs for college students ? If yes, then you are in the right place. 
 There might be so many reasons for which you are looking for a job. Probably you want to handle your own expenses; you want to fulfill your needs, you want to purchase something without any restriction, you want to pay tuition fees, etc. 
 Traditional jobs are tough for college students as you have to study for longer hours and these regular jobs will consume your huge amount of time, and you might start feeling exhausted because some jobs like delivery boy require a lot of hard work and efforts. 
 Start a Successful Money Making Blog 
 Traditional jobs are never an ideal choice for college students as you have to focus on studies. Just imagine if you will start feeling exhausted and tired by this work then can you study with full efficiency? Of course, no for most people. So online jobs might be the best option for you. 
 According to my, the best part of online jobs is that you can give time as per your wish and you can earn a pretty good amount by working in the comfort of your room. Isn't this ideal for you? 
 20 Best Online Jobs for College Students in 2020 
 Now you might be thinking about which online job should I do? Then don't worry, I bought a list of  20 Best online jobs for college students  , which will help you to choose the job which you like and Also, these online jobs will give you a good amount. 
 Here are the 25  Best Summer Job for College Students 
 Keep in mind to choose only those work which you like; if you don't like it, then you will discontinue it soon. So it's better to follow your interest and liking. 
 1: Blogging 
 Blogging is one of my favorite works because of its super flexibility that is ideal for college students. 
 You can work from anywhere you want according to your own comfort. Blogging is 
best jobs for college students. 
 You can start blogging if you have good writing skills. Just make sure that you have an interest in writing and explaining things. 
 How To Start a Blog 
 If you want to start your blogging carrier, then you have to set up a website. 
 You need a  Good Hosting Provider and a Domain Name . As you are starting, you can go with shared hosting, and I personally recommend Siteground, but you can go with any good shared hosting provider. You can get a domain at cheap from sites like Godaddy, just search for a coupon. 
 You can earn money in blogging by Ads, affiliate commission, and sponsorship. 
 The disadvantage of blogging is that it takes a lot of time to give you money. You might have to wait for years to earn some money. So if you are looking to earn part-time income fastly then sorry, blogging is not for you. 
 The best part of blogging is that it is a long term idea, which means that you have to wait, but it will give you a good amount of money in the long run. You can also make a very good carrier in the field of blogging. 
 I personally know so many bloggers, including myself, who are earning a superb amount of money by blogging. So for what you are waiting for? Just start blogging if you have good writing skills and of course interest. 
 2: Freelance Writer 
 In freelance writing, You have to write paid content for your clients, which can give you a very good amount. 
 You can work from any place where you feel comfortable. It might be your room, garden, etc. 
 Like blogging, It requires good writing skills, and I will only advise you to do this if you love writing about things. 
 Become a Freelance Writer 
 It has some advantages over blogging like you don't have to wait for years to earn money. You can earn money as you deliver the article to your client. You don't need to set up any website. You just have to write content and get paid for it. 
 The most difficult task in this field is finding clients. It's tough to find a client who can pay you because of high competition. I will advise you to try platforms like ** Upwork  **and  Fiverr  to find some work of writing articles. Make sure to keep your price low at starting, As you become more experienced and as your gig grows, you can increase your price. 
 If you want to make money without a job, our team finds  30 Best Ideas to Make Money Without a Job.  You can check out this idea and make **** $5000/mo  Easily. 
 I will advise you to make a portfolio website where you can showcase your past works with a beautiful presentation. It will surely impress your clients and will give you an extra boost. It requires hosting and domain, but it's worth taking for a portfolio. 
 3: Social Media Manager 
 You waste your so much time on social media but have you ever heard that you could earn a good amount by using Social media. 
 You might be thinking, what is the social media manager? The social media manager is the person who handles the presence of the brand in social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter. 
 Become a Social Media Influencer & Make Money Online 
 In simple terms, You have to promote the product or service of the brand in social media. 
 You have to create posts for the brand, reply to the comments, respond to the messages of people on behalf of the brand on their social media platform. 
 Before entering this job, make sure that you have an excellent influence skill because if you want to promote any brand effectively, a good influence skill is a must. 
   30 Internet Money Making Ideas  for Make Money Online, I have used some ideas to make money from home. 
 Being a college student will also give you boost because you are young, and most of the brand wants to hire young as their social media manager. 
 You can also handle this job from anywhere you feel comfortable that is a plus point for a college student. 
 I have one tip for you- You can start this carrier by approaching local brands. 
 Just imagine how beneficial is it for a local brand to build their online presence, which will help them a lot in branding. 
 This field has a good amount of money. According to PayScale, The average salary of a Social media manager in the USA is $45K per year. Isn't it impressive? But yes it might differ for you depending on the brand in which you work and other factors. 
 4: Online Tutor 
 You can earn a very good amount of money by teaching things online. 
 You can teach the things which you have learned in your academics. 
 Now you might ask that I am just a college student, I am still learning then how I can teach others? Well, my friend, you can teach the students of lower classes. 
 Start Teaching Online & Get $10000 Online 
 If you cant teach academic things, then don't worry because academic learning is not everything. 
 You can also teach skills like Digital marketing, programming, music, etc. Just teach the skills in which you are an expert. 
 Also, make sure that you have good skills in explaining things easily because it matters the most when you are teaching someone else. You must have all the skills in explanation that a good teacher has. 
 Online education is growing day by day, and its better than offline methods. In the future, it may outrank all the offline methods of learning. So yeah its future proof and you can make a good carrier in it. 
 Now you might be thinking that in which platform I can teach things to earn money. There are a lot of platforms. You can also teach stuff on youtube and can make a good amount by  AdSense . You can teach in platforms like Tutor.com. 
 also, make an online course, and it can give you a good amount too. You can try popular platforms like udemy where you can create a course on the thing in which you are an expert. 
 5: Graphic Designer 
 Graphics designing is one of the best jobs for a creative person. 
 In this job, you have to create logos, social media banners, business cards, etc. for small to big businesses. 
 Graphics designing is a very flexible job, as you can work from anywhere, you feel comfortable. If you are doing freelance graphics designing, then you can give time according to yourself. 
 Become a Graphic Designer & Make Money Online 
 Big companies also hire graphics designers but it's better for a college student to do freelance graphics designing so that you can give proper time to academics. 
 You can also pursue Graphics designing as a carrier as there is so much demand for a good Graphics designer. 
 Being a freelance graphic designer, you can charge according to yourself and can manage to earn a good amount. 
 You can use platforms like Fiverr and Upwork to get a good amount of clients. 
 I will suggest you make a beautiful portfolio in which you can post your previous works because a portfolio really helps in attracting more clients. 
 In this job, you have to master yourself in tools like Photoshop, which you can use to create professional designs. 
 If you don't know anything then don't worry, you can easily learn graphics designing from platforms like udemy which will teach you graphics designing at a very low cost. You can also use youtube to learn graphics designing for free. 
 6: Resume Writer 
 I consider resume writing as one of the  best online jobs for college students  because you can earn a good amount in it while helping others. 
 Although Resume writing is a pretty easy work for most of the good writers but trust me, there are many people who can't write a good resume because they lack trust in their own, they can't tell their skills in a right and killer way, they can't proofread their resume, and there are so many reasons. 
 Resume Writer Job 
 You can solve their issue by writing a killer resume for them, and in return, you will get  50-75$  per resume on an average, which is a very good amount. 
 Make sure to do this job if you are good at writing and if you can present the skills in the best possible way and of course if you feel pretty comfortable while writing a resume. 
 Are you want to job online from LinkedIn? You can easily get an Online Job or Work from LinkedIn Community, Here are Simple 7 Steps   to Upload your Resume to LinkedIn Profile Section . 
 You might be thinking that I am just a college student, and I am not an expert in writing resumes then how I can write it for others? Then, my friend, there are a lot of useful resources on the internet. You can learn almost every skill from the internet. You can easily learn it by reading articles and by reading some good books. 
 Once you learn it, you can approach your friends for resume writing services who are looking for a job. 
 After writing some resumes, you can offer your service in online platforms such as freelancers and upwork. 
 7: Web Developer 
 In web development, you have to design websites so you can earn a good amount for it. 
 Web development is a very flexible job for college student as you can work from your home, and you can give time according to yourself, and because of this, you can focus on your academics. 
 Become a Software or Web Developer 
 For web development, you need to learn HTML & CSS at least for frontend and other coding languages for backend stuff. 
   Fiverr  is one of The Best Platform for getting Online Web Development Related Order, a Simple way to create Gig & get  $5 to $10,000  Order from Fiverr. 
 However, you can also make the site on WordPress for clients, which is super easy and doesn't require coding knowledge at all but if you want to be a pro web developer, then you have to learn to code. 
 If you want to learn web development, then you can learn it in cheap from udemy. There are so many good courses on youtube too from which you can learn web development for free. 
 You can earn a good amount for designing websites from freelancing platforms such as Fiverr, Upwork, and freelancers in which you have to make websites for the client. 
 You can also make a portfolio in which you can show your previous designed website, which will surely help you to increase your clients. 
 Some of you might be worried that now Web development is going to end because of WordPress, which allows everyone to create a website then don't worry. 
 Web development is never going to end because there are many who cant give time on designing a website, and a big brand will always rely on a web developer for a professional website. 
 Don't worry about the future of web development at all; you can pursue it as your carrier. 
 8: Dropshipper 
 Dropshipping is one of my favorite work for college students as it can give you a huge amount, and you can expand it too because it is a business. 
 In Dropshipping you have to open an online store, and then you have to sell products. Dropshipping is completely different from selling stuff online on platforms like amazon. 
 Start Drop Shipping & Get More Passive Income Online 
 If you are a seller on online platforms, you have to keep a huge amount of product in storage. .This results in a very big investment, which is almost impossible for college students. 
 Basically, in the dropshipping model, you will sell products in your online store, but they will be shipped by other brands means you don't need to touch the product. 
 Let me explain you, Suppose the cost of the watch in online platforms like Ali express is 20$ and you will add that watch in your online store with the price tag of 30$ and if someone buys then you will get the profit of 10$ or less because of PayPal fees and tax. I hope that this example will help you to understand the basics. 
 If you want to open your online store, then I prefer Shopify for creating it. It is the best platform for opening an online store for dropshippers. 
 If you want to learn about dropshipping, then I recommend flying start online youtube channel from which you can learn a dropshipping in a very easy way for free. 
 This dropshipping business requires an investment of approx 1000$, including ads. As a college student, this amount might be very high for you, and if you can't afford an invest of 1000$, then I will advise you to earn money from freelancing platforms to collect an amount for this business. 
 9: Proofreader 
 If you are an expert in grammar, then the job of proofreading might be perfect for you. 
 In this work, you have to correct the grammatical mistakes of an article like punctuation, spelling, and grammatical errors. 
 Some of you might be thinking, Ok I understood what I have to do but what is proofreading? Proofreading is the process of correcting grammatical errors in documents or articles before publishing. 
 Proof Reader Online Job 
 There are some tools like Grammarly which does the work of proofreading, but It stands nowhere near Human proofreading. 
 A prominent website can never rely on these tools for proofreading because they want a perfect article. So they hire a proofreader. So it's almost impossible for tools to match up the quality of human proofreading that means this field is almost future proof. 
 If you are a college student, then this job is perfect for you as you can work from anywhere you want, and you can also give time according to yourself which is best because you can also give adequate time to studies. 
 If you are thinking about money, then don't worry, there is no shortage of works in this field. Just search for the opportunity on the internet and grab it. 
 Now you might be worried about where I can get works. Let me help you; You can get a lot of works from freelancing platforms like Fiverr and Upwork. Just make a perfect gig, and then you are good to go. 
 10: Video Editor 
 In this job, you have to edit videos for your client to earn money. 
 I will strongly advise you to start doing this job only if you are an expert in professional video editing software like Adobe Premier pro. 
 If you are not an expert, then you can acquire this skill of video editing by watching some course in udemy, or there are so many good tutorials on youtube about premier pro, so you learn it for free. 
 Video Editor Job 
 You can approach YouTubers for this job. There are so many YouTubers who hire video editors to save their time, and you can do this work for them in return for reasonable payment. 
 You can also do it for some big brands, but they might tell you to work from their office, but don't do it at all because you are a college student and you have limited time. 
 Being a college student I will recommend you to do this work in Fiverr as you can take charge according to yourself, you can work from anywhere you want, and you can give time according to yourself. 
 In Fiverr, you can easily earn 30$ per video editing. I just saw a gig on Fiverr in which he offers a video editing service at 30$ and can you believe that He has more than 1000 reviews. Just image how much the client he manages. 
 Now you might question how I can handle so many clients with the study. Then keep in mind that in starting you might get very few orders, but if it increases, then you can simply outsource the work. 
 11: Youtuber 
 Do you know? Youtube is the second largest search engine after google. so, YouTube is one of the best online jobs for college students. 
 You might have heard that the future is video and youtube may outrank blogging. That might be true because most of us love to watch the video for learning or anything instead of reading articles. 
 Youtube is a product of Google, so yes it has a secure future, and you can choose youtubing as your carrier too. 
 Become a YouTuber to Entertain and Educate 
 Start Your YouTube Channel Today  & Make Money Online. 
 In youtube, you can open a channel related to any topic that you love. It may be music, gaming, programming, etc. and start uploading videos. 
 As you will get a higher view on that video, you can earn a good amount by ads of Google Adsense. 
 If you are a college student, then youtubing is perfectly suitable for you as you can make a video from anywhere you want, and you can also work as per your schedule. 
 The biggest con of youtube is that it takes time to make money for you as you have to wait for your channel to grow or to get a good number of views in a video. 
 12: Photographer 
 Peoples like YouTubers, bloggers, and many more need images so that they can use it as featured images or in thumbnails. 
 Some of you might be thinking that we can easily download images on google or from any other sites. Then you should know that those images aren't royalty-free. It means that the owner of the image can take action against you if you use the image. 
 Photographer Online Job 
 So here comes the role of a stock photography site. These sites provide royalty-free images, which means that you can use them without any issue. Some are free stock images sites like  pixabay , and some are paid like  Shutterstock . 
 The big YouTubers and bloggers need an extensive collection of images so they can choose the image according to their desires, That's why they buy a subscription of a paid stock photography sites like Shutterstock, istock, and many more. 
 Now you can use this chance to earn some money. You can click good images for those stock photography sites, and in return for that, you will get money per download. 
 The amount which you will get from per download is pretty less but yes if your photo is superb then more people will download it, and you can earn adequate money, but it requires a lot of passion and a good photography skills, 
 So I will recommend you to do this work only if you have a passion for photography. 
 You have to make some investment at starting because it requires a DSLR camera, but you can also use smartphones because nowadays smartphones are coming with a good camera. 
 This job is very flexible for college students, and you can do this as a part-time job. You can give time to this job according to yourself, which is essential for your academics. 
 13: Virtual Assistant 
 Some of you might be thinking that what is Virtual assistant? I am damn sure that you know about a typical job in which we have to go to the office and then we have to provide our service to the company, and they pay us for that service. 
 Now you might be thinking that why I am talking about a typical job in the article of best online jobs for college students. Then you should know that this job is pretty similar to an ordinary job. 
 Become a Virtual Assistant & Get Money Online 
 But wait as our list consists of online jobs only that's why Virtual assistant is an online version of a typical job. 
 In this job, you have to provide services like email marketing, social media management, graphics designing, and many more to companies. The primary difference between a typical job and virtual assistant is that in this job you have to provide your services online, which means without going to the office. 
 Virtual assisting is an ideal job for those who want to work from the comfort of home, and as a college student, it's also beneficial for you. 
 Now you might ask, Why the companies will take my service online instead of coming daily to the office? 
 They hire a virtual assistant to save their money. Just think how much it's cheap for a local shop to hire someone for social media management online instead of telling him to come daily and do this work. 
 Also, this helps them to save their money from paying employee tax taxes because Virtual assistant doesn't come under the list of employees so yeah they take your services without paying any taxes. Just imagine how much it's beneficial for them. 
 You can earn 15-100$ per hour from the job of Virtual assistant. The amount entirely depends upon the service you are offering as if you are giving service of digital marketing or copywriting, then you will get a higher amount, and the amount also depends on your experience. 
 I will recommend you to learn specialized skills then do a job of virtual assistants because premium skills will give you more money instead of any ordinary skills. 
 If you want to learn any specialized skills, then don't worry, there are so many online platforms which can teach you these skills. Just search on the internet. You can even master VA from online courses. Just find the right course for yourself and then see the magic. 
 You can find the job of Virtual assistant from online platforms such as  zitual  , people pay per hour and VA networking, etc. There are many more just search on the internet. 
 14: Search Engine Evaluator 
 Search Engine Evaluator is another most  flexible online jobs for college students . So If you are looking for a flexible job in which you can give time according to your schedule for focusing on academics, then have a look at this job. 
 In this job, you have to help such engines like google, yahoo, and bing to run smoothly. 
 Nothing is perfect, nor the popular search engines like google are. They also have errors, and you have to identify them so they can fix them and can improve it. 
 The most crucial work of search engines is to provide relevant results when someone searches something. You can check the relevancy of search results for them. 
 In this job, your employer will give you several tasks, and then you have to test search engines. Then they will ask for your feedback. Your feedback will really help search engines to know about their functionality and how they can improve. 
 Search engines have a computer algorithm which catches errors for them, but as we know that no one can match human at this time, so they still need humans to review their search engines. 
 You just need a computer and an internet connection to do this job, and I think most of the people reading this article have these things. 
 You can earn 12-15$ per hour from this job, which is a pretty sufficient income for most of the college students. 
 There are so many online sites that offer this job. I personally recommend Lionbridge and Leapforce. 
 15: Website Testing 
 In this job you have to test the website and provide your opinion related to the site so that they can improve it. 
 This job doesn't require much technical knowledge as you just have to visit websites, and then you have to provide your opinion related to the website so that they can make their website functional and dynamic. 
 Website Testing Job 
 Website testing is one of the  best online jobs for college students  who are looking to earn a few bucks without disturbing their studies. You can work from any quiet place you want, and you can also give time according to yourself. 
 I personally recommend user testing, which provides this job. The process is simple; You have to visit websites while your screen is being recorded, and then you have to provide your opinions loudly while testing the site. 
 Website testing is a pretty easy job but makes sure that it will not make you rich, Just consider it as a part-time income even Usertesting says this. 
 You can earn 10$ per testing of 20 mins, which a pretty good income if you are looking for a part-time job. 
 Now you might think that why websites are spending their amount on this work then keep it in mind that visitors' opinion is the most valuable opinion for any website and they also want to make improvements in their site and with user rating they can easily identify the problems and can solve it. 
 16: PowerPoint Presentation Designer 
 PowerPoint Presentation Designer is among one of the easiest jobs in our entire list of  best online jobs for college students . 
 In this job you have to create presentations for your clients using powerpoint 
 You might have learned about powerpoint in your school or at academics, and now you can use it to earn money. At that time, you might have thought that what is the use of this ugly thing. 
 Powerpoint Presentation Online Job 
 There is heavy use of powerpoint in the workplace. It is used for business meetings, youtube videos, events, speeches, and many more. 
 There are so many companies that want a good powerpoint presentation for their monthly and annual meetings, and you can do this for them. 
 In big events, the organizer has no time to make a powerpoint presentation so you can search for a chance in events too. 
 Everyone needs a good presentation to keep their points nicely, and you can do it for them. 
 Becoming a master in powerpoint is not rocket science; you can easily and quickly learn it through youtube videos. Trust me; you don't need any course for this since there are so many good tutorials on youtube about powerpoint. You have to polish yourself with animation, which is a very crucial part, but yes you can easily learn it with some hard work. 
 The more you practice, the more you learn. This case applies to presentation designing too. The more you practice this work, the more expert you become so make sure to practice a lot. 
 Powerpoint is a paid software so you can use free tools like google slides, which is somewhat like a free version of powerpoint, but it stands nowhere near the powerpoint. So I will advise you to purchase this software if you want to do this work seriously. 
 This job is flexible for college students since you can give time according to yourself in order to give proper time to academics, you can also work from the comfort of home, and as it is easy to work, you will not become exhausted. 
 You can find clients for yourself from popular freelancing platforms such as Fiverr, upwork, and freelancer. 
 Now you might be thinking that how much I will earn from this job so on average, you will get 15$ per slide which is a pretty good amount for college students. 
 17: Transcriptionist 
 A transcriptionist is one of the best jobs for a college student if you are looking for a job that doesn't require experience or requires very little experience. 
 In this job, you just have to convert audio files to text. It seems pretty easy. Isn't it? You also might be thinking that it is a piece of cake but wait, that's not true. Let me tell you why. 
 Do Translation Work & Make Internet Money 
 In this job, you need good typing skills at least 60-70 words per minute and 98% accuracy with it, and a good typing skill will give you more money too because in this job the faster you type, the more you will earn. You also need very good grammar. 
 The hardest part of this job is that it requires massive accuracy while converting audio files into text and for that, you need to give a hell lot of attention. 
 I will advise you to do this work in a quiet place since it requires very great attention. 
 You will get more accuracy as you will become experience by working. If you have a bad typing speed and accuracy, then you can learn to type from platforms like Ratatype, which is my favorite platform, give it a try. So yeah there is nothing much to worry. 
 Transcription is a very flexible job which is ideal for college students because you can give time to this job according to yourself and you can work from any place you want so yes it is suitable for a college student. 
 In this job, you have to make some initial investment. You have to buy equipment like a good and comfortable headphone, an ergonomic keyboard and a foot pedal. 
 You need a good and comfortable headphone so that your ears won't pain after wearing it for long hours and good headphones will help you in listening to difficult conversations clearly which is hard for an ordinary or cheap headphone. 
 An ergonomic keyboard is required so that your wrist and forearm won't pain after typing for long hours. 
 You need a foot pedal so that you can fast forward and rewind audio with your feet and without using your hands and this equipment is essential in this job. 
 Now you might ask how much money this job will give me in return for my work. So on average, you can earn 15-25$ per hour, which is a pretty good amount. 
 Since you are a college student, you can do this job from online platforms such as TranscribleMe which is my favorite platform for this job. It pays 20$ per audio hour. You can also try good platforms like Rev. 
 18: Teach English Online 
 If you can speak proper English, then you can consider a job of teaching English online & this is the best online job for college students. 
 Nowadays most of the people know that speaking is the key to learn English and fluency easily so they prefer a native English teacher who can talk with them. 
 In this job, you just have to talk with a random person who is willing to learn English. 
 Teach English Online Job 
 How cool is it to talk with a random person in a comfortable room and that too with the time when you are free. 
 As a college student, this job is perfect for you as you can focus on studies while earning a good amount. 
 Most of the platforms don't allow nonnatives to teach even if you have a strong English with proper fluency. This is the biggest downside of this job, according to me. 
 I think they don't allow a nonnative teacher because most of the students prefer a native teacher over nonnative for English. 
 If you are native with good fluency, then this is a golden opportunity for you.  Don't worry about payment as there are many platforms which offer a very good amount. 
 You might be thinking that in which platform I can do this work? I prefer cambly, which is my favorite platform, and they offer a good amount to teachers. They are also known as one of the best platforms to learn English. 
 Don't worry about cambly at all because they are a very reputable and trusted brand. They are best for both teachers and students. 
 19: Captioner 
 Captioning is one of the flexible jobs in our list that could be ideal for most of the college students. 
 Have you ever seen a video on youtube? Of course yes, you will see that a text runs in the bottom of the video. Whenever the speaker speaks, the text runs in the context with the speaker's voice. 
 In this job, you have to create those types of text that sync with video perfectly. 
 As I said earlier that this is a flexible job because you can work from your own comfort and according to your own time so that you can give proper time to studies but make sure to join online platforms to get this flexibility. 
 I personally recommend Rev, which is an online platform, and it will pay you a good amount for the work of captioning. 
 To take this job, the companies will ask you to write a caption for a small video so that they can test you. 
 You might be thinking that its a piece of cake but wait, it's not a piece of cake for anyone. You have to give a pretty good amount of time, and it requires hard work too. 
 You have to write a caption which is not at all easy. Also, you have to make sure that the captions are grammatically correct and the hardest part of this job is that you have to sync caption perfectly with the text. I know it's hard, but as you will do more practice, It will become easier for you and you will be able to do it with more accuracy. 
 20: Survey Taker 
 Survey taking is one of the easiest jobs on our entire list of Best online jobs for college students. 
 There are so many brands which want the opinions of customers for their product or services so they can improve their products. According to my, every brand should do this type of thing because user opinions provide real experience about their products. 
 You can use this as an opportunity to earn a part-time income. 
 Online Survey Online Job 
 Don't expect too much from it as you will be able to earn only 50$ on an avg per month with considerable work since it is very easy. 
 Survey taker is a highly suitable job for college students as it is easy, requires less time, and you can work from anywhere you feel comfortable. This job will not affect your studies at all. 
 Imagine how cool is it to earn a part-time income without putting many efforts. This job is also ideal for a lazy person. Isn't it? 
 You can use platforms like Swagbucks, Survey Junkey, PrizeRebel to earn money for submitting surveys. 
 I will recommend you to join as many survey-taking sites as you can because more the number of survey sites you join more you will be able to earn. 
 For this job you just need an internet connection and mobile or computer. 
 Conclusion 
 I hope that you liked my article on the  Best online jobs for college students . You only need a good internet connection, computer, and skills to do all of the jobs mentioned in this list. 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Author  Deep 
 I am a Blogger who loves to spend most of the time in Blogging, SEO, Affiliate Marketing and helping other Peoples. I am a professional Blogger, Digital Marketer, and Entrepreneur. 
 
  Facebook 
  Instagram 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 How To Create a Youtube Channel 
 November 10, 2019 
   
 How To Write SEO Friendly Blog Posts 
 September 23, 2019 
   
 When is The Best Time to Post On Tumblr 2021? 
 August 13, 2019 
   
 How to Start a Blog in 2021 
 July 31, 2019 
   
 How to Make Money Without a Job 
 July 20, 2019 
   
 30 Internet Money Making ideas 
 July 13, 2019 
 Write A Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Post 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Start Your Blog in Minutes with MilesWeb 
 November 29, 2019 
 * [ ](https://wordpressradar.com/best-seo-tools/)
 
 The 25 Best SEO Tools You'll Need in 2021 
 November 20, 2019 
 * [ ](https://wordpressradar.com/how-to-create-a-youtube-channel/)
 
 How To Create a Youtube Channel 
 November 10, 2019 
 * [ ](https://wordpressradar.com/write-seo-friendly-blog-posts/)
 
 How To Write SEO Friendly Blog Posts 
 September 23, 2019 
 * [ ](https://wordpressradar.com/best-seo-tools-to-monitor-site-performance/)
 
 The 7 Best Seo Tools To Monitor Site Performance 
 September 13, 2019 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blogging 
 Education 
 Hosting 
 Internet Money 
 Plugins 
 SEO 
 Themes 
 WordPress 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  __ Facebook  
 
 
  __ Twitter  
 
 
  __ Pinterest  
 
 
  __ Tumblr  
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Disclaimer 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 © 2019  WordPress Radar . All registered. 
 __Top 
 __ 
  __ Pin It  
