Skip to content 
 SF CEQA 
 Preserving the San Francisco Spirit and Lifestyle 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Calendar 
 California 
 
 Stop Bad State Bills 
 We stopped SB 827 
 
 
 CEQA Protections 
 National 
 San Francisco 
 
 SF Planning Department 
 
 
 
 Tag: jobs housing balance 
 Political Punch: Hard times away from California’s coast are a problem for politicians 
 March 29, 2019 
 By John Wildermuth : sfchronicle - excerpt (via email) The state’s latest employment figures are chock full of good news for the Bay Area and Southern California, but bring more of the same dismal message to the Central Valley. That could be worrisome for a pair of Democrats who swept into Congress in November on …  More Political Punch: Hard times away from California’s coast are a problem for politicians 
 __ Leave a comment    __Political Punch: Hard times away from California’s coast are a problem for  politicians 
 Editorial: Amazon HQ2 fiasco carries lessons for Bay Area 
 February 21, 2019 
 themercurynews - excerpt It’s imperative that communities and tech firms build healthy relationships and work together to resolve differences… The Bay Area and the tech industry have much to learn from Amazon’s New York headquarters debacle, which ended last week when the tech giant backed out of the deal to put its HQ2 in Queens. …  More Editorial: Amazon HQ2 fiasco carries lessons for Bay Area 
 __ Leave a comment    __Editorial: Amazon HQ2 fiasco carries lessons for Bay  Area 
 Marin doesn’t deserve criticism from Sacramento 
 October 26, 2017 
 By Dick Spotswood : marinij - excerpt Marin-bashing is a popular state Capitol pastime. Look at criticism Assemblyman Marc Levine, D-Greenbrae, endured when he passed legislation defining Marin as — are you ready for this — “suburban” instead of “urban.” It’s a politically risk-free avocation for glib legislators of both parties whose constituents resent prosperous …  More Marin doesn’t deserve criticism from Sacramento 
 __ Leave a comment    __Marin doesn’t deserve criticism from  Sacramento 
 Search for: 
 Livable California 
 
 By Right is Not Right 
 
 Repeal Costa-Hawkins 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 448 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 State CEQA Laws 
 
 CEQA Works 
 
 Transportation 
 
 savesfmuni 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Environmental turnaround — 8 issues that will pivot in California’s favor under Biden  January 24, 2021 
 Palo Alto-based NIMBY think tank says Bay Area housing goals are wrong, others call it propaganda  January 19, 2021 
 California Housing Legislation Effective in 2021  January 14, 2021 
 Why Voters Haven’t Been Buying the Case for Building  January 10, 2021 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
