Skip to primary content 
 Webner House 
 The Webner Family's Blog 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Addressing Homelessness, One Job At A Time 
 Posted on  October 1, 2017  by   webnerbob 
 What should cities do to address the issues with their homeless populations? It's a persistent, nagging question that often seems impossible to solve. For decades, cities and charities have offered support and services to help homeless people, and yet the homeless remain. And advocates for the homeless remind us that giving money to people who are panhandling isn't really helping them. So what should be done? 
 In  Albuquerque, New Mexico, the mayor decided to take a job-oriented approach to the homelessness issue . From his conversations with members of the city's homeless population, he learned that many of the homeless just wanted to work, but didn't know how to go about getting a job. So the mayor worked with a charity to give some of the homeless people jobs cleaning up city streets and helping with landscaping of city properties. The homeless people who perform the jobs are paid $9 an hour for their work, receive lunch, and are offered shelter at night. The program has been operating for a year and has helped 100 people move on to permanent employment. And while there is a cost, the city benefits from the work performed by the participants.  The Albuquerque program is called "There a Better Way." 
 Cities seem to take different approaches to the problem of homelessness. As the article linked above notes, many cities have begun criminalizing panhandling. Other cities seem to simply put up with homelessness and begging, or institutionalize it. On our recent trip to New Orleans, we saw many homeless people sleeping on the streets, with only a bit of cardboard for shelter; New Orleans seems to tolerate its homeless people and expects visitors to do so, too. In Columbus, on the other hand, some of the homeless people participate in a program in which they receive a license and sell newspapers about homelessness at designated locations. It's better than aggressive panhandling, I suppose, but it doesn't seem to be moving people on to private-sector employment. At the street corner near our firm, for example, the same pleasant and polite woman has been selling the papers for years; she even refers to what she's doing as her "job." 
 The Albuquerque approach clearly is preferable to ignoring the problem, and those of us who have always worked know the value of having a job and earning a paycheck, but the article doesn't say what Albuquerque does with homeless people who don't want to participate in the program. Those are the people who present the real challenge. No one wants to see people living on the streets, suffering from exposure to the elements and in harm's way, but most cities also don't want homeless people accosting pedestrians and begging for money on street corners, either. 
 Share this: 
 
 Reddit 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  America ,  Columbus ,  Work  and tagged  Albuquerque ,  America ,  Columbus ,  homeless people ,  Homelessness ,  Jobs ,  New Orleans ,  There's a Better Way ,  Work  by  webnerbob . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About webnerbob 
 A Cleveland and Ohio State sports fan who lives in Columbus, Ohio 
  View all posts by webnerbob ->  
 3 thoughts on "Addressing Homelessness, One Job At A Time" 
 
 ksbeth  on  October 1, 2017 at 9:49 am  said: 
 
 excellent - 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 alizetaylor  on  October 4, 2017 at 12:23 pm  said: 
 
 I agree! Homelessness is a major issue and I think people should care more. Handing out pocket change every now and again is just getting them by. Anyone who has worked and felt like their money is already being spent before payday knows how it feels to "just get by" with their money. If only they could stop for two seconds to just imagine how it feels to not know where their next meal or dollar was coming from. Great post! There needs to be more people speaking on this topic. It is not our responsibility to help homeless people and take them off the streets, but if everyone really felt as strong as they say they do about equality and a world peace then it should not be too difficult to help out our fellow humans. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 http://qq.com  on  October 5, 2017 at 8:57 am  said: 
 
 Lee and Larrʏ cheгished their sixth birthɗay party. 
Even though they have been twins, Mommy and 
Daddy at all times made сertain they evеry had a spewcial time.And with their birthdays coming in Ɗecember, Mߋmny andd Daԁdy additionally 
always made positiᴠe their birthdaүs had been special aⅼthough Christmass was propｅr across the corner. 
The soｃiɑl gathering was ѕo enjoyablе with a clown and cajｅ and songs and fantastic presents from their pals and grandparent 
and unclе and aunts. It glided by so quick h᧐wever earlier than thеy knew it, everybօdy һad gone home and it was time to wash up and 
get ready for bed. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
