Skip to content    
 Search for: 
 
 North Somerset Life 
 North Somerset Council's digital digest 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Local events 
 Want to see more digital Life updates? 
 Social media 
 Accessibility statement 
 
 Search 
 Jobs and business growth 
 North Somerset business news including what the council is doing to support business growth and encourage a stronger economy 
 Don't miss out on business grants 
 Posted on  January 15, 2021January 14, 2021  by  nswebinfo 
   
 Financial aid is available to support businesses through lockdown and beyond so make sure you get the money you are entitled to. 
 Since the start of the pandemic, North Somerset Council has distributed more than £46m of government grants to 4,000 businesses - but many more have yet to claim. 
 Continue reading Don't miss out on business grants 
 Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 ‘Above and beyond’ support for hospitality sector 
 Posted on  December 18, 2020December 22, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
   
 
 Lockdown and Tier 3 restrictions this year have been incredibly difficult for local businesses as their ability to trade has been limited. 
 More grants are now available to help these businesses survive winter and North Somerset Council is going above and beyond to support the hospitality sector, which has been hit especially hard. 
 Continue reading ‘Above and beyond’ support for hospitality sector 
 Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Shop local for any last-minute gifts 
 Posted on  December 18, 2020December 18, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
   
 If you still have Christmas gifts to get then visiting your local high street – either virtually or in-person – could be the perfect place to find a unique present. 
 Local retailers, traders, makers, producers, restaurants, pubs and cafes all need our support following two lockdowns and Tier 3 restrictions. 
 Continue reading Shop local for any last-minute gifts 
 Posted in  Community ,  Jobs and business growth ,  Leisure and events ,  News 
 Still time to have your say on area’s future 
 Posted on  November 27, 2020November 27, 2020  by  northsomersetlife 
   
 Would you like to have a say on how North Somerset grows and develops over the coming decades? 
 There is still time to comment on the second stage of consultation for North Somerset Council’s new  Local Plan , the Choices for the Future consultation. 
 Continue reading Still time to have your say on area’s future 
 Posted in  Green spaces ,  Jobs and business growth ,  News ,  Planning and development 
 Support your local trader 
 Posted on  November 6, 2020November 6, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
 
 Choosing to shop at a local retailer rather than big chain stores will help these businesses survive the second lockdown. 
 While non-essential shops have now closed, this time they are allowed to operate a click and collect service – customers can go and pick up the products they’ve ordered online. 
 Continue reading Support your local trader 
 Image Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Seven-day support for businesses 
 Posted on  November 6, 2020November 6, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
 
 Businesses affected by the new coronavirus restrictions can continue to get an ongoing package of support  from North Somerset Council. 
 Local businesses and workers face an incredibly challenging winter so support will be available seven days a week to help them navigate what’s available. 
 Continue reading Seven-day support for businesses 
 Image Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Support for businesses and employees 
 Posted on  November 2, 2020November 10, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
   
 Advice and support is available for businesses at risk of closure and anyone facing financial hardship as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. 
 North Somerset Council is committed to protecting jobs and strengthening the local economy in a sustainable way. 
 
 A range of free information, advice and guidance is available to those businesses at risk of making redundancies. 
 Continue reading Support for businesses and employees 
 Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Join the conversation on North Somerset's future 
 Posted on  October 23, 2020October 23, 2020  by  nsgraphics 
   
 
 Have your say on how North Somerset will grow and develop over the coming decades. 
 North Somerset Council is developing a new Local Plan for the area and the next stage gets under way next month. 
 The new plan will identify where development can and cannot take place and guide investment and funding for the infrastructure which will support new housing, jobs, transport and community facilities until 2038. 
 Continue reading Join the conversation on North Somerset's future 
 Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News ,  Planning and development ,  Roads and travel 
 Bicycles could boost your business 
 Posted on  October 23, 2020October 23, 2020  by  nsgraphics 
   
 
 Do you run a business and routinely make local deliveries by car? 
 Would you like to help cut congestion, carbon emissions and costs? 
 Businesses across North Somerset can now apply for a free one-month loan of an electric cargo bike to help them reach customers with zero emissions. 
 Continue reading Bicycles could boost your business 
 Posted in  Healthy lifestyles ,  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Discover North Somerset delights 
 Posted on  September 11, 2020September 11, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
   
 
 North Somerset is special – we love it and want to showcase everything it has to offer. 
 This month North Somerset Council has launched its ‘We ♥ North Somerset’ campaign to champion the natural environment, rich history, local events and businesses that make the area so special. 
 Continue reading Discover North Somerset delights 
 Posted in  Community ,  Green spaces ,  Healthy lifestyles ,  Jobs and business growth ,  Leisure and events ,  News 
 Posts navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Care Children and young people Community Green spaces Healthy lifestyles Jobs and business growth Leisure and events Libraries and learning News Planning and development Recycling and waste Roads and travel Special features and editor’s picks Your council 
 Want to get more? 
 Sign up to our newsletter 
 Recent posts 
 
 Stay at home to save lives 
 Impact on council services 
 Don't miss out on business grants 
 Support for vulnerable people 
 Keep your wellbeing in check 
 
 Accessibility 
 Our statement 
 Useful Links 
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 
 
 Contact us 
 Online 
 www.n-somerset.gov.uk 
 Report it. Request it. Pay for it. 
 www.n-somerset.gov.uk/connect 
 by phone 
 8am-6pm Mon-Fri 
 Council Connect  for all streets 
and open spaces enquiries: 
01934 888 802 
 Care Connect  for all 
social services enquiries: 
01275 888 801 
 care.connect@n-somerset.gov.uk 
 Main switchboard: 
01934 888 888 
 Emergency (out of hours): 
01934 622 669 
 By social media 
 
 View NorthSomersetCouncil's profile on Facebook 
 View NorthSomersetC's profile on Twitter 
 View NorthSomersetC's profile on Pinterest 
 
 By post 
 North Somerset Council 
Town Hall 
Weston-super-Mare BS23 1UJ  Monday-Thursday: 8.45am-5pm 
Friday: 8.45am-4.30pm    Blog at WordPress.com.  Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
