  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Product Manager 
 at Just Move In 
 go back to Data and Product Jobs 
 
 
 __Bournemouth 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤30000 - ₤42000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Bournemouth 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤30000 - ₤42000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Just Move In is a PropTech / FinTech on a mission to simplify the home moving process - a point in people's lives that is often stressful, time-consuming and costly. We help a number of stakeholders including buyers, sellers, renters, managing agents and landlords. Our award-winning Home Setup service helps movers manage a wide range of services at the new property including council tax, water, sewerage, energy, broadband, media, removals and insurance. We avoid users having to speak to multiple companies, fill out multiple forms and spend hours trawling comparison sites. Our digital tenant referencing platform helps letting agencies assess the financial and broader suitability of prospective tenants. 
 We're delighted to be working with hundreds of property partners around the UK, delivering exceptional service to their clients, and have the highest Trustpilot score in our sector (4.9/5). 
 We're a certified B Corporation and encourage our team, suppliers and partners, to think about their impact on the planet and society. 
 We're a fast-growth business and have recently joined the Tech Nation Fintech programme. 
 Who are we looking for: 
 A confident, ambitious Product Manager to play a pivotal role in the development and management of our two core product platforms - Mover Home Setup & Agency Services which includes our new Digital Referencing platform. 
 As a Product Manager reporting directly to the Head of Product, you will be working closely with all business functions to plan and deliver product roadmaps, prioritizing what the seven-person development team is working on, writing functional specifications and working with departmental heads to test and deliver new features. 
 The role will be very hands-on and you should be ready to champion an analytical approach to testing and validating features as our products mature. 
 Experience working on B2B and B2C products and platforms is essential, along with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment. You will have plenty of opportunity to implement your experience and improve the way we work within Product. 
 The role: 
 
 You will collaborate with the wider management team to translate the business goals into a compelling product strategy with clear, measurable and achievable objectives 
 You will work in partnership with design, development, marketing and other stakeholders to specify and deliver features that deliver the stated product objectives 
 You will develop a strong understanding of the competitor landscape and the wider move market 
 You will work with all functions to continually optimise both our customer journeys and operational efficiencies 
 You will be a key driver and likely a future owner of the company's long-term product roadmap 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 2+ years product management experience, including taking entire products from concept to launch 
 Experience of working within an agile Product team 
 Strong technical understanding of software development 
 Clear, tactful communicator with the ability to lead conversations with colleagues across the business 
 Strong relationship and collaboration skills 
 Exceptional organisational and analytical skills 
 Experience managing competing priorities, roadmaps and sprint planning 
 Skilled at writing functional specifications for our development and design teams 
 Able to draw extensive analytical insights, and iterate digital products using qualitative and quantitative data 
 An appetite to increase your management responsibility in a fast-growth business 
 
 Beneficial but not required: 
 
 A background in or knowledge of AI and data science 
 A background in or knowledge of energy, broadband or insurance 
 Experience with Sketch, Photoshop and Illustrator 
 Working knowledge of Mixpanel and Google Analytics 
 Commercial understanding 
 Experience working remotely 
 Good excel / spreadsheet competence 
 Experience designing simple and intuitive user interfaces 
 
 What will you be working on: 
 The business currently serves customers over the phone but has a substantial tech-stack powering this service. You will be arriving in the company at a pivotal time as we start to build a pure digital Home Setup service and hybrid phone / digital variants. The company has already developed a substantial digital referencing product which will require further optimisation. Further development of our B2B partner portal will also be required. 
 How will you be working: 
 With changing times, communication is more important than ever. Slack, Google Hangouts and Zoom are used within the business for daily catchups/meetings. Your role will initially be remote until it is safe for people to return to work. We are open to it staying largely remote, with regular visits to our head office in Bournemouth for team building and planning sessions. 
 Company values 
 Inspire: 
 We see it as our mission to try and inspire everyone we come into contact with. Whether customers, colleagues, suppliers or partners, we want to show it's possible to grow a great business at both a service and commercial level, whilst making a positive impact on the wider world. 
 Empower: 
 We are not in business to tell our customers what to do, we are here to empower them to make decisions based on the things that matter to them. Internally we want our colleagues to have the freedom to make decisions and to be individuals, not robots. 
 Empathise: 
 We provide services around times of potentially high stress for our customers, so showing empathy towards them and their individual needs is key - we cannot put our profit above customer suitability. Likewise, we'll make our business decisions with empathy for our communities and the environment. 
 Delight: 
 In a world of average experiences, we're out to deliver moments of delight, both internally and externally. We will never settle for 'good enough', our aim is to 'Wow'. 
 Published at 1 Jan 2021 - Expires on 1 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Just Move In 
 fulltime  Head of Product  at Just Move In in Bournemouth 
 __01-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Account Manager (Maternity Cover)  at Just Move In in Bournemouth 
 __06-01-2021 
 fulltime  Business Development Executive  at Just Move In in Bournemouth 
 __20-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
