Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Psychiatrist (early career) - Clinician Primary Researcher or Clinician Investigator 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Psychiatry 
Competition No. - A106039580 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Position Description: 
The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Psychiatry, at the University of Alberta (http://psychiatry.med.ualberta.ca/), in partnership with Alberta Health Services, Edmonton Zone, Addiction and Mental Health, are inviting applications for an Academic Medicine and Health Service Program (AMHSP) positions for early career psychiatrists with special interest in clinical translational research in Psychiatry. The Department of Psychiatry has been approved by Alberta Health as a new AMHSP program which is jointly overseen by Alberta Health Services and the University of Alberta. These contingent tenure track professorship positions present an exciting opportunity to establish a viable academic medicine career path outside of traditional tenure track University positions and are ideally suited to clinicians who also value education, research, quality, and leadership as a part of their professional identity. 
 The candidate(s) selected for this position will be referred to the AMHSP Arrangement Management Committee to finalize yearly individual service agreement jointly approved by the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and Addiction and Mental Health, Alberta Health Services. 
 Qualifications: 
Candidates must have an MD, preference will be given to MD/PhD in an area relevant to psychiatric research and must have at least two years of appropriate experience relevant to clinical translational research in psychiatry. Preference will be given to clinician scientists who are working in addictions and/or child & adolescent psychiatry or other under-serviced, high clinical priority areas of importance to Alberta Health Services (AHS). The successful candidates will be expected to work at least 0.2-0.4 clinical FTE with AHS. 
 University of Alberta appointments are targeted at the level of Assistant or Associate Professor. All candidates should have an excellent emerging record of research accomplishment, including success in competing for external awards at the provincial or national level, and the ability to mentor research trainees effectively. 
 More information about this position: 
Alberta Health Services is Canada’s first and largest province wide, fully integrated health system, responsible for delivering health services to the over four million people living in Alberta, as well as to some residents of Saskatchewan, B.C. and the Northwest Territories. Alberta’s health care system is one of the best in the world and physicians in Alberta experience a variety of challenging and rewarding opportunities while also enjoying a high standard of living including exceptional recreational options. Our multi-disciplinary teams in the Edmonton Zone consisting of nursing, psychiatry, psychology, occupational therapy, social work, education, and speech language pathology provide education and assistance for more than 1.4 million people in Edmonton and surrounding areas. 
 The successful applicants will have excellent opportunities to develop collaborative interactions within and beyond the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, in the context of the current development of a funded new Translational Research Institute for Neuroscience & Mental Health. Research in the Department of Psychiatry includes biological and psychosocial aspects of psychiatry and related neurological disorders and includes clinical translational activity in anxiety and mood disorders, psychosis and addiction in children, youth and adults. Research engagement in the Department includes pharmacogenomic, genetic and neuroimaging studies and we enjoy an active on campus collaboration on machine learning and datamining with the Alberta Innovates Centre for Machine Learning (http://www.aicml.ca/). The 
 Department has excellent analytical facilities for basic and clinical research in neurochemistry and psychopharmacology and enjoys extensive collaborative interactions with the Peter S Allen Neuroimaging Centre, with well supported leading edge MRI (including human MRS and fMRI & DTI at up to 4.7T) and emerging PET/MRI capabilities. 
 Researchers in the Department access competitive funding through national (Canadian Institutes of Health Research) and provincial (Alberta Innovates Health Solutions) funding agencies. Competitive funding is also available through the programs of the Alberta Family Wellness Initiative (http://www.albertafamilywellness.org/) led by the Norlien Foundation. Partner organizations include CASA (Child Adolescent & Family Mental Health (http://www.casaservices.org/), The Institute of Health Economics (www.IHE.ca), The Women & Children’s Health Research Institute (https://www.wchri.org) and Campus Alberta Neuroscience (http://www.albertaneuro.ca/). Current engagement of the Department in national research initiatives includes Hub participation in the Canadian Depression Research Intervention Network (CDRIN) and engagement in the development of the Canadian Research Network in Substance Misuse (a CIHR Institute for Neuroscience, Mental Health & Addiction initiative). 
 At the provincial level, researchers in the Department are working closely with Alberta Health Services (AHS) in the context of the Strategic Clinical Networks (SCN http://www.albertahealthservices.ca/scn.asp), and there is excellent alignment between the SCNs and the priorities of the provincial health research funding agency (AIHS). 
 The Department has an excellent suite of educational programs, including well established M.Sc. and Ph.D. programs in psychiatry and participation in graduate programs in Neuroscience. The Department has an excellent and well-established residency training program in psychiatry, with Royal College accredited subspecialty training programs in child & adolescent psychiatry and forensic psychiatry, and a new subspecialty training program in geriatric psychiatry that has received provisional Royal College approval. The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta is one of Canada’s premiere health sciences institutes, and in recent years has ranked among the top 50 medical schools in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. The University of Alberta has more than 39,000 students and, in 2011, The Scientist magazine ranked our university as one of the top 10 best places to work in academia in non-USA institutions. Excellent opportunities exist for collaborative research with other disciplines within the Faculty and University and other Faculties, as well as outside the University. 
 The University of Alberta is located in Edmonton, a vibrant, cosmopolitan city of 1.4M and the provincial capital for Alberta. This friendly city offers a rich cultural life and diverse recreational opportunities. The campus on which the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry is located is adjacent to the North Saskatchewan River with one of the largest municipal park systems in North America. Edmonton is approximately 3.5 hours by car from Jasper and from Banff in the Canadian Rockies. 
 Remuneration: 
Remuneration for this position will be commensurate with qualifications and experience and will be based on the income scale of the Academic Medicine and Health Services Program (AMHSP), Step 1: $361,719.00 
 Recruitment Contact: 
Interested applicants are invited to apply online by sending a covering letter, their curriculum vitae, a brief (12 page) five year research plan, a record of teaching excellence, three papers that best exemplify their research interests and the names and contact information of three referees to: 
 AMHSP Search & Selection Committee 
 AMHSP@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services are committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
amhsp@ualberta.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
