Skip to content 
 
 International Schools Review Discussion Boards 
 ISR Discussion Boards are open to site members and visitors alike. Your Voice Counts. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 ISR Home Page 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 School Director can destroy teachers' careers 
 One Lying Director… 
 March 23, 2017August 4, 2017  ~  internationalschoolsreview  ~  34 Comments 
 ..If things don't go well between a teacher and a school director, historically we've seen directors who've used their position to destroy the teacher's International Teaching career. Of course, there  are  two sides to every story, but when recruiting agencies automatically choose to consider only one side of the disagreement, that of the bigger-of-the-two paying-customers, it's always to the teacher's detriment. 
 ..International Schools Review is the result of just such an incident. A teacher had a misunderstanding with his director. The director told his own version of the 'truth' and had the teacher blackballed. Letters of protest and explanation from the teacher were met by the recruiting agency's standard phrase: "We weren't there to witness the events which took place." Translation? Your word isn't worth a damn! Teacher's response? We need a site to inform and support teachers. Translation? Welcome to  International Educators keeping each other informed  at International Schools Review! 
 ..Today, fourteen years since the inception of ISR, we still find isolated cases of teachers being blackballed, based on a vindictive director's claims. Here's a case in point: 
 from the ISR Forum 
 Hello All, Our first international job landed us working for a terrible director and the relationship between us ended badly (as in we really did not like each other). When we tried to sign up with Search she outright lied about us, saying something to the extent that we were let go before the end of our contract for "conduct unbecoming of a teacher." Based on her feedback, Search denied our application. From this same school we have SEVERAL outstanding peer and parent references. 
 Since that time we 've had two other positions, completed contracts, and have great references from our administrators. So, we tried to apply to Search once again, only to be told that because of what this first woman said they can NEVER take us on as candidates. 
 I am upset that  the words of one lying director  can outweigh the multitude of positive words of other administrators. This seems wildly unfair! 
 Is our only recourse to go with ISS? Have you heard of a situation such as ours, and what did people do? Cheers and thanks for any feedback 
 ..Beyond helping International Educators make the right choice of schools, ISR helps Recruiters to know what's going on at various schools, and to realize that some schools and school leaders are literally a menace to educators' careers. We have witnessed, since the inception of ISR, that when a conflict arises  Recruiters are now more likely to take a fair and unbiased approach  to reaching a resolution. 
 ..Some people just aren't cut out to be International Educators; but, when a vindictive director uses their position to punish Educators with whom they've had a disagreement, there's a problem. Fortunately, teachers in such a position have taken it upon themselves to Share their experiences on ISR so others can avoid making the same errors. Don't let a school director be a menace to YOUR career, or that of colleagues! 
 ..  Comments? Please scroll down 
 Most Recent Topics 
 
 The New American President's Effect on International Education 
 Are you White enough? 
 Important Updates: Name Your School & Comment on Their Response to Covid-19 
 
 Topics by Category 
 Topics by Category Select Category Accreditation Aging Parents & Loved Ones Back Home Best & Worst Benefit Packages Breaking Contract & Moving On Coronavirus Cultural Issues Ethical & Legal Issues Families Overseas Going International with Kids Going International with Pets Health In the Classroom International teaching Interviewing LGBTQ Community Medical Member Only Articles Moving & Living Overseas Moving Home & Summer Vacations Overseas and Over-50 Politics Recruiting Focused Articles Scam Alerts School Admin Issues Stuff for Newbies Suggest a Blog Topic Teachers of Color Overseas Teaching in Political Hot Spots Trailing Spouse Solutions What's it Really Like to Live Here? Why ISR? 
 Read Reviews of Schools 
 
 Go to ISR & Read Reviews of International Schools 
 
 Follow ISR 
 Subscribe to ISR Discussion Boards & receive notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1,229 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
