hippie itch 
 relieving my itch to help someone or something! 
 Search 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Eats 
 
 Bookmark the  permalink . 
 the job hunt 
  Jan  19    by  Adrienne 
 How in the world do I convince people that I truly want to change careers? My gut is telling me this is what I need to do is that not good enough? 
 Yesterday afternoon I had a job interview for a great non-profit. I was super excited because I really thought I was going to get it - I even have the same alma mater as the interviewer, that's always a plus! But it didn't go very well or at least I'm pretty sure it didn't. The woman wasn't convinced that a person with a Masters in Fine Arts would truly want to completely change careers, get paid way less, and work part-time. But I DO, I REALLY do! I even explained how I was going to keep making art on the side while working at her company. That way I still get to help people and create - my two loves. Alas, I couldn't say anything to wipe the disappointed (?) look on her face. 
 Depressing. I came home after my 10 minute interview and then sat on my pretty bay window and cried while the dogs stared at me. I was just so excited to get out of a job that pains me and be free to pursue my other passions. I know I know, this sounds SUPER dramatic but I've been wanting out of this job for a while now so to be so close yet so far is a total bummer. Ah, the ups and downs of the hunt. 
 I'm going somewhere with this venting don't you worry. 
 After stuffing my face and getting over my sad self I felt a little better. And after a semi-good nights sleep I felt MUCH better. It's a brand new day. There are new jobs to hunt and more connections to be made. I applied to another job today and decided on which volunteer opportunity I'll be taking part in this weekend. Everyone loves a plan! 
 I just need to stay focused on my goals and stick with the plan. If I waiver one day I can jump back on route the next. Eventually it'll all work out the way it should. That sounds convincing, right?? 
 A little interpretation of this post for your viewing pleasure: 
 
on the hunt 
 
chompin at the bit! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Career  and tagged  2012 ,  changing careers ,  job ,  job search ,  non-profit . 
 Post navigation 
 <- hippie green - so fresh and so clean clean 
 olivia - week 1 -> 
 4 comments on "the job hunt" 
 
 det-res  says: 
 
 January 19, 2012 at 9:28 pm 
 Good luck. Follow your passion. Nothing else will keep you going. I like plans, but I am finding it so hard to stick to mine. 
 Reply 
 * [Adrienne](https://hippieitch.wordpress.com) says:
 
 January 20, 2012 at 7:09 am 
 Thank you! Yeah it's tough, too many things get in the way. 
 Reply 
 
 Megan  says: 
 
 January 21, 2012 at 1:48 pm 
 I'm going through a similar transition in my life. Keep your head up! It's a really stressful time. Just keep doing what you're doing and continuously moving forward - trust me, you'll get there eventually, even if it doesn't happen as quickly as you would like. And keep doing other things that make you happy along the way. Thanks for sharing. 🙂 
 Reply 
 * [Adrienne](https://hippieitch.wordpress.com) says:
 
 January 22, 2012 at 9:57 am 
 It's so nice to find a person who's going through the same thing! 🙂 
 Reply 
 comments, questions  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Archives 
 
 January 2013 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 
 
 Follow Me! 
 Enter your email address to follow my blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 9 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Posts 
 5k   10k   2012   all purpose cleaner   animal rescue   animals   animal testing   art   artwork   bananas   bathroom   blogging   cardio   changing careers   chocolate   cooking   decor   dessert   dinner   DIY   dog rescue   dogs   exercise   fireplace   flooring   flowers   food   fostering   friends   friendship   fruits   gardening   going 'green'   green   greenhouse   health   healthy-living   healthy food   healthy habits   Hero Pose   home   homemade   job   job search   laundry detergent   marathon   mental-health   muffins   non-profit   organizing   painted fireplace   painting   pets   photography   prints   protein   recipes   running   salad   sleep   snack   soup   sports   spray painting   tomatoes   training   update   vanity   vegetable garden   vegetables   vegetarian   volunteering   writing   Yoga   zucchini 
 Twitter 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 Blogroll 
 
 daily garnish 
 elisariva 
 healthy ashley 
 healthy tipping point 
 hello hue 
 little green notebook 
 live laugh eat 
 oh she glows 
 peas and thank you 
 quarter life cupcake 
 the edible perspective 
 yes, i want cake. 
 young house love 
 zen habits 
 
 RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
