Digital Marketing Blog 
 The latest Digital Marketing trends and strategies by Lourdes Villalobos 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 Portfolio 
 Marketing Books 
 Contact 
 
 28Nov2014 
 Using social media in your job search 
 Posted in  Social Media ,  Social Media Channels ,  Social Networks  by  lvillalobospe 
 
 LinkedIn profile 
 Last saturday 22nd November, I attended the event “Employability Day” for students and recent graduates in the Marketing, Creative, Digital and PR Sectors in Manchester organized by companies  Creative Resource  and  Havas Lynx . Among the various topics presented, which caught my attention was the following: Using social media in your job search, presented by Phil Cookson of Creative Resource. 
 Before, I had not thought about the importance of having an updated and relevant profile on social networks in order to get a new job, also taking advantage of the great potential they offer to approach employers and companies of our interest. However, potential employers can view your photos and posts on social networks, so you have to be very careful with these ones. 
 It is important to build a social media "fingerprint" (Chandler cited in Adams, 2013), it means that “an ongoing media presence can boost your career and is especially useful if you're either passively or actively looking for a job.” While, Adams (2013) highlights the idea of building a brand for yourself, through your website, blog, with links to your social networks. 
 “In a 2012 Jobvite survey, 92 per cent of recruiters reported using social media to recruit candidates (a 10% increase since 2010) and 73% have successfully hired a candidate who was identified through a social network/social media” (Brand and Arasteh, 2013, p. 33). 
 Not all social networks are suitable for the job search, in the case of  Facebook  it is not the proper channel to look for a job because is more to share and socialize with family and friends, you can not post I am looking for a job in  Facebook  because this will not give any results (Jacobs, 2013). But you can check the pages of companies that interest you in order to get more information about these ones. 
 In contrast, Cookson emphasized that  LinkedIn  is the perfect social network to look for a job because it is professional and designed for business purposes. “It would not be appropriate to share anything too personal (“I’m pregnant.”), controversial, negative or mean spirited (“My boss is such an idiot!”) or to conduct repetitive and blatantly promotional selling (Brand and Arasteh, 2013, p.35). 
 Also you can create a  Google+  profile, but keep in mind that having multiple accounts in social networks is not enough to find a job, instead you have to work hard in the messages you want to convey. (Jacobs, 2013). 
 I focus the attention on  LinkedIn  because “of the major social media sites, 89% of hiring professionals have made a hire through LinkedIn, compared to 26% on Facebook and 15% on Twitter (Jobvite, 2012 cited in Brand and Arasteh, 2013, p. 33). Brand and Arasteh (2013) suggest to look for and follow companies because you can find in their profiles valuable information and also posts about jobs. 
 
 LinkedIn Global Membership (LinkedIn Press Center) 
 Cookson recommended the following tips to make a good use of  LinkedIn : 
 Create a strong profile 
Your profile should be similar to your CV, highlighting a description of yourself, your professional skills and your interests on career development. Also, pay attention and be careful with grammar, spelling and punctuation. Use a professional looking picture. 
 Join to relevant groups 
Brand and Arasteh (2013) suggest that it is important to join groups that are relevant to your area and participate in them by asking and answering questions, and share interesting information. These are ways to start conversation which can lead to getting a job (Bender & Oryl, 2013). Also, there are discussions about careers where you can take part, but before posting a comment, be sure to read the information properly so that you can contribute with something constructive and avoid repeat questions. 
 Be proactive and contact potential employers 
You can find contacts related to the industry you want to work in on LinkedIn and you can send them a personalized message, but not generic messages because these go unnoticed (Jacobs, 2013). To get the attention of the employer, it is important that your message is relevant, for example ask an interesting question. Also, do not be afraid to contact potential employers, the worst that could happen is that they do not accept your invitation. If there are no vacancies available at that time, you might be considered for future roles. 
 Update your profile 
Always keep your profile updated, if you are a student or worker, this information must be clearly shown. It is also important to make clear which is the geographical location where you want to work and use appropriate keywords in our profile, so the recruiters can easily find you (Brand and Arasteh, 2013). 
 Ask for references 
It is advisable to ask your tutors or previous managers to write a good reference about you highlighting your specific skills. Many potential employers check the references section when they examine candidates. 
 Twitter  is also important to keep you updated on what is going on in areas of your interest. You can follow people and companies who are relevant in your industry, sometimes they post job vacancies. To start a conversation with them, you can retweet and respond about a relevant topic (Bender & Oryl, 2013). Likewise, you can send private messages to potential employers, explaining that you are looking for a job, but you should do this after having interacted with them on Twitter (Finnigan, cited in Adams, 2012). 
 Sometimes companies do not update their website, but you can find information about them in its  Twitter  account, for example this is useful before a job interview (Bender & Oryl, 2013). 
 Currently, many professionals have a  digital portfolio , which enables them to show their work and skills online in a professional way. 
 Finally, as mentioned above, always remember to be careful with pictures or comments you post on  Facebook  or  Twitter  because potential employers can see them. Today recruiters are using social media to find out and learn about candidates, prior to making a decision to hire them (Bender & Oryl, 2013). So if they check your profile, will they have a good or bad image of you? (Hori, 2012). 
 References 
 Adams, S. (2012) 4 ways to use Twitter to find a job, Forbes.com, p. 1, Business Source Complete, EBSCOhost [Accessed 27th November, 2014] 
 Adams, S. (2013) An expert's seven tips for using social media to get a job, Forbes.com, p. 2, Business Source Complete, EBSCOhost [Accessed 26th November, 2014] 
 BBC News (2014) Using social media to find a new job. [online video] Available at:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DpKd8nMhvQ 
[Accessed 28th November, 2014] 
 Bender, S. & Oryl, C. (2013) Use social media to enhance your career, Pennsylvania CPA Journal, 83, 4, pp. 4-5, Business Source Complete, EBSCOhost [Accessed 26th November, 2014] 
 Brand, P. & Arasteh, S. (2013) Using LinkedIn and Twitter for job search and career management,  Career Planning & Adult Development Journal , 29, 3, pp. 33-44, Education Research Complete, EBSCO  host  [Accessed 26th November, 2014] 
 Hori, R. (2012) Cleaning up your social media presence, Businessweek.com, p. 5, Business Source Complete, EBSCOhost [Accessed 26th November, 2014] 
 Jacobs, D. (2013) How to use social media to find a job, Forbes.com, p. 22, Business Source Complete, EBSCOhost [Accessed 26th November, 2014] 
 LinkedIn (2014) Grow Your Opportunities | LinkedIn Celebrates Success. [online video] Available at:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKwjgcuftbg 
[Accessed 28th November, 2014] 
 What is your opinion about it, do you use social networks to look for jobs? Do you think that is fair that potential employers are checking your Facebook when this is a personal space? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Facebook ,  LinkedIn ,  Twitter   6 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 « Social media monitoring: learning to listen and respond to customer 
 Writing journalist content for mobiles » 
 6 thoughts on "Using social media in your job search" 
 
 Maricela Gomez Santana 
 
  November 30, 2014 at 11:10 pm  
 I am totally agree with you about the importance of social media in helping to find a good job. I found very useful your advice on having an updated profile. Also I think you are right that we have to be careful with the comments and pictures we post on social networks, because these can affect positively or negatively our futures employer’s perceptions of us. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [Lourdes](https://lourdesvillalobos.wordpress.com)
 
  December 1, 2014 at 2:37 pm  
 Dear Maricela, currently thanks to the Internet (websites, social media) we can easily access to companies where we want to work, and we have to take advantage of this but always taking care of our "image" in social networks. When we post on Facebook or Twitter we have to think that our future employer may read these posts. Thank you for your comment. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 ruthrenymariana 
 
  December 2, 2014 at 3:28 pm  
 I love LinkedIn, it is totally useful, even on LinkedIn people could endorse your skills. That is pretty cool actually 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [lvillalobospe](https://lourdesvillalobos.wordpress.com)
 
  December 2, 2014 at 9:33 pm  
 Dear Ruth, LinkedIn ask your contacts if they want endorse you with some skills, but not necessarily you have to accept these ones. Also, you can choose your skills on LinkedIn and according to these ones, your contacts can endorse you in a proper way. Thank you for your comment. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Macarena López Mazzeo 
 
  December 2, 2014 at 6:07 pm  
 Great post!! I agree that everyone should be careful on their use of social media when applying for a job 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 lvillalobospe 
 
  December 3, 2014 at 11:38 am  
 Dear Macarena, many people do not know that potential employers review our profiles on social networks before making the decision to hire us. But I wonder if it is fair because for example Facebook is a personal social network to share with friends and family. Thank you for your comment. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
 
 
 Marketing Books in Amazon 
 Marketing Books 
 Pearson Education: book, ebooks, digital learning 
 Marketing Books 
 My Website 
 
 Book 
 Digital Marketing by Dave Chaffey 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Digital Marketing to recruit University Students in the UK 
 Writing journalist content for mobiles 
 Using social media in your job search 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2019 
 March 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 Entrepreneur Mindset 
 
 
 Hedy's Digital Marketing Blog 
 
 
 Seo Company in London 
 
 
 London Wiki 
 
 
 Healthy International Students Blog 
 
 
 Sonia's Blog 
 
 
 Apple Island Writer 
 
 
 The Knowledge Box 
 
 
 Insert Generic Blog Name Here 101 
 
 
 By Craig Weiss 
 
 
 Lanie's Blog 
 
 
 Carrots and Tigers 
 
 
 London's New Girl 
 
 
 Commas and Ampersands 
 
 
 Playing in the World Game 
 
 
 Social Media Tips Washington DC 
 
 
 Online Digital Marketing UK 
 
 
 Paul Taylor 
 
 
 Shalini's Books & Reviews  
 
 
 tay36.wordpress.com/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 72andSunny 
 Digital Marketing 
 Digital Marketing Strategy 
 email marketing campaign 
 Email Marketing Strategy 
 KLM 
 Marketing blog 
 Marketing online 
 Mobile 
 Mobile Marketing 
 Online Marketing 
 Online Marketing Strategies 
 recruitment university students 
 SMS 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Channels 
 Social Networks 
 Starbucks 
 Uncategorized 
 university students 
 User generated content 
 
 Tags 
 Airline Marketing   Coffee Shop   Content Marketing   Digital Campaign   Digital Journalist   Digital Marketing   Email Campaigns   email marketing   Facebook   KLM   LinkedIn   Liverpool Echo   Online Content   Online Marketing   SMS Campaigns   SMS Marketing   Social Media   Social Media Monitoring   Social Media Optimization   Social Networks   Starbucks Coffee   Starbucks UK   Text Messages Campaign   Twitter   Viral Campaign   Viral Marketing 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Marketing Books 
 Digital Marketing to recruit University Students in the UK 
 Writing journalist content for mobiles 
 Using social media in your job search 
 Social media monitoring: learning to listen and respond to customer 
 SMS marketing campaigns 
 Email Marketing: a powerful tool in the digital age 
 KLM "Trace the place", good example of viral marketing 
 Starbucks Coffee shows its human face in social networks with a global campaign 
 Contact 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Entrepreneur Mindset 
 The Digital Marketer's Blog 
 Hedy's Digital Marketing Blog 
 Seo Company in London 
 https://www.vggroups.com 
 London Wiki 
 What's Best Near London? 
 Healthy International Students Blog 
 it is about living healthily for a reasonable price. 
 Sonia's Blog 
 Take an adventure with me as I learn about the world of digital marketing. 
 Apple Island Writer 
 by Fiona Stocker 
 The Knowledge Box 
 Delicately curated ideas to inspire you. 
 Insert Generic Blog Name Here 101 
 memoirs of a struggling marketing student 
 By Craig Weiss 
 The Truth and Realities of E-Learning 
 Lanie's Blog 
 Explore the world with me! 
 Carrots and Tigers 
 A travel and lifestyle blog 
 London's New Girl 
 TAKING ON THE BIG CITY 
 Commas and Ampersands 
 Books | Travel | Geek Chic 
 Playing in the World Game 
 As One 
 Social Media Tips Washington DC 
 Online Digital Marketing UK 
 SEO | SMM | PPC | WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT | EMAIL MARKETING 
 Paul Taylor 
 Innovation - Productivity - Creativity 
 Shalini's Books & Reviews  
 tay36.wordpress.com/ 
 DOES SHE EVEN BLOG? 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
