Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Electrician 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200694 
 Position Available:  Electrician 
 Status:  Regular Full-Time 
 Department:  Facilities 
 Union:  CUPE 
 Shifts:  Days/ Evenings/Nights 
 Rate of Pay:  $30.82 - $31.64 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on September 11, 2020. 
 The Facilities department is currently seeking a regular full-time Electrician to join their team. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Performs maintenance, troubleshooting, repairs, installations and testing of electrical systems, equipment and appliances throughout the Hospital and grounds 
 Strict adherence to all applicable codes, standards and regulations 
 Performs troubleshooting, repairs and installations to control circuits and wiring 
 Advanced user of building automation system (BAS) 
 Complete preventative maintenance tasks as assigned 
 Completes work orders in a timely manner with accurate documentation of work performed in a computerized maintenance system 
 Carries out duties as a member of the hospital fire team 
 Provides verbal or written reports as required 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Must possess a valid Certificate of Qualification (Ontario License) Electrician. 
 Additional Certificate of Qualification in a related field is an advantage. 
 Minimum of 5 years' experience working as a licensed Electrician in a Facilities maintenance role. 
 Advanced knowledge of complex building systems and control circuits and wiring. 
 Working knowledge of building automation systems (BAS). 
 Additional mechanical and electronic experience would be an asset. 
 Good record keeping, computer and communication skills. 
 Hospital experience is preferred. 
 Knowledge of all applicable codes, standards and guidelines. 
 Reliable attendance and punctuality. 
 
 EXPECTATIONS: 
Employees are expected to demonstrate our values of compassion, accountability, respect and excellence; to our patients, families and each other; attend work regularly because regular attendance is critical to maintaining this level of excellence. 
 HOW TO APPLY: 
Qualified and interested applicants are encouraged to apply by clicking the "Apply for Job" button and proceed with the necessary steps. Please note that although we appreciate each and every application, only candidates selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a visionary community hospital, demonstrating commitment to strong successful relationships between its patients, their families and its health care teams. You will have the chance to join JBH as it embraces its vision, strategic plan and carries out the largest capital redevelopment in its history. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act ('AODA'). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources at 905-632-3737 ext. 4129. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
