Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Accounting Assistant 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Classification & Regular Hours 
 Hours per Week:  35 
 Salary Grade:  Level N 
 Please note, this is a temporary full-time contract opportunity with an expected end date of October 31, 2021 to cover a secondment. Secondments are welcome. 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Financial Services provides financial leadership, services and guidance in support of the academic, research and service activities of Western’s community. Research Finance provides exemplary financial management to our research community. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Accounting Assistant provides financial and administrative support to Financial Officers in the Research Finance unit. The incumbent is the initial point of contact for researchers and administrative personnel, providing guidance and information related to financial transactions, account statuses, flow of funds and financial reporting. The Accounting Assistant also handles inquiries pertaining to sponsor guidelines and University policies to ensure adherence. As a member of the Research Finance team this role directly supports our research community and Western’s mandate to foster research excellence. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 2 Year Community College Diploma in Accounting 
 
 Experience: 
 
 2 years of experience working in a computerized financial environment 
 Experience working at an educational institution is preferred 
 Experience working with PeopleSoft Financials is preferred 
 
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 
 
 Intermediate Microsoft Office Word and Excel skills 
 Well developed organizational skills required to effectively handle multiple tasks and deadlines 
 Ability to understand and effectively communicate internal and external policies, guidelines and practices to stakeholders 
 Strong interpersonal and communication skills to handle enquiries and resolve issues in a professional and timely manner 
 Communication skills to clearly express ideas in an objective manner and adapt communication style to suit the situation and the audience 
 Demonstrated ability to work independently, take initiative and follow through on work assignments 
 Proven ability and natural inclination to interact with people in professional, respectful and diplomatic manner 
 Ability to provide guidance and support to ensure compliance with processes in a way that is positively received 
 Attention to detail with the ability to process information with high levels of accuracy while meeting deadlines 
 Initiative and ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment with minimum supervision 
 Analytical and problem solving skills to address and resolve non-routine challenges 
 Adapts willingly to new or changing requirements and embraces new ideas 
 
 Union Statement 
 Western welcomes applications from all qualified individuals; however, it is the university's policy to give first consideration to all qualified UWOSA applicants. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
