Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 People Greeter 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Pointe-Claire, QC 
 Apply Now 
 A People Greeter welcomes and assists each Customer as he/she enters the store, ensures Customer safety near the store entrance. 
 Position Responsibilities 
 
 Practicing the 3 meter Attitude. • Welcoming each Customer to Wal-Mart by smiling, greeting in a friendly tone with a "Hello" or "Welcome to Wal-Mart". • Attaching return tickets to all merchandise entering the store. • Identifying large outbound purchases such as TV’s and verifying the customer’s receipt (item and date). • Checking and verifying associate bags and purchases upon exit. • When the EAS system is activated they assist in identifying the root cause and logging the incident. • Observing and reporting any suspicious behaviors to management and Loss Prevention. • Reacting to code ADAM pages as per the guidelines. • Bringing any system failures to the management teams attention for service. • Wiping down wet carts coming in from the rain. Additional Responsibilities • Adheres to all company policies and standard operating procedures. • Other responsibilities may be assigned. 
 
 Canada Walmart Division 
 Retail Store Associates 
 Qualifications 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Mathematical Skills • Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. • Ability to compute rate, ratio and percent. • Ability to determine the number of individual things in a unit or group. Basic Reading/Writing Skills • Ability to understand the meaning of written or printed matter and to record information by inscribing characters or symbols. 
 Licensing & Other Qualifications 
 The Associate must complete all Wal-Mart Basic and Advanced Training Modules and classes. 
 Physical Demands 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an Associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. • The Associate is regularly required to walk or stand. • The Associate must regularly lift and/or move up to 18kg (40lbs.). • The Associate will be required to perform tasks involving firm grasping. • The Associate will occasionally be required to bend, twist or squat. • The Associate will be involved in frequent repetitive hand actions. • The Associate will be required to reach above shoulder height and below waist level. 
 Schedule Details 
 SA: 08:00am - 18:00pm 
SU: 08:00am - 18:00pm 
MO:17:00pm - 22:00pm 
TU: 17:00pm - 22:00pm 
WE:17:00pm - 22:00pm 
TH: 17:00pm - 22:00pm 
FR: 17:00pm - 22:00pm 
 Accessibility 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
