Skip to content    
 Search for: 
 
 North Somerset Life 
 North Somerset Council's digital digest 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Local events 
 Want to see more digital Life updates? 
 Social media 
 Accessibility statement 
 
 Search 
 Ambitious plans to protect jobs and boost economy 
 Posted on  September 11, 2020September 11, 2020  by  nswebinfo 
 Ambitious new plans to protect jobs and boost the economy following the global pandemic have been announced by North Somerset Council. 
 The council has agreed strategies to rebuild North Somerset’s economy in a sustainable, resilient way that will make a difference to those negatively affected by the coronavirus crisis. 
 The new Economic Plan sets out 15 commitments designed to create new jobs, bring in investment, generate opportunities for young people, address North Somerset skills gaps, and look to upskill individuals who are facing redundancy. 
 One of these key commitments is to launch an  Employment and Skills Strategy , focussing on empowering young people to achieve their potential, addressing under-employment and low pay, supporting those with barriers to employment, developing workforce skills for emerging jobs and creating conditions which enable businesses to attract and keep the talent they need. 
 These plans build on initiatives which have already launched this summer, such as installing outdoor seating in town centres until mid-October to help create space for the public to reconnect post-lockdown and encourage more people to visit town centres. 
 Ten-year vision for Weston 
 A long-term vision for how Weston-super-Mare will grow and change over the next decade has also been unveiled. 
 The  Placemaking Strategy  is the result of months of public events, consultation and engagement with thousands of businesses, visitors and residents. 
 Architecture studio  Turner Works  worked with the council to build this new strategy, in response to the changing face of the High Street. 
 Coronavirus is accelerating fundamental changes in town centres and so, now more than ever, there is a need to encourage people back to the High Street. 
 Earlier in the year Turner Works ran a number of public events under the  Super Weston  initiative, finding out about the history of the town, what people would like to see, and asking for wish lists and ideas. 
 The themes of this Placemaking Strategy include wellbeing and recreation, the town being green and low carbon, a great place to live, work and study, and, critically, helping the visitor economy and town centre adjust to fundamental changes accelerated by coronavirus. 
 Last month the council received a  £1.7m government grant  to repurpose empty vacant retail space in the town centre. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Posted in  Jobs and business growth ,  News 
 Post navigation 
 <- Explore historic buildings virtually 
 Discover North Somerset delights -> 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Care Children and young people Community Green spaces Healthy lifestyles Jobs and business growth Leisure and events Libraries and learning News Planning and development Recycling and waste Roads and travel Special features and editor’s picks Your council 
 Want to get more? 
 Sign up to our newsletter 
 Recent posts 
 
 Stay at home to save lives 
 Impact on council services 
 Don't miss out on business grants 
 Support for vulnerable people 
 Keep your wellbeing in check 
 
 Accessibility 
 Our statement 
 Useful Links 
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 
 
 Contact us 
 Online 
 www.n-somerset.gov.uk 
 Report it. Request it. Pay for it. 
 www.n-somerset.gov.uk/connect 
 by phone 
 8am-6pm Mon-Fri 
 Council Connect  for all streets 
and open spaces enquiries: 
01934 888 802 
 Care Connect  for all 
social services enquiries: 
01275 888 801 
 care.connect@n-somerset.gov.uk 
 Main switchboard: 
01934 888 888 
 Emergency (out of hours): 
01934 622 669 
 By social media 
 
 View NorthSomersetCouncil's profile on Facebook 
 View NorthSomersetC's profile on Twitter 
 View NorthSomersetC's profile on Pinterest 
 
 By post 
 North Somerset Council 
Town Hall 
Weston-super-Mare BS23 1UJ  Monday-Thursday: 8.45am-5pm 
Friday: 8.45am-4.30pm    Blog at WordPress.com.  Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
