Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Hiring Event 
 Uline 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Date:  Thursday, December 5, 8:00 am - 3:00 pm 
 Location:  1420 Blair Towers Pl, Gloucester, ON K1J 9L8, Canada 
 Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 36,000 products in our 788-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website. 
 At this event you will have the opportunity to chat one on one with a recruiter or manager about career opportunities on our sales team! 
 Event registration required. Apply now. 
 
 Sales Representative 
Position Responsibilities / Minimum Requirements 
Actively manage and grow accounts in a large, pre-existing customer base. 
Use our huge catalog of over 36,000 items to sell product solutions to companies of all sizes. 
Visit customers to understand their needs, provide real, practical solutions and deliver exceptional support. 
Use your outside sales experience to prospect and develop new, exciting business relationships. 
Bachelor’s degree OR High School diploma (with 3+ years of relative experience). 
1-3 years of outside sales representative experience preferred. 
Fluency in English and French a must. 
Available for overnight travel a must. 
 Sales Account Manager 
Position Responsibilities / Minimum Requirements 
Actively manage and grow accounts in a unique outside sales territory. This will include a large, pre-existing customer base. 
Use our huge catalog of over 36,000 items to sell product solutions to companies of all sizes. 
Use your outside sales experience to prospect and develop new, exciting business relationships. 
High school diploma or equivalent. Bachelor's degree preferred. 
3+ years outside sales representative experience. 
Excellent interpersonal, communication, problem-solving and presentation skills are a must. 
Fluency in English and French a must. 
Available for overnight travel a must. 
 Benefits 
 Extended medical and health coverage that includes medical, dental and vision. 
Basic life insurance, disability and wellness programs. 
RRSP with 5% employer match. 
Paid holidays and generous paid time off. 
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing. 
Tuition reimbursement. 
 Uline is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Uline is a drug-free workplace. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
