
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Rotational Associate Engineer - Electrical 
 Princeton University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Rotational Associate Engineer - Electrical 
 __ Princeton University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Rotational%20Associate%20Engineer%20%2D%20Electrical&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14237081/rotational-associate-engineer-electrical/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 22, 2020 
 Location: 
 Princeton, New Jersey 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Rotational Associate Engineer - Electrical 
 US-NJ-Princeton 
 Job ID:  2020-12139 
 Type:  Full-Time 
 # of Openings:  1 
 Category:  Engineering 
 Princeton University 
 Overview 
 The Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory (PPPL) is a collaborative national center operated by Princeton University for the U.S. Department of Energy. We are working to develop the scientific understanding and innovations needed to realize fusion as an energy source for the world. PPPL is one of 10 national laboratories in the DOE Office of Science, the nation’s largest single supporter of basic research in the physical sciences. Staff are Princeton University employees who receive generous benefits, including salaries, healthcare, vacation, and tuition reimbursement. Learn more here: www.Princeton.edu/hr/jobseekers/. 
 We aspire to provide a positive work environment that respects all individuals. We are committed to affirmative action, equal employment, diversity and inclusion. At PPPL, everyone’s perspectives are welcomed and valued, resulting in a positive environment. We strive to make the Lab inclusive for all, and to help all staff feel valued and appreciated. 
 The Engineering Rotational Program at PPPL provides engineering graduates with the experience and relationships to prepare for future technical leadership. The two-year program consists of four six-month rotations through engineering departments to develop your technical expertise through coaching, mentoring and training with leading engineers in the industry. Each rotation covers a wide range of assignments across all phases of the engineering product life cycle, from analysis and design to installation and operation and more. 
 We are looking for team players with excellent communication, problem-solving and analytical skills, and strong work ethic and leadership potential. 
 Responsibilities 
 Job Purpose: 
 The Associate Rotational Electrical Engineer performs work requiring the application of standard techniques, procedures and criteria. The two year job rotates through four different groups within Engineering, where the Associate is expected to strongly contribute in meeting project deliverables for each six month rotation. 
 The complete two year program can cover all phases of a project lifecycle, where the individual will apply rigorous electrical engineering principles, skills and methods to solve complex multi-disciplinary problems. 
 Following the third rotation, the Associate Rotational Electrical Engineer has established a fundamental understanding of the role of a Electrical Engineer at PPPL and is encouraged to apply for a permanent position within Engineering depending upon job availability and contingent upon sound work performance. 
 Core Duties: 
 
 
 Work under the supervision, coaching and mentoring of an engineer in each rotation to perform detailed engineering work requiring the application of standard techniques, procedures, and criteria. Uses sound engineering principles including hand calculations, engineering design and analysis software and industry standards in tackling a wide range of technical challenges within the rotational program. 
 
 
 Participates in preparing, contributing to or reviewing engineering documentation such as but not limited to: design requirements, design descriptions, interfaces, calculations, reports, memos and drawings. 
 
 
 Oversee and may be directly involved in the fabrication, assembly and installation of equipment on the assigned projects. 
 
 
 May oversee the work of 1-5 technicians in the fabrication and assembly of assigned work. 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 Education and Experience: 
 
 A bachelor degree in Electrical or Computer engineering is required. 
 Previous experience in a technical position, significant co-op experience, and/or practical and hands on experience in school labs and shops is highly desirable. 
 
 Knowledge: 
 
 
 The successful candidate should have an academic level understanding of: 
 
 
 Electronic Circuits 
 
 
 Circuits and board layout process 
 
 
 Semiconductors types, their functions 
 
 
 Digitial Logic 
 
 
 Signal Processing techniques 
 
 
 Software Development process 
 
 
 
 
 Some experience working with: 
 
 
 Control systems, 
 
 
 Embedded systems 
 
 
 Power delivery systems 
 
 
 
 
 A working knowledge of basic physical sciences is very desirable 
 
 
 **Skills: ** 
 
 Soldering 
 CAD software (EAGLE is preferred) 
 Circuit analysis software 
 Programming languages (C, C++, Python, VHDL/HDL), 
 Technical writing. 
 
 Abilities: 
 
 Exceptional communication, strong initiative, self-starter, self-advocating, highly proactive, with the ability to work with individuals having diverse skillsets. 
 
 Certificate and Licenses: 
 
 FE exam success and EIT status is highly desirable 
 
 Physical Requirements: 
 
 As explained earlier, the Rotational Engineering Program will have the candidate rotate through four roles in six month increments. This will expose the candidate to a wide variety of working environments at PPPL (Computer time, laboratory and fabrication areas, assembly / installation areas, etc). 
 
 Princeton University is an   Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer  and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   EEO IS THE LAW  
 Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. All PPPL employees are required to disclose any participation in a foreign government talent recruitment program and may be required to withdraw from such programs to remain employed under the DOE Contract. 
 PI127676323 
 
 
 Internal Number: 127676323 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  Princeton University 
 Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and in the service of all nations. Chartered in 1746, Princeton is the fourth-oldest college in the United States. Princeton is an independent, coeducational, nondenominational institution that provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering.As a world-renowned research university, Princeton seeks to achieve the highest levels of distinction in the discovery and transmission of knowledge and understanding. At the same time, Princeton is distinctive among research universities in its commitment to undergraduate teaching.Today, more than 1,100 faculty members instruct approximately 5,200 undergraduate students and 2,600 graduate students. The University's generous financial aid program ensures that talented students from all economic backgrounds can afford a Princeton education. 
 Connections working at  Princeton University 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
