Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Caissier - Temps partiel 
 Pharmaprix 
 __Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1000 Du Seminaire Unite 4, St-Jean-Sur-Richelieu, Quebec, J3A 1E5 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY:  Maintain excellent customer service and checkout area for prompt and accurate processing of the customer’s order. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: CUSTOMER SERVICE • Provides excellent customer service and positively engages with all customers • Maintains a neat and organized checkout area • Greets all customers and displays warm demeanor • Accurately scans or enters product data • Accurately accounts for cash and coupon, lottery, and PC Optimum • Asks for customer’s PC Optimum Card during each transaction • Answers enquiries regarding location of product, rainchecks, refunds, PC Optimum MERCHANDISING • Ensures proper documentation completed with respect to customers receipt and return of goods • Completes merchandising tasks as directed and maintains efficient flow of merchandise from backroom to sales floor • Merchandises and maintains designated areas (i.e. facing, signing, labeling, etc) • Advises appropriate person regarding stock outs/shortages • Performs stock counts and orders for designated areas LOSS PREVENTION • Ensures loss prevention Standards are followed • Controls cash, lottery, and stamp inventory in accordance with prescribed cash handling policies and procedures • Maintains proper security of cash and merchandise GENERAL • Presents proper image to the public in accordance with Uniform Policy and Dress Code Guidelines (i.e. clean appearance, approved uniform, name badge) • Complies with all health and safety regulations • Complies with all store policies and procedures • Ensures the standards of housekeeping and image are maintained • Perform other duties as required • Completes all training and new initiatives on SDMU QUALIFICATIONS • Planning, Judgement and Decision Making • Balance teamwork and efficiency in processing the customer order • Organization and neatness • Cope with register and credit authorization issues • Determine customer satisfaction • Efficiency in processing the customer order • Troubleshoot cash issues EXPERIENCE • Strong computer and register skills • Well organized with ability to record keep • Detail oriented • Ability to provide a proactive approach in customer service and problem-solving • Effective verbal and written communication skills • Ability to work independently • Ability to function as part of the team in a fast paced environment • Commitment to providing customer service WORKING CONDITIONS • Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS • Ability to lift up to 50 pounds • Ability to climb ladder The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Pharmaprix store or community pharmacy? 
 Work for a local business owner while having the support of a strong retail brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Pharmaprix University (UPHX). 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Associate Owners in the Pharmaprix network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
