  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Wrexham, Wales 
 Rate:  £17.56 - £21.88 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Youth Justice Assistant Team Lead 
 Wrexham Youth Justice Service need an Assistant Team Lead, to join their team on a month-by-month basis, to cover maternity leave until potentially April 2021. 
 In this role you will assist the Team Leads to manage the Youth Justice Service in line with departmental policy, and will assist in the management of fieldwork services for the client group. 
 As an Assistant Team Lead you will manage between 5 and 15 members of staff including social work degree and other students. 
 As an Assistant Team Lead you will be responsible for assisting the Team Lead in managing the team through its procedures and activities, ensuring the team operates efficiently and effectively to meet the needs of their service users. 
 You will ensure all assessments and reviews are carried out in a timely manner and ensure visits and contact with children and families meet minimal standards and are both adequately and accurately recorded. 
 You will assist in any safeguarding investigations and investigating customer complaints. 
 In this position you will also be responsible for planning, allocating and evaluating the work carried out by the team, as well as providing guidance and supervision to staff. 
 You will also be expected to produce records, reports and specialist reports as required, and assist in developing and implementing improvements to system and service delivery. 
 To be successful in your application, it is essential that you hold a degree within youth justice or a related field, and have experience of working with young people in a Youth Justice or Social Care setting. 
 Applicants must have demonstrable knowledge o the Children Act (1989), Social Service and Well-being Act, Mental Health, Crime and Disorder Act and Circulars. 
 You should also have experience of managing staff and be able to travel across the County Borough to carry out work, and hold an enhanced, current DBS. 
 If this sounds like you, then apply now, or get in touch with Natasha at Service Care for more information. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  1 Month + 
 
 
 Rate:  £17.56 - £21.88 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Wrexham, Wales 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Public_Sector 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208968 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-30 15:34:32 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Facilities Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Surveyor 
 Extra Care Scheme Manager 
 Band 7 Psychiatric Liaison Nurse 
 Highways Engineer 
 Highways Inspector 
 Highways Technician 
 Childrens Deputy Manager 
 New Owner Executive  
 Childrens Joint Commissioner, Lewisham 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
