everywomanews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Michele Weldon 
 
   
 <- Women Journalists Making Sense Not Noise Across the Border 
 On A Blue Sky View of Chicago Media -> 
 November 2, 2010 * 8:49 pm 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 "Eat Your Fear" For Your Career 
 
 "Eat your fear and go for it," Maria Hinojosa of CNN and public radio fame advised the crowd at the recent Journalism & Women Symposium conference in Texas. It's good advice. And advice was what was on hand in the buffet of career suggestions offered at the panel I moderated, " Portfolio Careers ." 
 Journalists are no longer able to survive with singular specialties. What is required is affinity for change, a mega-nimble approach to adapting to the marketplace and a willlingness to shape your talents to the needs of media outlets and organizations. All of this was evidenced by the panel of superstars who quilt together professions highlighting different interests and passions. 
 Roberta Baskin, a broadcast investigative journalist with 75 illustrious prizes to her name, has moved from the post of executive director for the Center for Public Integrity, and is now senior communications advisor at the Office of the Inspector General for Health and Human Services. Her years in Chicago and Washington, D.C., working for ABC's "20/20," CBS' "48 Hours" and "CBS Evening News," as well as "NOW with Bill Moyers," prepared her for a shift in career where her skills as an investigative reporter help uncover fraud, scams and crimes that harm the American public on a grand scale. 
 Arnesa Howell advised the audience to manage time efficiently, as she moves from her posts as full-time freelancer, editor and consultant in Washington, D.C. writing for People, Uptown, Heart & Soul, USA Weekend and adjunct speaking gigs at Georgetown University and American. 
 Charreah Jackson is doing it all out of New York as a writer, speaker, editor and family life educator. She is associate editor at Heart & Soul and a social media editor at Siren PR, as well as head of her own communications company, Studio Social. 
 Linda Kramer Jenning is the Washington, D.C. editor for Glamour and an adjunct at Georgetown in journalism. A former Associated Press reporter, she has worked as an editor for People as well as in stints in broadcast outlets. She juggles editing as well as freelance work. 
 Gone are the days of journalists spending 25 years in a single media job resulting in a gold watch, gold pen or party with champagne in the newsroom with a single layer cake. You do what you can for outlets who will contract with you for your efforts. And you make it all work because you need to make it all work. 
 You eat your fear. 
 When I was a student at  Northwestern's Medill School of Journalism  in the 1970s, every instructor spoke with great reverence about how we should all aspire to be reporters on the national desk for the New York Times. It seemed a noble goal, but I also looked around and decided that if my class that year had 150 students in it, and every class all four years had 150 or more students each, then 600 students every year were told to get the same job at the New York Times. 
 Chances are they had been telling students for the last 10, perhaps 20 or 30 years the same thing. So anywhere from 6,000 to 18,000 people were right now trying for the same job. And the one person in that job wasn’t leaving. 
 I learned before my writing career even began that I would make my own way and craft for myself a challenging and fulfilling career out of writing that satisfied me and met no one else’s idea of success. 
 Now I teach at that journalism school. In the last 30 years, I have worked on staff as an editor at three magazines and one major daily newspaper. I have freelanced regularly for dozens of daily newspapers, magazines, websites and written for radio. I have written thousands of articles appearing in hundreds and hundreds of media outlets. 
 I even branched out to non-traditional writing experiments. About 15 years ago, I wrote health briefs for a new company whose idea was to have health tip annoucnements every morning on voicemail at different subscribing companies. Forward thinking we all thought. But not forward thinking enough. Even laughable right about now. 
 I am a journalist, but do not have one journalism job. I teach journalism, have published three books, am revising my fourth and brainstorming on a fifth. I have a bi-monthly magazine column, three websites, two blogs. I have three sons and am right now paying two college tuitions. I just finished paying for the basement reconstruction after a flood. 
 I write for money. I write because I love to write, but also because I love to pay the mortgage. 
 I give speeches. I give writing workshops. For clients, I have written brochures, slideshow scripts, photo exhibit captions, annual reports, and for a little bit in the 90s I was the parenting columnist for Kellogg’s monthly newsletter, The Best To You. And I am not ashamed. 
 As my friend and colleague Lisa Shepard says, journalism is undergoing a revolution. And the rate of change is volcanic. 
 Success looks differently in 2010 and far beyond, than it did even 10 years ago. For sure, very, very differently than it did in 1975. There are new ways to get to work. New ways to share your multimedia journalism skills, new ways to produce content and put food on the table and non-sensible shoes on your feet, money in your account and books for your kids. Ways to brand yourself. Ways to prove your worth and get out there. Ways for people to seek you out. 
 There is no one right way. Not everyone gets on the national desk at the NYT. 
 One thing that was so striking about all the women on that panel is that they appeared fearless. They are striving ahead in many different areas, all by choice. 
 As Maria Hinojosa said, it is time to eat your fear. Bon appetit. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Features ,  Media ,  News ,  Newspapers 
 Tagged as  ABC ,  Alicia Shepard ,  broadcast ,  careers ,  digital media ,  employable ,  fear ,  Journalism & Women Symposium ,  journalists ,  magazines ,  Medill ,  New York Times ,  Newspapers ,  Northwestern University ,  portfolio ,  Texas ,  Women 
 <- Women Journalists Making Sense Not Noise Across the Border 
 On A Blue Sky View of Chicago Media -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 My sites 
 
 "Everyman News: The Changing American Front Page" by Michele Weldon 
 Author website for Michele Weldon 
 My Book Tour Page 
 Wrestling Mom: Victories in Wrestling, Cancer and Love 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Tipping the balance for equity in OpEds 
 What if women ruled the news, or at least half of it? 
 News of The World sleazy then & now 
 Journos: Stop the flaky questions 
 To Medill Grads: "Greatness is not a byproduct of timidity" 
 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 RT @ detroitnews : In addition to being a meme sensation, Sen. Bernie Sanders' wooly mittens have now helped to raise $1.8 million for charit…  5 hours ago 
 RT @ _DanMangan : Dr. Blue Jay   twitter.com/RexChapman/sta…   5 hours ago 
 RT @ ABC : Sens. Tim Kaine and Susan Collins are crafting a resolution to censure Donald Trump for inciting the Jan. 6 riot.  https://t.co/7BH…   5 hours ago 
 RT @ RexChapman : Plot twist. Pass it on...  https://t.co/phIjtbaJwG   5 hours ago 
 @ RawStory  Oops on the social media background check. You're fired.  5 hours ago 
 Follow @micheleweldon 
 
 
 
 everywomanews  * Media and Women 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
