Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registration/Booking Clerk, Gastroenterology - BC Children's Hospital 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Registration/Booking Clerk, Gastroenterology 
 Ambulatory Clinics, BC Children’s Hospital, Vancouver, $22.94 per hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Schedule and book patient appointments and follow-up appointments which includes booking complex interdisciplinary appointments, adjusting arrangements in accordance with patient and departmental requirements and notifying both patient and clinician, ensuring that appropriate date, time, and location are provided to patient, and placing appointment reminder calls to patients/families. 
Receive and register patients within a computerized scheduling system upon arrival. Ensure patient demographics and appropriate information is complete and accurate and follows up with appropriate parties as necessary. Advise appropriate professional that the patient has arrived. 
Perform referral functions including duties such as gathering additional/missing information, performing data entry, and receiving and processing related paperwork. Schedule new referrals based on established criteria and works with physicians, clinic nurses and other allied health professionals to appropriately schedule referrals based on clinical indicators. 
Perform receptionist and other clerical duties including answering telephones, responding to inquiries and requests for information, obtaining patient files as necessary, greeting patients and families, printing daily and/or monthly schedules, and forwarding problems and complex queries to appropriate personnel. 
Assemble and maintain client charts by utilizing appropriate forms and layout in accordance with established procedures and filing documentation. Telephone physicians’ offices or hospitals to request client information/documentation to ensure accuracy of records and charts. 
Maintain a variety of records by performing duties such as data entry, collating information, maintaining log sheets and patient statistics on items such as client/patient attendance, treatment types, client/patient or treatment cancellations, and waitlist information. Follow up with appropriate team members as necessary. 
Type and distribute a variety of material such as correspondence , reports, notices, agendas, notes/minutes of meetings and spreadsheets by utilizing various computerized word processing and spreadsheet software packages, creating files, and editing material for stylistic consistency and grammar as required. 
 What you bring 
 Completion of Grade 12 
Two (2) years’ recent experience, or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. 
Knowledge of medical terminology. 
 You will have the ability to: 
Keyboard 45 w.p.m. 
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
Deal with others effectively. 
Organize work. 
Operate related equipment. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Regular Full-Time 
 Wage:  $22.94 per hour 
4500 Oak Street, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
 Monday to Friday; Mon:  0930 -1730; Tue: 0930 -1730; Wed: 0930 -1730 Thurs: 0730 1530; Fri: 0930 -1730 
 Requisition Number:  101186 
 What we do 
 BC Children’s Hospital (BCCH) bcchildrens.ca provides care for the most seriously ill or injured children from across British Columbia. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of December 3, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
