Shabblogadu: wordsmiths on wordpress 
 A fine WordPress.com site 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 If you’re waiting to graduate before looking for a job, what are you studying for? 
 Posted on  August 27, 2015  by  Shabbadu 
 I’ll just leave this here for anyone currently studying with a view to working in a graduate position in the New Year. 
 A few years ago, from out of nowhere we received a request from a young lady who wanted to spend a week with us on placement during her (uni) school holidays. 
 We had no idea who she was at the time but she had clearly done her research before she called and when she spoke she was polite and keen. This was quickly followed by an email, which, surprisingly, contained no spelling mistakes and no obvious grammatical errors. 
 We made the necessary arrangements, made some space in our (then) small office and spent what we thought was a relatively low-key week with her in tow. At the end of the week, she thanked us very much for her time and all we’d taught her and sincerely stated that she wanted to work somewhere like Shabbadu when she graduated - we thought she was joking. 
 A year and a bit later I received an invite to attend her graduation. Unfortunately I was unable to attend as it was on a Friday evening during the ‘Christmas rush’. Still, within a fortnight she had requested an hour of my time to take me out to lunch as a thank you for all the advice and motivation we’d given her during the preceding few years. 
 When we met up she presented me with a 38-page bound document all about how she still really wanted to work at Shabbadu. It detailed the starting salary she was after and a list of all the things she could now confidently bring to the role. I was blown away. The amount of effort was astonishing. Yet there was no gimmickry or stunts involved. She simply set herself a goal, worked out a way to reach that goal, and did everything she could to achieve it. 
 Thousands of advertising, design and marketing students will graduate in the next few months. If you’re one of them and the place you want to work at doesn’t know your name, what the hell are you waiting for? 
 P.s: That girl’s name is Leah. She’s our graduate hire and she’s going to be an absolute gun. You might be too, but who’s going to give you the chance to prove it? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  advertising ,  branding ,  graduates . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- You are about to be advertised to. 
 5 tips from Albus Dumbledore that I used to get a great job -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thanks For Your Unwavering Support* *Terms and conditions apply. See in store for details. 
 Character is action – Using what your brand does to define what your brand is 
 Emojis: Linguistic evolution? Or stupid, bastardised Internet glitter? 
 5 tips from Albus Dumbledore that I used to get a great job 
 If you’re waiting to graduate before looking for a job, what are you studying for? 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 John G on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shabbadu on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 Rem on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 Sheridan on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 
 ankara web tasarim  on  How to make Google 'like… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2017 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Helpfulness 
 Informative 
 Interesting 
 Opinion/rant 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
