 + PLAY NOW FOR FREE  
 CREATE AN ACCOUNT   LOGIN   SUPPORT 
 
 The Game 
 
 Gameplay 
 The Story 
 Economy 
 Military 
 Politics 
 
 
 Media 
 
 Concept Art 
 Screenshots 
 Videos 
 Wallpaper 
 
 
 Community 
 
 Chat 
 Beta Testers 
 Thank You's & Links 
 
 
 News 
 
 Dev Blog 
 Press Releases 
 
 
 Founders 
 
 Founders & Supporters 
 
 
 
 Getting Started 
 Getting a Job 
 To get a job, you need to go to the Job Market. The Jobs are filtered by city, and you need to find a job in your own city, but you can look at what people are making in other cities. You can sort those Jobs being offered in your city. The jobs can be sorted by Pay per Hour as well as Pay Per Unit. They are as follows: 
 Pay per Hour:  This is the amount you will receive for every hour you work. 
 Pay per Unit:  This is what you will receive for every Production Unit (PU) you produce while working. An unskilled laborer with 50% Health and 50% Happiness produces 10 units per hour. The healthier and happier you are the more production units you will make. The higher your Work Experience, as well as experience in the type of job you are working at the more production units you will produce. 
 There are two different hiring types. 
 Instant:  In instant the job is available immediately and you can start working right away. 
 Review:  In review, you are submitting yourself and your resume to a potential employer, they can review the applicants and then offer you a job. You then accept the job and start working there. You can continue working at your current job, while you application is being reviewed. 
 There are 6 different types of jobs. You can gain experience in each type. By specializing in one you become a valuable skilled specialist. 
 
 Farming  - Where you produce food, cotton, timber, etc. 
 Factory  - Where you produce industrial materials and final products. 
 Military Factory  - Where you produce weaponry. 
 Mining  - Where you produce raw materials. 
 Transportation  - Where you ship products. 
 Construction  - Where you produce prefab buildings. 
 
 Once you are hired you can quit at any time, but you will be required to wait a certain length of time before applying for another position. 
 Back to Help Menu 
 (C) BIG IMPACT STUDIOS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 
 My Account   Help Center   Support   Terms of Service   Privacy Policy   WA Laws 
