Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 IESC Welcome Assistant 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Western University delivers an academic experience second to none. Western challenges the best and brightest faculty, staff and students to commit to the highest global standards. Our research excellence expands knowledge and drives discovery with real-world application. Western attracts individuals with a broad worldview, seeking to study, influence and lead in the international community. Since 1878, The Western Experience has combined academic excellence with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social and cultural growth in order to better serve our communities. 
 About Us 
 The Mission of Western International is to create, promote and support the University’s international strategy, while acting as a resource to faculties and departments across the Western community. Western International includes the International and Exchange Student Centre, International Learning, International Student Recruitment and International Relations. 
 Key goals of Western International include: 
fostering international learning opportunities 
recruiting and supporting international students 
enhancing overall global activity and awareness 
 The International and Exchange Student Centre (IESC) offers a full range of programs and services to support international students during their stay at Western. 
 Responsibilities 
 The IESC Welcome Assistant will be responsible for the following: 
 Call and email Western students daily while they are completing their 14-day quarantine after they have travelled to Canada from overseas. 
Provide students with important update and information on how to safely quarantine, accessing online services, as well as any settling-in information as needed. 
Answer students’ questions and concerns that they may have. 
Reply to student’s email inquiries in a timely fashion 
Enter data in the system and ensure that it is kept up to date. 
Stay updated with information 
Work closely with other IESC Welcome Assistants and Western International staff 
Attend all mandatory virtual training sessions and regular meetings with supervisors. 
Other duties as assigned 
 Qualifications 
 Must be available to work up to 7 hours per week. The applicant is expected to contact students 7 days a week. 
 Hours will vary per week, dependent on the number of students who need to be contacted. 
 Education: 
Must be a full time student at Western (enrolled in minimum 3.5 courses), and expect to retain full-time student status for the duration of this appointmen 
 Experience: 
Must have volunteered as a part of the IESC Welcome Centre – Quarantine Check-In Team in the Fall 2020 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Cross-cultural awareness and sensitivity 
 Strong organizational skills and attention to detail 
 Strong work ethic and sense of responsibility 
 Team worker 
 Strong computer skills (familiarity with Excel, Microsoft Teams, Outlook and Zoom); openness to learning new technology 
 Self-directed and able to work under minimal supervision 
 Reliable and dependable with the ability to consistently work assigned schedule 
 Ability to work in a manner compliant with confidentiality requirements 
 Knowledge of the International and Exchange Student Centre and Western International and the programs and services offered 
 Knowledge of the University and its services 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, please supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
