Skip to navigation 
 
 Home 
 Return to Content 
 
 
 Menu 
 [ 
 OWN IT 
 regain control and live life on your terms professionally and personally 
 ](https://thekudosgroup.wordpress.com/ "OWN  IT") 
 January 29, 2014 
 This is my first job so how can I offer experience ? - Tips on how to use transferable skills 
 You have prepared and researched, you have lots of enthusiasm and energy, self-belief, a good academic background and a real interest for the job, but you know the only thing you don't have is a huge amount of experience to offer, or so you might think. 
 Understanding transferable skills can really help sell yourself and show how skills you may have developed through education , hobbies and personal interests will help to show how rounded you are . These early skills could show how you would fit with the ethos of a company and how they could be applied to a particular role for which you may be applying. Keep these relevant and do not go over the top or make them up, use examples rather than statements to demonstrate. 
 "I am a team player" means nothing on its own, however, "every weekend for the last 3 years I have played football for a local team", not only shows you are a team player but shows commitment and that as part of a team you are able to give and take instruction, you might be responsible for taking subs, so trust and handling of money shows you are prepared to accept responsibility. Leadership could be also be added to the list if you have captained the team. So through one simple activity you can soon give someone an indication of how you have developed and how you might fit into an organisation. 
 Think of other examples that could demonstrate how you 
• Relate to others 
• Communicate – give or take instruction 
• Make Decisions 
• Organisation and Plan your time 
• Accept responsibility 
 Use that summer job as a waiter to identify skills you learnt, in time management; getting food to the customer on time and hot, communicating with customers, ensuring you understood their requirements and passing them to the kitchen; how in dealing with difficult or problem customers you were able to show flexibility and maybe accept responsibility, think of examples to demonstrate a situation and how you dealt with it to ensure the customer returned. 
 Travel experiences, clubs/societies , community projects and voluntary, work are another excellent example of transferable skills, someone can learn a lot about your values and how you interact with different cultures , differing abilities and what things are important to you. 
 So you do have skills to offer after all. Read the role for which you are applying and pick out the skills that you think they are looking for, and then prepare two or three simple examples to demonstrate how your skills can relate to them, you will also find that you will talk with passion about these things because they will be real to you. Finally don't forget that once you have a job, update your CV regularly with all the new skills you learn, this will help when applying for further jobs or promotions. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Uncategorized   0 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Are there any questions you would like to ask? 
 Form Your Future -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 7 Stages of Lockdown Working 
 Its Good To Mix Things Up A Bit! 
 Reflection and Refine 
 Why Am I Not Happy In My Job? 
 Career Management Challenges 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 January 2020 
 April 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 November 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2014 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 books 
 Business Coaching 
 career management 
 celebrate 
 challenges 
 change management 
 communication 
 continuous improvement 
 customer servcie 
 customer service 
 evaluate 
 freelance 
 goal setting 
 high performance 
 inspiration 
 Job Coaching 
 leadership 
 life coaching 
 Mentoring 
 milestones 
 momentum 
 motivation 
 new focus 
 persistance 
 planning 
 priorities 
 process improvement 
 quality 
 relax 
 reward 
 self awareness 
 self development 
 self employment 
 time management 
 Uncategorized 
 wellbeing 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Back to top 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
