Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 The Unbiased MLB Fan 
 A big fan of the game of baseball itself, who just happens to have no favorite team. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Matt Huddleston 
 
 Tag Archives: Career 
 Derek Jeter Shines In Final Home Game of Career 
 Posted on  September 26, 2014  by   Matt Huddleston 
 Reply 
 The Yankees officially fell out of playoff contention on Wednesday, making it just the first time since the 1992-1993 seasons that they have missed the playoffs in back-to-back years. But at Yankee Stadium on Thursday night, no one cared. There was a far more important reason that 48,613 fans (the most at any game this season) spent thousands upon thousands of dollars to jam pack the ballpark. 
 The reason was Derek Jeter. 
 Playing in his first home game in which the Yankees were eliminated from the playoffs, Jeter went into this game knowing it would be his final  game in New York of his career. 
 Even with that on his mind, the .313 career hitter at Yankee stadium was still able to block out his emotions for the most part (something he's been able to do extremely well over his career) and focus on the one thing he's been concerned about for years -- winning. 
 But things didn't start off as planned, as the first two batters of the game went deep to give the Orioles a quick two-run lead. Taking the fans from an electric crowd to a somewhat stunned crowd, you still figured this was far from where things would end. Not in Jeter's final game in the Bronx. 
 As has happened from stadium to stadium throughout this season, due to his preseason announcement that  2014 would be his final year , Jeter received a standing ovation when he made his way to the plate for his first at-bat of the night. The fans knew this would be one of their final opportunities to thank Jeter for the memories, and they took full advantage of it. But the memory making wasn't done. Not by a long shot. 
 After working the count a bit, Jeter drove a 3-1 fastball from Kevin Gausman deep to left center, and although everyone immediately thought it was a home run, the ball hit off the wall, allowing Jeter to coast into second with an RBI double -- the 544th double, 3,462nd hit and 1,308th RBI of his career. You got the feeling that this was going to be a magical night. 
 However, the second and third at-bats of the night weren't much to write home about for Jeter. A weak ground ball which resulted in a a fielder's choice and a swinging strikeout, respectively, Jeter appeared to be headed for a memorable but fairly uneventful evening as the game rolled on. 
 But things would quickly change for The Captain. 
 Coming up with the bases loaded in a 2-2 ballgame for his fourth time at the plate, Jeter grounded to fellow short stop, J.J. Hardy, who made a wide throw to second base, allowing two runs to score on the throwing error. The score became 4-2, Yankees, with Jeter being responsible for two of the Yankees' four runs. A sacrifice fly by Brian McCann then took the score up to 5-2, which is where things stood when the game moved into the ninth inning. 
 Before the game even began, many people speculated as to when Derek Jeter would be removed from the game. Many felt it would be with one or two outs in the top of the ninth, but the chance to replace him never occurred. Yankees' closer, David Robertson, came on and gave up a two-run home run to Adam Jones, followed by a solo shot by Steve Pearce, and just like that the game was tied. 
 But no one seemed to panic as they normally would. 
 One look at the lineup card showed that Jeter was due up third in the bottom half. 
 After a single by Jose Pirela to lead off the bottom of the ninth (Pirela was promptly replaced by a pinch runner), Brett Gardner bunted the runner to second, bringing up Derek Jeter in a tie ballgame with one out. 
 Wasting no time, Jeter took the first pitch of the at-bat the opposite way into right field, bringing around the game winning run -- the first walk off hit for Jeter since June of 2007. With everything having to go exactly right, there's absolutely no better way the game could've ended for Derek  Jeter. 
 He's a legend -- simple as that. 
 Going down as one of the best short stops in history -- right up there with Ozzie Smith, Cal Ripken Jr., etc. -- Derek Jeter will be remembered forever. 
 Not only as one of the greatest to ever play his position, not only as one of the greatest Yankees to play the game, but also as one of the greatest human beings to play the sport. Putting together a near spotless career on and off the field, few will argue that you will never see a player quite like Derek Jeter ever again. 
 And the fans let Jeter know it when he walked back onto the field after getting the game winning hit. Joined by fellow Yankees legends, Mariano Rivera, Joe Torre, Jorge Posada and Andy Pettitte, among others, Jeter took the time to thank the fans for their support, tipping his cap before taking off down the dugout steps and through the tunnel for the final time of his career. 
 Playing his entire twenty year career for the Yankees, the first ballot Hall of Famer didn't have a whole lot to say after the game. As has been the case over his career, Jeter never says more than he wants to say. But he did let his emotions show through a bit, tearing up a bit at times. When asked what he would miss most, Jeter responded, "Everything. But most importantly, I'm going to miss the fans. They're what made this special". 
 The 1996 American League Rookie of the Year, fourteen time All-Star, five time World Series champion, and sixth place player on the all-time hit list accomplished nearly everything he ever dreamed of doing on a baseball field. Growing up, all Jeter ever dreamed of was being the short stop for the Yankees, and he was able to do just that. Dreams really do come true. 
 With that being his ultimate goal, Jeter made it official after the game that he will never again play short stop, saying he's going to play in the final three games of the year up in Boston out of respect for the fans, but merely as the designated hitter. 
 As such, Jeter will undoubtedly get a standing ovation each and every time he steps to the plate up at Fenway park until his final at-bat occurs on Sunday. For a New York Yankee to get that type of respect from rival Red Sox fans, you know he had a truly remarkable career. As he always does, Derek Jeter put it best on Thursday night, simply stating, "I've lived the dream." 
 Rate this: 
 Posted in  Dailies  |  Tagged  2014 ,  2015 ,  Babe Ruth ,  Cal Ripken Jr. ,  Career ,  Derek Jeter ,  Final Game ,  Great ,  Hit ,  Honus Wagner ,  Joe DiMaggio ,  Kevin Gausman ,  Lou Gehrig ,  Major League Baseball ,  Mickey Mantle ,  MLB ,  October ,  Orioles ,  Ozzie Smith ,  Playoffs ,  Roger Maris ,  Short Stop ,  World Series ,  Yankees  |   Leave a reply 
 Q and A With Nick Travieso 
 Posted on  March 18, 2014  by   Matt Huddleston 
 Reply 
 Nick Travieso was drafted by the Reds in the 1st round of the 2012 draft. Since the draft, Travieso has had his share of ups and downs, but overall, he's been able to show flashes of his potential to become a top notch pitcher at the major league level, doing fairly well in a couple of minor league seasons. 
 In his first full season of pro ball in 2013, Travieso spent the year with Class-A Dayton, going 7-6 with a 4.63 ERA. While that's not overly impressive, Travieso was still in the process of learning how develop into the pitcher the many feel he can become. This season, look for Travieso to breakout. 
 Heading into his second full season in the minor leagues, there are a lot of eyes on Travieso, being so highly ranked. But if he can show what he's capable of, this season and beyond, it shouldn't be too long before Travieso finds himself pitching on the mound up in Cincinnati. 
 Nick Travieso -- top pitching prospect in the Reds' organization -- took the time recently to answer some of my questions: 
 1.) At what age did you first become interested in baseball? Who was your biggest baseball influence growing up? 
 I actually played hockey before I started playing baseball. I started playing baseball when I was four. My parents got me into it because I would like to throw things around the house. My biggest influence growing up would have to be my dad, mainly because we worked every single day on fundamentals and just getting better all around. He played a huge role in my success throughout my childhood career up to now. 
 2.) Who was your favorite baseball player growing up? Why? 
 Growing up I idolized Roger Clemens. I have always been a Yankee fan, and I loved watching the way he pitched. He attacked hitters regardless of who was at the plate, and I wanted to be like him one day. 
 3.) You were drafted by the Reds in the 1st round of the 2012 draft. What was that process like for you? Where were you when you first found out? Initial thoughts? 
 The process was tough just due to the fact that I had always planned on attending college. When I first found out, I was with my family and a few friends at my house just watching the draft. The first thing I said was how fortunate I was to be a part of such a great and successful organization. 
 **4.) Although you 've played a season and a half of professional baseball to this point, having been a relief pitcher the majority of your time in high school, are you still making the adjustment to being a starting pitcher? What's the most difficult part of the transition? Do you prefer starting or relieving? ** 
 It was a very long road for me. I was use to throwing 1-2 innings tops and taking a few days off before pitching again. I always liked closing just because I could throw every pitch as hard as I could and empty the tank knowing that I wouldn't have to throw for a few days again. There were a lot of adjustments, but the biggest one was getting my arm in shape for more than a couple of innings and building my body to gain stamina to maintain velocity. I personally love starting now. I love being in control of the game from the very beginning. 
 5.) Playing for Dayton in 2013, where attendance is usually high, did pitching in front of the large crowds have any impact on your pitching? 
 Pitching in Dayton for the first time was something I had never experienced before. I never threw in front of more than about 1,500 people. Coming from extended spring training, where we would have maybe 5 people at a game, to Dayton, where there are 8,000+, yeah, it had an impact. My adrenaline was running, and I couldn't really control it. But as I got more comfortable, I started to be able to control myself and start pitching the way I know how to. 
 **6.) **Talk a little bit about life on the road: What’s the most difficult aspect of it? What do you do to pass the time?**** 
 The hardest thing about being on the road is probably the bus trips. They are brutal. The trips range anywhere from 4-12 hours, and it's hard to do much but sleep. Our road trips usually leave either early mornings or late at night so we catch up on our sleep on the bus. Sometimes we'll have some cards to play or some movies to watch, but other than that, a lot of us use it as rest time. 
 **7.) _  Is there any one stat that you pay attention to throughout the season? Or do you try to steer clear of them altogether? **_ 
 It's hard to completely ignore stats. Although stats don't show everything, they are still very important. I try to stay away from them as much as possible but if there is one stat I tend to look at it would be my ERA. That's one stat that's always out there every start on the big screen, so it's one that, no matter how good or bad it may be, everyone can see. 
 8.) What do you feel went well in 2013? What are your goals for 2014? 
 I learned a lot in 2013; a lot about how to pitch. Everyone in pro ball can throw, but when you can pitch you have an upper hand. That's one thing I feel went well for me. The fact that I steered away from just throwing and actually learned how to pitch. 2014 is a big year for me. It'll be my second full season and I'm looking forward to it. I felt that the 2013 season was to get use to the whole process, but this year it's time to get out there and battle. I just want to stay healthy throughout the season and pitch the way I know how to. 
 9.) Favorite TV show? Favorite food? 
 I'm not so much a TV guy. I watch a lot of fishing/hunting shows, but lately I have been watching 'The Big Break NFL', just because it helps me with my golf game. I'm Cuban, so my favorite food is definitely Cuban food. It's hard to come by during the season, so when I'm home, I take full advantage of it. 
 10.) Lastly, what advice would you give to kids who are just starting out that dream of playing professional baseball one day? 
 The two things I would say is to never give up on your dreams and to work hard. I had a lot of ups and downs throughout my baseball career, but I never gave up. You have to be able to keep pushing to make it where you want to be, and you can't be satisfied until you get there. You have to work hard every day to beat out your opponents. One quote I live by is "hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard". Never stop working. 
 
 Big thanks to Nick Travieso for taking the time to answer my questions. 
 You can follow him on Twitter:  @NTravieso21 
 Rate this: 
 Posted in  Dailies  |  Tagged  2012 ,  2013 ,  2014 ,  Baseball ,  Breakout ,  Career ,  Cincinnati ,  Cuban ,  Dayton ,  Draft ,  First Round ,  High School ,  Interviews ,  Major League Baseball ,  MiLB ,  Minor League baseball ,  MLB ,  Nick Travieso ,  Pitching ,  Professional ,  Reds ,  Twitter  |   Leave a reply 
 2013 Silver Slugger Awards 
 Posted on  November 7, 2013  by   Matt Huddleston 
 Reply 
 The 2013 Silver Slugger award winners were announced last night on MLB Network. The Silver Slugger awards are given annually to the best offensive player at each position in both the American League and the National League, as determined by the coaches and managers of Major League Baseball. 
 The voters consider several offensive categories in selecting the winners, including batting average, slugging percentage and on-base percentage, in addition to coaches’ and managers’ general impressions of a player’s overall offensive value. (Managers can not vote for their own players.) 
 This marks the 33rd annual Silver Slugger Awards which began in 1980. 
 Here are a list of the winners with my thoughts on each: 
 OUTFIELD 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Barry Bonds holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as an outfielder, with twelve. 
 NL Winners   :  Michael Cuddyer (1st career), Jay Bruce (2nd career) and Andrew McCutchen (2nd career) 
 AL Winners   :  Torii Hunter (2nd career), Mike Trout (2nd career) and Adam Jones (1st career) 
 The National League saw Michael Cuddyer, Jay Bruce and Andrew McCutchen receiving Silver Slugger awards. All three are deserving, as they had great offensive years. This is just Michael Cuddyer's first Silver Slugger, despite being in the Majors for thirteen season. Adam Jones also receives his first career Silver Slugger, after batting .285 with 33 homers and 108 RBI's. In addition, Mike Trout and Torii Hunter pick up the award for the American League after great years. 
 FIRST BASE 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Todd Helton is tied with Albert Pujols for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a first baseman, with four. 
 NL Winner-  **** Paul Goldschmidt (1st career) 
 AL Winner-  **** Chris Davis (1st career) 
 Paul Goldschmidt and Chris Davis picked up their first career Silver Slugger awards for first base. They both led their respective league in home runs and RBI's in 2013, so it's not really a shock that they received the honor. Both have the potential to win more in their careers. 
 SECOND BASE 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Ryne Sandberg holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a second baseman, with seven. 
 _ NL Winner-  _Matt Carpenter (1st career) 
 _ AL Winner-  _Robinson Cano (5th career) 
 After a great breakout season, Matt Carpenter won his first career Silver Slugger award on Wednesday. Batting .318 with 13 home runs and 78 RBI's, Carpenter was a major impact player for the Cardinals this season -- a big reason why they made it to the World Series. Robinson Cano picks up his fifth career Silver Slugger, with this being his fourth one in a row. 
 THIRD BASE 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Wade Boggs holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a third baseman, with eight. 
 _ NL Winner-  _Pedro Alvarez (1st career) 
 AL Winner-  **** Miguel Cabrera (5th career) 
 Pedro Alvarez had a career season, leading to his first Silver Slugger award. Though his batting average was a mere .233, Alvarez hit 36 home runs and drove in 100 runs. Alvarez was a big part of the 2013 Pirates team and should remain so for years to come. Miguel Cabrera received the award for the American League, and it's no surprise at all. Cabrera hit .348 with 44 homers and 137 RBI's, nearly winning the Triple Crown for a second straight season. Truly remarkable. 
 SHORT STOP 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Barry Larkin holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a short stop, with nine. 
 _ NL Winner-  _Ian Desmond (2nd career) 
 AL Winner-  **** J.J. Hardy (1st career) 
 Ian Desmond won his second consecutive Silver Slugger award last night, as he had another great year. On the AL side, this is J.J. Hardy's first career Silver Slugger -- Derek Jeter won last year but was injured most of 2013 -- and he was very deserving. Hardy didn't have a very high batting average at just .266, however, his 25 home runs and 76 RBI's put him over the top for the award. 
 CATCHER 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Mike Piazza holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a catcher, with ten. 
 _ NL Winner-  _Yadier Molina (1st career) 
 _ AL Winner-  _Joe Mauer (5th career) 
 Surprisingly, this is Yadier Molina's first career Silver Slugger award, despite multiple good seasons in the past. Molina batted .318 with 12 homers and 80 RBI's and is a true leader for the Cardinals. As with Molina, Joe Mauer is also a leader for his respective Twins, however, this makes his fifth Silver Slugger of his career; just his first since 2010. 
 PITCHER 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  Mike Hampton holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a pitcher, with five. 
 _ Winner-  _Zack Greinke (1st career) 
 You don't often think of a pitcher with offensive skills, but Zack Greinke showed off his, and was the best hitting pitcher this past season. Batting .328 over the course of 58 at-bats, Greinke truly deserves this award and has the ability to win another one in the future. 
 DESIGNATED HITTER 
 Most Silver Slugger Awards:  David Ortiz holds the record for the most Silver Slugger Awards as a Designated Hitter, with six. 
 Winner-  **** David Ortiz (6th career) 
 David Ortiz is the record holder for most career Silver Sluggers as a DH, and he picked up yet another one for this season. Ortiz hit 30 home runs with 103 RBI's to go along with a .309 batting average. Ortiz was a big reason the Red Sox made it to the World Series, and ultimately led them to winning the Championship. 
 2013 SILVER SLUGGER AWARDS FAST FACTS 
 
 
 There were nine first time Silver Slugger award winners. 
 
 
 There were six Silver Slugger award winners that also won last year. 
 
 
 The Orioles had the most Silver Slugger winners, with three. 
 
 
 There were four Silver Slugger winners that also won a  Gold Glove  award this year. 
 
 
 Rate this: 
 Posted in  Dailies  |  Tagged  Adam Jones ,  AL ,  American League ,  Andrew McCutchen ,  Award ,  Baseball ,  Career ,  Catcher ,  Chris Davis ,  David Ortiz ,  Designated Hitter ,  DH ,  First Base ,  Ian Desmond ,  J.J. Hardy ,  Jay Bruce ,  Joe Mauer ,  Matt Carpenter ,  Michael Cuddyer ,  Miguel Cabrera ,  Mike Trout ,  MLB ,  National League ,  NL ,  Outfield ,  Paul Goldschmidt ,  Pedro ALvarez ,  Pitcher ,  Robinson Cano ,  Second Base ,  Short Stop ,  Silver Slugger Awards ,  Third Base ,  Torii Hunter ,  Yadier Molina ,  Zack Greinke  |   Leave a reply 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Final Post from 'The Unbiased MLB Fan' 
 Bagwell, Raines and Rodriguez Elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame 
 The Active Future Hall of Fame Player on Every MLB Team 
 Q and A With Jacob Gatewood 
 2017 Hall of Fame Ballot: If I Had a Vote 
 New Blogging Month of the New Year to be my Last 
 Last Blog Post Until 2017 
 Q and A With Daniel Norris 
 Free Agents as Early Christmas Presents for MLB Teams 
 In Trade-Crazed Baseball World, Dodgers Resigning Talent 
 
 
 
   Matt Huddleston 
 
 Follow The Unbiased MLB Fan on WordPress.com 
 Ballplayer Interviews 
 
 Adam Brett Walker II 
 Adam Greenberg 
 Addison Russell 
 Alex Kirilloff 
 Alex Meyer 
 Anthony Ranaudo 
 Billy McKinney 
 Brady Rodgers 
 Brandon Barnes 
 Brandon McCarthy 
 Bud Norris 
 Chris Beck 
 Cody Asche 
 Cody Buckel 
 Courtney Hawkins 
 Daniel Norris 
 Daniel Vogelbach 
 Ethan Chapman 
 J.P. Crawford 
 Jacob Faria 
 Jacob Gatewood 
 Jake Hager 
 Jason Adam 
 Jeremy Guthrie 
 Joe Kelly 
 Josh Hader 
 Kurt Suzuki 
 Kyle Gibson 
 Lane Adams 
 Luke Weaver 
 Mark Appel 
 Nick Kingham 
 Nick Travieso 
 Ray Black 
 Robby Rowland 
 Rookie Davis 
 Ryan O'Hearn 
 Scooter Gennett 
 Stephen Vogt 
 Steve Cishek 
 Tyler Danish 
 Tyler Pike 
 
 Baseball Game Recaps 
 
 2013 Season Recap 
 2014 Season Recap 
 2015 Season Recap 
 2016 Season Recap 
 3/8/14 Carlos Rodon Start 
 4/24/13 Bulls Vs. Mud Hens 
 4/3/12 Mudcats Vs. Indians 
 4/3/15 Grasshoppers Vs. Marlins 
 4/9/13 Bulls Vs. Braves 
 5/18/12 Bulls Vs. Red Sox 
 6/22/14 Smokies Vs. Lookouts 
 6/23/12 Reds Vs. Twins 
 6/29/13 Orioles Vs. Yankees 
 7/14/14 AAA Home Run Derby 
 7/16/14 AAA All-Star Game 
 7/26/13 Mariners Vs. Twins 
 7/9/12 MLB Home Run Derby 
 8/20/13 Bulls Vs. Knights 
 9/18/12 AAA Championship 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 274,836 hits 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
