  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Jobs in Hamilton | Working in New Zealand 
 Jobs in Hamilton 
 Are you interested in getting a job in Hamilton, New Zealand?  Throughout the city, there are numerous opportunities for skilled overseas workers to find full-time work.  Working In can help you with your job search.  Start browsing our Hamilton job vacancies today to find a role that matches your skills, experience and qualifications. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Jobs in Hamilton 
 Hamilton is one of New Zealand's fastest growing cities, offering some excellent job opportunities for skilled overseas workers.  Some of Hamilton's critical industries that are in high demand include construction, engineering, and education, for example. 
 To find the available Hamilton jobs on Working In, firstly note any specific conditions you require.  Are you seeking an entry-level role, or a full-time graduate job that matches your qualifications?  Perhaps you are looking for a job that offers more flexibility.  No matter what your individual requirements are, Working In is here to help you find your dream Hamilton job that suits your needs. 
 Full-Time Jobs in Hamilton 
 If you are an overseas worker and want to get a full-time job in Hamilton, one of the most important things you must do is get the right visa.  Certain positions in New Zealand appear on the Government's skills shortage lists.  If you already have a Hamilton job offer appearing on one of these lists, you may be able to apply for a resident visa.  You can check the Skilled Migrant System to see if you are eligible to apply.  Visit the  Immigration New Zealand Website  for more information about the Skilled Migrant System. 
 Working In has a range of full-time vacancies available for candidates qualified to work in New Zealand.  For example, the Hamilton City Council has strategic plans for further infrastructure growth throughout the city, making it a particularly great time to apply for jobs in the construction and engineering industry.  Some of the current job openings in this sector include qualified civil engineers, electrical engineers, mechanical engineers and full-time builders.  Browse our full range of Hamilton job vacancies to find more great career opportunities. 
 Hamilton Job Search 
 Working In helps skilled migrants find the best jobs in New Zealand.  Whether you're a recent graduate or an experienced worker looking to take the next step in your career, we aim to make your job hunt as straightforward as possible.  To find Hamilton job vacancies, use the helpful Working In search tool to find a role that suits your lifestyle.  Filter suitable jobs by region, city, industry, company name or salary range and apply today! 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
