Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Payroll Manager 
 SilverBirch Hotels & Resorts 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for a full-time Payroll Manager for our Corporate Office in Vancouver, BC. 
 Reporting to the SVP, Human Capital, the Payroll Manager is responsible for managing the Central Payroll Office and providing best practice payroll services to properties across Canada. This role is responsible for managing the in-house Scheduling, Time & Attendance and Payroll systems to ensure that all aspects of the payroll cycle are processed in a timely and accurate manner in accordance with Company policies, multi-union terms and multi-provincial regulations for 900+ associates. 
 Major Responsibilities and Duties (to fulfill major purpose): 
 
 Responsible for the overall integrity of payroll processes and systems to ensure timely and accurate payroll processing. 
 Lead, assist, mentor, and audit Payroll Administrator in the day to day payroll activities to meet payroll schedules and ensure the integrity of the pay files. 
 Responsible for the overall management, maintenance and full performance of the payroll system, including scheduling, time and attendance. 
 Interpret, apply and maintain knowledge of all agreements, regulations, laws and other requirements guiding the payroll execution including all Collective Agreements, Employment Standards Acts (ESAs), Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) regulations etc. 
 Process bi-weekly, union and non-union, hourly and salary payroll including processing of new hires, terminations, rate changes, garnishments, and other data relating to employee records and payroll processing. 
 Prepare payroll journal entries, reconciliations, scheduled and ad hoc payroll reporting as required. 
 Responsible for the coordination, conversion and transition of any new payrolls. 
 Lead the year-end payroll process. Process year-end T4s and other reporting and reconciliations to ensure tax forms are issued accurately and deadlines are met. 
 Liaise with external auditors, CRA, and others to ensure satisfactory response to queries and completion of various payroll related audits. 
 Partner with and effectively communicate with Human Capital and Finance to provide support regarding all payroll related matters. 
 Respond to payroll inquiries and initiate actions to address escalated issues. 
 Relief and backup for Payroll Administrator. 
 Perform other duties as required. 
 
 Skills, Knowledge and Abilities Required: 
 
 Demonstrated ability to exercise tact and discretion in dealing with sensitive and confidential information. 
 Demonstrated ability to lead an in-house scheduling, time & attendance and payroll system. 
 Ability to work with limited supervision and to meet departmental and individual deadlines. 
 Highly motivated with the ability to work well within a team environment. 
 Ability to supervise and lead a team focused on delivering a high level of customer service. 
 Leadership style that promotes an atmosphere of positive teamwork. 
 Knowledge of payroll best practices, payroll legislative policies, Employment Standards Acts and the impact on the payroll processing. 
 Strong problem-solving skills. 
 Detail oriented with excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Exemplifies a service-oriented mindset and responsiveness to payroll inquiries. 
 
 Working Conditions: 
 
 Normal office working conditions. 
 Occasional business travel required. 
 
 Experience, Training and Education (demonstrating requirements): 
 
 Successful completion of Certified Payroll Manager (CPM) certification together with 8+ years payroll experience plus 5 years in a managerial role. 
 Proficiency with MS Office, particular emphasis on Excel. 
 Experience working with the Avanti Payroll System considered an asset. 
 
 If you are interested in joining SilverBirch Hotels & Resorts, we want to hear from you! Please submit your resume. Applications without resumes will not be considered. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 payroll: 8 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
