  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Finance & Management  
 
 Finance & Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 2 months ago 
 Business valuation based on end of year accounts 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 5 Bids: 21 
 I am looking for someone to look over year end accounts for a company and give feedback regarding the financial health of the company with a view to making a potential investment into the company. To provide an initial valuation for the business and the rationale behind it. This is just the initial stage to gather thoughts, any investment will not be decided solely on this feedback.? 
? 
 This is for information purposes only. 
 Information that will be provided is 1 year of financial accounts 
 Required: 
- feedback about the financial health of the company along with the rationale 
- a valuation for the business based on the Information in the accounts and the thinking/rationale for it 
- any additional thoughts that may be helpful when looking over the data 
 As mentioned this exercise is to get an initial feel for the current financial condition. If it is something to be pursued then further due diligence will be conducted. It does not need to be a 50 page report, but contain enough information to show how the data has been reviewed along with the rationale for the outcomes. 
 Timescales to be completed by - within 3 days from job being accepted 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. K. United Kingdom 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 months ago 
 Need an expert in the sphere of Economics and Econometrics to solve... 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 12 
 Description: 
We are looking for Academic Expert to join our Team! Our services are offered to the clients allover the world. 
Now we have special project in the sphere of Economics and Econometrics. 
Payment: 30$-60$/order 
We offer:  Connection with our Support Team 24/7 
Qualifications:  Bachelor degree and depth knowledge of the subject, 
Skills of completing the tasks within deadlines Intermediate level of English 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Y. Last reply: 2 months ago  Ukraine 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 months ago 
 Business advisors / Financial engineers wanted 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 15 
 We are a digital financial agency offering business and finance consultancy on a project-basis. Our clients hire us to get business advice, revision, strategy and financial engineering. 
 Our clients are active in various industries and the majority of our clients are based in Europe, the United States, the United Kingdom and Africa. 
 We are currently scouting for business and financial profiles who we can work with on a project basis or an on-going basis. 
 The job starts on January 10th. A minimum of 1 day per week availability is required. Proper verbal and written English is a must as English will be the main language of communication. 
 If you’re interested please send your most recent resume and a motivational letter and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. J. Belgium 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 Equity / credit analysts 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I am looking for equity / credit analysts with experience in covering brazilian corporates for a long-term project. The job is to cover a portfolio of companies, financial modelling, write earnings update reports, ad-hoc comments on English. Specific industry expertise would be beneficial. 
Compensation will be discussed individually based on level of experience. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. B. Last reply: 2 months ago  United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 months ago 
 Provide bookkeeping support for our clients and sell service packag... 
 Published: 2 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 9 
 First thank you for taking the time to look our job offering. We are looking for someone to join our team full time. 
 The major number of our clients are Brazilians investors in the USA. Our main services are related to incorporating business in all 50 states(primarily in Florida) along with offering several accounting products and packages to maintain the business virtually without having to meet in person. 
 What to expect initially with this position? 
-First learn about our main services, and master our accounting services. 
 We also use QuickBooks to monitor activity for each client and perform their accounting needs. 
- Your job will be iniacially to contact clients and get clarification on their transactions so the dept of bookkeeping can properly classify and close books. 
-The entire process is done via emails and querysheets on google. But sometimes you could be required to speak on the phone. 
-You will have tasks to analyze current sales funnels for accounting packages, review email templates, automated msg and make better to optimize the client experience and minimize the time we spend to perform a service. 
 -Once you have some time with us and feel comfortable, additional tasks will be assigned as you acquire more experience. 
 What's our perfect candidate: 
-Someone with extreme attention to detail, eager to learn, innovate with ideas and willing to help with any task as needed. 
-Fluent in Portuguese and English, Spanish a plus. 
-Experience in accounting is required, must have some knowledge of finances and administration. 
- Experience with filling taxes in Brazil will help you a lot to master the USA system. 
 If you have what it takes and wants to participate in this amazing project reply to this post starting with this job is perfect for me. It will be a pleasure to speak with you and hopefully, we can work together. Thanks again for your time! 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  I. S. Last reply: 2 months ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 months ago 
 Create Quickbooks Reports 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 8 
 I need help updating the profit and loss and balance reports for 2 different corporations. The reports need to be done on quickbooks, going back from january to october 2020. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 Published by:  M. F. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 months ago 
 Financial modeling 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 5 
 build models of public companies - on an ad hoc basis when I give you the symbol and you build the model - \we are a small fund in ct 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. E. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
