Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Speech-Language Pathology Tenure-Track Appointment 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The School of Rehabilitation Science is in the Faculty of Health Sciences, characterized by interdisciplinary, inter-professional, and inter-institutional cooperation with overall goals of excellence in education, research and clinical service. 
 McMaster’s School of Rehabilitation Science is acclaimed nationally and internationally for its educational programs and leadership in clinical research and evidence-based practice. The School has professional Masters-level programs in Speech-Language Pathology, Occupational Therapy, and Physiotherapy, as well as research graduate programs (MSc and PhD) and a Master of Health Management Program in partnership with the DeGroote School of Business. 
 The School of Rehabilitation Sciences, McMaster University, invites applications for a full-time tenure track position for the Master of Science (Speech-Language Pathology) program with research and teaching expertise in the areas of speech, swallowing or voice. 
 Candidates must have a professional background in speech-language pathology and a doctoral degree. Eligibility for clinical licensure is preferred but not required. The ideal candidate will have post-doctoral training or equivalent experience, a record of peer-reviewed publications, experience and skill in teaching and curriculum development, and provide evidence of a program of research. We invite applications from individuals whose strengths in research and teaching complement the School of Rehabilitation Science. Responsibilities include teaching in the professional and graduate programs, and supervision of Masters and PhD students. Academic rank and salary are commensurate with qualifications and experience. We offer an attractive reimbursement and benefits package. 
 How To Apply 
 Applicants should submit letters of application, including a description of teaching experience, research experience and interests, and clinical experience, accompanied by a curriculum vitae and the names of three referees. Materials should be submitted online. 
 Review of applications will begin on November 1, 2018 and will continue until the position is filled. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
