Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RESEARCH COORDINATOR (III) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Education Level Master's degree in relevant field 
Career Level Experienced 
 Job Description 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 JD # 
 JD00440 
 Pay Grade: 
10 
 Title: 
Research Coordinator (III) 
 Unit/Project Description: 
For Department use only. 
 A research coordinator is required for the Platelet Immunology Lab. Preference given to Masters/PhD. Experience in humoral and cellular immunological studies and/or molecular biology. 
 Job Summary: 
The Research Coordinator (III) is responsible for assessing, planning, implementing, and evaluating protocol procedures and managing the daily operations of a research study ensuring that all aspects of the study protocol are adhered to. Applies specialized knowledge to initiate, implement, coordinate, and manage moderate to large research projects. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Monitor and coordinate multiple research studies and knowledge translation activities in order to assess the need for and to implement strategies to ensure the conduct of quality research, the achievement of expected time lines and deliverables, and the efficient use of human and practical resources. 
Troubleshoot problems at all stages of study development and implementation. 
Participate with a team in the development and authoring of research protocols. 
Lead the internal research study ethical review process. 
Recruit study participants and enlist agencies to refer participants. 
Review referrals and keep track of intakes from various referral sources. 
Develop an implementation plan for research studies. 
Design a promotional strategy and related materials. 
Provide advice on and conduct analyses of complex data sets. 
Interview study participants to gather qualitative and quantitative data. 
Facilitate focus group sessions with study participants. 
Facilitate research learning opportunities. 
Gain the cooperation of research partners and team members by acting as the first point of contact on a variety of research projects and liaising with project collaborators, stakeholders, and staff. 
Coordinate and manage the collection, delivery, entry, verification, analysis, and reporting of data. 
Identify funding opportunities and coordinate the submission of research proposals. 
Oversee the design of databases, data collection forms, error checking methods, and related programs for collection, analysis, and reporting. 
Apply specialized knowledge and scientific principles to review, critically appraise and interpret published literature. 
Write sections of scientific papers, funding proposals, and abstracts. 
Develop estimates of time and resources for a research project. 
Prepare data management and operations documentation for the project. 
Liaise between the study centre and remote study sites and personnel. 
Ensure that the relevant research methodology is applied, and that all research material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies, and procedures. 
Develop and deliver information and training sessions. 
Deliver presentations at meetings, seminars, and conferences as required. 
Keep project participants informed of the project's progress through regular reports and newsletters. 
Implement and maintain the research program budget. 
Conduct literature searches. 
 Requirements: 
Master’s degree in a relevant field of study 
Requires 5 years of relevant experience 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
