Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Felipe 
 F.A.Q. 
 Art 
 Hacienda 
 Web roll 
 
 The Unseen Moon 
 Fact, Fiction and Opinion Stirred in an Odd Pot 
 Tag: job opportunity 
 Trump's good works 
 Posted on  April 30, 2019  by  Felipe Zapata 
 IT IS WELL established that my former field, the news media, has abandoned its primary purpose of providing news in a balanced, fair manner. Sad. 
 With the occasional exception, and it's just occasional, of Fox News, about the only reliable source of information about the accomplishments of the Trump Adminstration is the White House newsletter. You can subscribe on the  White House website . 
 To lift your spirits, I have compiled some of Trump's good works. 
 Strong jobs market.  This from MarketWatch: "Americans still think plenty of jobs are available and companies are offering better pay as they compete for a shrinking pool of available labor, new study by the New York Federal Reserve shows. The Fed study is the latest proof the jobs market continues to sizzle." 
 The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that the economy has added over 5.5 million jobs since President Trump was elected. 
 Prison reform . In December 2018, President Trump signed the First Step Act which brings "commonsense criminal justice reform that is helping prisoners get a new lease on life and is making America safer." Even former Obama staffer Van Jones  praised Trump's "great work"  on the issue. If you want details, do an internet search. 
 Helping women.  On April 17, Ivanka Trump, representing the president, spoke at the Women Entrepreneurs Financial Initiative in the Ivory Coast, her last stop of a four-day tour of Africa. The goal of the trip was promoting the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative, a $50 million project launched by President Trump in February to encourage women’s economic empowerment in developing countries. 
 Opportunity Zones.  On April 18, President Trump brought state and local leaders from both parties together at the White House for a conference on “Opportunity Zones” — a signature piece of his 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Rather than spending more money on yet another government program or Washington bureaucracy, Opportunity Zones offer tax incentives for long-term investment in more than 8,760 low-income communities throughout America. 
 Opportunity Zones are a powerful vehicle for bringing economic growth and job creation to the American communities that need them the most. The census tracts eligible for the program were chosen by governors, then certified by the U.S. Treasury Department. All told, the program is anticipated to spur $100 billion in private capital investment. 
 Economic boost for Latinos . According to a story in the Washington Examiner, American Latinos have enjoyed their third consecutive year of income growth, and their workplace participation rare has increased. More details  available here . 
 And, of course, black Americans are enjoying their lowest jobless rate in decades. 
 This is just a small sampling of positive work coming from the Trump Administration, news that is ignored by the news media. Again: Sad. 
 Sharing improves your attitude. 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  Black Americans ,  capital investment ,  Fox News ,  Ivanka Trump ,  job opportunity ,  jobless rate ,  Latinos ,  Opportunity zones ,  President Donald Trump ,  prison reform ,  tax cuts ,  U.S. economy ,  Van Jones ,  White House newsletter ,  Women entrepreneurs 10 Comments 
 Search for: 
 Emily Dickinson: 
 If I can stop one heart from breaking I shall not live in vain. 
 Octavio Paz: 
 A Mexican 's face is a mask and so is his smile. 
 Robert Stacy Mccain: 
 Once the party of the Working Man, Democrats have become the party of the Screaming Woman. 
 Join 823 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Get Mooned 
 Moonster tally: 
 
 702,851 passersby. 
 
 Bookmarks 
 
 The Pearls of Zapata 
 The Old Marbol 
 Dark Girl in the Blue Dress 
 Photos of Hacienda, etc. 
 Cine Zapatesque 
 Last Night of the Iguana 
 Newspaper Days 
 Cuba: A Socialist Hellhole 
 Felipe's Photo Art 
 Satellite Moon 
 The Downtown Casita 
 
 The Koran: 
 When you meet the unbelievers, smite at their necks. 
 Winston Churchill: 
 Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy. 
 Marine Le Pen: 
 There is no more Left or Right. There are only Globalists or Nationalists. 
 Piers Morgan 
 What 's the point of calling yourself a liberal if you don't allow anyone else to have a different view? 
 Margaret Thatcher: 
 The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people 's money. 
 Thomas Sowell: 
 What is your fair share of what someone else has earned? 
 Leon Trotsky: 
 You may not like war, but war likes you. 
 Dennis Prager: 
 The usurpation of the word "liberal" by the left has been a catastrophe. 
 William Henry III: 
 It is scarcely the same thing to put a man on the moon as to put a bone in your nose. 
 H.L. Mencken: 
 Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard. 
 Elbert Hubbard: 
 Life is just one damn thing after another. 
 Gov. Bobby Jindal: 
 Immigration without assimilation is invasion. 
 Adlai Stevenson: 
 If America stumbles the world falls. 
 Charles Murray: 
 Abstaining from casual obscenity gives you the aura of an adult. 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
