Media Mining Digest 
 Curated knowledge for innovators 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 <- Media Mining Digest 273 – Feb 3, 2017: 3D Printer Operation, Abortions in Malawi, Adamantane, Arctic Exploration, Artificial Intelligence Primer, Assisted Death, Atmosphere Escape, Audiobook Growth, Autism, Aviation Careers Questions, Big Cultural Ideas, Black Friends, Black Hole Hunting, Blind Employment in England, Blind Storyteller, Broadband in Kitsap Washington, Circular Particle Accelerator, Civil War, Climate Change with Al Gore, Climate Data Increase, Climate in Australia, Climate Warming, Climatologist Interview, Cosmos Show, Cybercrime, Designer Babies, Desktop Fabrication, Digital Revolution, Divided U.S., Dutch Sustainability, Economic Concepts, Economic Needs in US, Election Aftermath, Electronic Health Records, Electroshock Therapy, Emergency Home Power, Engineer Skills, EPA Administrator, Explosive Demolition, Facial Recognition Errors, Fact or Fiction, Federal Budget Program, Female to Male Surgeries, Fitness Science, Genome Revolution, Gravity Waves and Black Holes, Group Flow Conditions, Hate Speech Online, Identity Cards in Australia, In the Dark Podcast, Industrial Ecology, Internet Trends, LGBT Medical Students, Love and Sex, Metallica, Microscopic Enemies, Multiverse, Muslim Chaplain, Muslim Kids, Muslims, Norman Lear, NY Academy of Science Bicentennial, Obama Legacy, Obesity Science, Oliver Sacks, Opiate Deaths, Opiate Epidemic, Organ Donor Baby, Pancreatic Cancer, Parasitism, Perspectives with Sarandon, Placebo Effect, Plant Immunity, Play and Innovation, Police Abuse of Blacks, Policing after Ferguson, Political Feelings, Poverty in America, Pregnant Women, President and the Press, Race Car Environmentalist, Racial Improvement or Not, Racism, Ransomware Epidemic, Ray Kurzweil Interview, Renewable Energy, Schwarzenegger Interview, Science and Humor, Science and Politics with Clinton, Scientific Process, Segregated Schools, Sex Abuse Investigation, Silicon Valley, Simplifying Work, Singing Process, Ski Lift Emergencies, Snowden, Spinster Power, Spreadsheet Inventor, Star Trek Legacy, Storytelling, Sugar, Tariff Impact, Trump, Truthiness, Twitter, Unsung Heroes, USP Post Office, Virology Introduction, Voice Recognition, Wartime Civilian Protection, Water Wars, Women in Economies, Women's March, Women's Rights, Young Lords, Zappos Founder, Zika Control in US 
 Media Mining Digest 275 – Feb 17, 2017: Abolition Rights, Adam Smith, Autocratic America, Bannon and Breitbart, Beliefs Drive Us, Bioethics in Politics, Bionic Bodies, Black History, Black People and Pain, Blind Professor, Blind Woman's Journey, Body Part Sles,, British Cybernetics, Broadband Cells, Cabbage History, Canada vs Trump, Cannibalism, Chocolate Status, Civil Rights Leaders, Cold Cases, Community Support Agriculture, Computer Shrinkage, Conservation Park Killings, Corporate Reaction to Travel Ban, Countering Religious Extremism, Cyber Threat Analysis, Decision Theory, Deep Freedom, Deep Sea Biology, Democracy Erosion, Dermatopathologist Story, Diabetes Trends, Disabled Disaster Aid, Drone Uses, Dystopian Fiction, Eagles Eat Chickens, Education Options, Educational Philosophy, Emmitt Till, Empathy, Energy Production, Fasting, Fentanyl Threat, Gerrymandering, Globilization, Gluten in Food, Greed and Oxytocin, Gun Control in Japan, Handbag Company, Hate Speech, Healthcare Philosphy, Helping Kids, Immigrant Scientists, Immigration Ban, Internet Trends, Journalist Adversaries, Journalist PTSD, Judge Gorsuch, Kratom Drug Use, Leviathan, Library Backlash, Machiavelli, Maker Cities, Math in Shanghai, McDonald's Ray Kroc, Medicaid Payments, Medical Specialties, Meme Warfare, Middle East Policy, Missing Canadian Woman, Moral Self, News Processes, Northwest Passage Turism, Nuclear Power in Germany, Omega-6 Fatty Acids, Performance Enhancement, Picture Brides, Podcast Production, Police Shooting Unarmed Blacks, Political Argument, Political Bioethics, Political Division, Political Outlooks, Political Tribes, Porphyrins, Poverty Solution in Peru, Professor Politician, Publishing Worldwide, Quantum Physics, Quebec Mosque Attack, Racism in America, Refugee Crisis, Refugee Life, Renewable Energy Patrons, Robot Competition, Rock Crushing, Rousseau, Rural Urban Divide, Saddam Hussein Interrogation, Signal and Noise, Smoking Ban, Sports and Politics, Steve Bannon, Sugar Hazard, Supreme Court Nominees, Surveillance, Survivalists, Synchrotron Radiation, Syrian Refugees, Tim Ferris, Toy Lab, Trauma, Trayvon Martin, Treasure Hunting, Trump, Tuberculosis Trends, Tunisian Women, Turtles Band, Unsaleable Stuff, Viscose Rayon Is Hazardous, Voter Rights, White House Uses, Wildfires, Wine and Stink Bugs, Women Investors, Writing Well -> 
 Media Mining Digest 274 – Feb 10, 2017: Addiction Stories, Algae Uses, Animal Rights, Atheism, Aviation Careers, Belief Changes, Book Manufacturing, Border Tax, Bread History, Breast Feeding Controversy, Brexit Impact, Broadband in Nebraska, Bureaucracies, Canadian Racial Issue, Canadian Tax Havens, Chicken Tax, Chimp Smuggling, CIA at War, Civil War, Consciousness, Conspiracy Theories, Dan Carlin Background, Data Saving Effort, Decision Making, Ebola Stories, Eisenhower Era, Fake News, Fake Reality, Fasting Value, Fat Causes and Uses, Fentanyl Overdoses, Fish Talk, Free Markets, Freedom Variations, Gender Crime, Genome Definition, GMO Report Findings, Gun Control, Gun Ownership, Hannah Arendt, Human Enhancement, Immigration Ban, Immigration Guest Workers, Inequality, IRS Assistance, Isaac Newton, ISIS Control, James Baldwin, Journalism Decline in Canada, Karl Marx, Labor Change Trauma, Memories Explained, Middle East with Dan Carlin, Militarized Police, Moose Problems, Nuclear Threat, Nuclear Weapons Strategies, Older Workers, Physiology of Exercise, Police Abuse of Blacks, Political Representation, Presidential Tweets, Publishing Worldwide, Racism in America, Reconciliation in Canada, Religion for Atheists, Retraining Program Failure, Richard Branson Story, Russia and Trump, Russian Politics, Science Structure, Software Developer Anil Dash, Steve Bannon, Syrian Conflict, Thomas Friedman Talk, Trump and Keystone XL Pipeline, Trump and the Press, Vaccine Research, Vegetarianism, White House Press, Wolf Pack Democracy 
 Posted on  February 10, 2017  by  virginiajim 
 Earobics - aerobics for the brain: the 90 podcasts shown below present the best ideas, information and stories from a larger group of 286 for the week to hear while your hands and eyes are busy. Double or ctrl-click individual titles to get single podcasts and explore the source, although it’s easier to get all the files in zip format  here  for the next four months. A collection of over 13,000 similar podcasts, listed alphabetically, can be downloaded piecemeal or in groups  here . You'll be limited to a 4GB maximum per download, so at least twenty-four group downloads will be needed to get all files, which total over 86GB and may take awhile. The first entry of this collection is a text file listing all the titles for quicker reference. An alphabetized collection of all 13,000 abstracts is available at this  link  and it's updated quarterly. Even more diversity is possible using a podcast aggregator loaded with this  opml  file of 350 sources, so even the discarded podcasts can be found and downloaded. Exercise your ears and let everything else relax. 
 Addiction Stories  56 mins - “Evidence is growing that certain medicines can ease cravings for drugs and alcohol and improve people's lives. And the medical community, backed by substantial federal funding, is promoting these drugs, calling them life-savers in many cases. But there are skeptics: Some who feel this approach merely replaces one addiction for another and others who fear this is just another profit-making venture of so-called "big pharma." At the link right-click the play button beside, “Listen” and select ‘Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Algae   Uses  28 mins - “Think of algae and you'll probably think trouble. Algal blooms turned the diving pool green at the 2016 Rio Olympics. Smelly seaweed ruins many a trip to the beach. But Alison Smith, Professor of Plant Biochemistry at the University of Cambridge, argues that we should appreciate algae more. They range in size from giant kelp to microscopic diatoms. They are found all over the world from the Arctic to the Tropics, live in water and make energy from the sun by photosynthesis. Alison Smith talks to Jim al-Khalili about algae's sometimes bizarre biochemistry and how she discovered that they obtain their vitamins from bacteria they live alongside in the sea. They also discuss how we are beginning to farm algae to make all kinds of chemicals, from food stuffs to biofuels. We may become very dependent on them when the oil runs out.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Animal Rights  16 mins - “How should we treat animals? Jeremy Bentham argued that we should weigh animal suffering in our moral decision making, and Peter Singer's concept of speciesism is a modern version of that utilitarian approach. Gary L. Francione argues that philosophers like Peter Singer who focus on animal welfare have not gone far enough: what matters is that we shouldn't use animals at all. He calls his approach abolitionism. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link find the title, “Gary Francione on Animal Abolitionism, Oct, 2012,” right-click “Media filesGary Francione on Animal Abolitionism.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Animal Rights  16 mins - “Many philosophers argue in favour of the welfare of animals because of their capacity for feeling pain. Harvard philosopher Christine Korsgaard is unusual in using Kantian arguments to defend the status of animals as ends in themselves. She discusses her approach with Nigel Warburton in this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast.” At the link find the title, “Christine Korsgaard on the Status of Animals, Feb, 2015,” right-click “Media files Christine Korsgaard on the Status of Animals.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Atheism  12 mins - Is belief in the existence of a God or gods the equivalent of believing that there are fairies at the bottom of the garden? Or can it be defended on the basis of reason or evidence? In this interview for  Philosophy Bites  Anthony Grayling gives a philosophical defence of atheism and explains why he believes it to be a well-grounded and ultimately life-affirming position to hold.” At the link right-click “Direct download: GraylingA.MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Aviation Careers  35 mins - “In episode 124 we discuss leaving a six-figure salary for an airline job, shout outs, our new weekly show, and your questions answered.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Safe Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Belief Changes P2  56 mins - “If you try to correct someone who you know is wrong, you run the risk of alarming their brains to a sort-of existential, epistemic threat, and if you do that, when that person expends effortful thinking to escape, that effort can strengthen their beliefs instead of weakening them. In this episode you'll hear from three experts who explain how trying to correct misinformation can end up causing more harm than good.” At the link find the title, “094 - The Backfire Effect - Part Two,” right-click “Media files 094-The Backfire Effect-Part_Two.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Book Manufacturing  51mins - “ With sales of printed books on the rise, there’s little sign the reading experience will go entirely digital any time soon. So how does a novel make the jump from manuscript to bookshop, and what happens next? We start our story at Hodder & Stoughton, where director of production Joanna Seaton gives us a whistlestop tour of the editorial process. Next we head to Suffolk, where Chris Impey takes us from printing plate to bound copy at one of the UK’s biggest printers, Clays. Waterstones fiction buyer Chris White tells us how they decide which titles make it on to the shelves, while  Book Industry Communication ’s Karina Luke and  Book Aid International ’s Simon Mercer explain what happens to the books that never get sold….” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Border Tax  21 mins - “Over the next few months, we're going to explain President Trump's economic plans. Today: a totally new idea for corporate taxes. What's the plan, what's the theory behind it, and does it work?” At the link find the title, “#751: The Thing About That Border Tax,” right-click “Media files 20170201 pmoney_pmpod.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bread History  36 mins - “The second installment of A Thought for Food’s systematic analysis of America's sandwich, the cheeseburger, looks at bread—one of the strangest and most interesting products humanity has ever invented. Featured in this episode are conversations with Thomas R. and Carol Janas Sinclair, authors of  Bread, Beer, and the Seeds of Change  ,  Maudene Nelson  of Columbia University,  Dr. Michael McBurney  of DSM Nutritional Products, and  Dr. Stephen Pintauro  of the University of Vermont  .  This podcast is a co-production of the  Sackler Institute for Nutrition Science  and  Science & the City .” At the link find the title, “June 14, 2013  A Thought for Food: Going to Seed ,” right-click “ Download ” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Breast Feeding Controversy  24 mins - “It's a message you hear again and again: Breastfeeding is best. But some moms who struggle with breastfeeding say the pressure to do it can be too much to bear. The Current looks into the burden some mothers face and the pushback against ‘Lactivists.’” At the link find the title, “Jan 25: Breastfeeding 'lactivists' may be doing more harm than good, says author, 2017” right-click “Media files current_20170125_67781.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Brexit Impact  58 mins - “Some have called it the unravelling of Europe, while others claim it may signal the end of liberalism. Brexit both surprised and confounded experts who never thought it would happen. Timothy Garton delivers the Donner Canadian Foundation Lecture.” At the link find the title, “The Causes and Consequences of Brexit: Timothy Garton Ash, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files ideas_20170126_51668.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Broadband in Nebraska  33 mins - “We’ve been covering happenings in Lincoln, Nebraska for several years now. The city’s Right of Way Manager David Young joins us for episode 238 of the Community Broadband Bits podcast. David is a returning guest; this week, he’s here to talk about Lincoln’s new venture into small cell technology. The state imposes restrictions on municipalities in Nebraska. Nevertheless, Lincoln has found a way to make a smart investment in conduit and public fiber to create a welcoming environment for providers. An extensive conduit network and smart local policies in Lincoln have improved competition, expanded access, and now the small cell program is improving mobile …” At the link right-click “…download this mp3 file directly….” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bureaucracies  59 mins - “Johns Hopkins University political science professor Benjamin Ginsberg discusses his book, [What Washington Gets Wrong: The Unelected Officials Who Actually Run the Government and Their Misconceptions about the American People].” At the link find the title, “Q&A with Benjamin Ginsberg, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files program.462998.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Canadian Racial Issue P1  21 mins - “Today marks the one year anniversary since the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal's historic finding that the federal government discriminates against First Nation children on reserves. Critics say too little progress has been made to fix things.” At the link find the title, “Jan 26: Indigenous leaders give Trudeau government failing grade on delivering promises 2017” right-click “Media files current_20170126_64886.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Canadian Racial Issue P2  9 mins - “Yesterday Minister Carolyn Bennett joined The Current for a 'report card' on how well the Trudeau government has done on delivering its promises to Indigenous Canadians. NDP MP Charlie Angus wants to rebut one of her major claims.” At the link find the title, “Jan 27: Minister Bennett lied about funding to Indigenous communities, says MP Charlie Angus 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170127_48206.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Canadian Tax Havens  21 mins - “When you think of offshore tax havens, add Canada to the list. A joint CBC News and Toronto Star investigation reveals how Canada is becoming a destination for tax evasion.” At the link find the title, “Jan 26: Canada marketed as global tax haven, experts say 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170126_32150.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Chicken Tax  18 mins - “President Trump talks about putting tariffs on foreign cars. But there are already tariffs on auto imports and one got there because of chickens in Germany. This is how trade barriers tend to spread.” At the link find the title, “#632: The Chicken Tax,” right-click “Media files 20170125 pmoney_podcast012517.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Chimp Smuggling  27 mins - “The BBC exposes the illegal trade in baby chimpanzees, captured in Africa and exported to the Gulf or Asia as pets or for private zoos. Capturing a baby chimp means killing the parents and often other adult chimpanzees. The trade is starting to threaten chimp populations in the wild. Reporter David Shukman infiltrates a smuggling ring based in Abidjan, the capital of the Ivory Coast, and discovers the scale of this illegal trade which crosses several continents.” At the link find the title, “Chimp Smuggling Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files p04rg83m.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 CIA at War  32 mins - “I was originally going to discuss the song “Battle Cry of Freedom” and the Emancipation Proclamation, and then cover another major battle or two at the end. However, by the time I got done talking about the Proclamation, I had more than enough material for an entire episode, so decided to just stop there for now.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 C   ivil War P3  77 mins - “In this episode we’re talking about mobilization of manpower and resources for large-scale warfare and the resultant growth in the size and power of the central state, something that happened on a massive scale in the case of both the Union and the Confederate governments.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Consciousness  17 mins - “Why do we have consciousness at all? Neuroscientist Chris Frith discusses this question with Nigel Warburton in this episode of Mind Bites which is part of a series made in association with Philosophy Bites for Nick Shea's AHRC-funded Meaning for the Brain and Meaning for the Person project.” At the link find the title, “Chris Frith on The Point of Consciousness, Feb, 2017,” right-click “Media files Chris Frith on the Point of Consciousness.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Conspiracy Theories  21 mins - “What is a conspiracy? Why do conspiracies - real or imagined - matter to philsophy?  Cassim Quaassam  explores these questions in conversation with  Nigel Warburton ” At the link right-click “Direct download: Quassim Cassam on Conspiracy Theories.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Dan Carlin Background  75 mins - “Imagine celebrities from the 1960s and 1970s who were involved in sexual conduct with minors in their heyday being called to account for it today. It's currently happening in Great Britain. Dan has some thoughts.” At the link find the title, “Show 276 - Past Transgressions, Jun, 2014,” right-click “Media files cswdcc76.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Data Saving Effort  12 mins - “Dozens of scientists working at schools like the University of Pennsylvania, Carnegie Mellon, the University of Toronto, and a handful of others are frantically working on a series of projects to preserve government science from alteration or deletion under the Donald Trump administration. In this episode, we’ll be checking in with Nick Shapiro and Bethany Wiggin, who are organizing efforts to download and rehost vital climate change data before Trump takes office.” At the link right-click “Download this Episode” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Decision Making  24 mins - “Michael Lewis, author of financial thrillers such as "The Big Short" and "Moneyball" turns his attention to the world of psychology, and a bromance between two scientists who changed the way we think.” At the link find the title, “Jan 27: How two game-changing psychologists changed the way we think about thinking 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170127_38675.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Ebola Stories  24 mins - “What do you do when a life-threatening disease makes it too dangerous to save the person closest to you? Dr. Phillip Ireland was a physician at JFK Hospital in Liberia during the virulent outbreak of Ebola in 2014 when families were torn apart by the runaway virus….For more on the work of producer Jake Halpern go to  http://www.jakehalpern.com .” 
 Eisenhower Era  58 mins - “Fox News Channel chief political anchor Bret Baier looks at the exchange of power from President Eisenhower to President Kennedy. He is interviewed by Susan Eisenhower, president of the Eisenhower Group.” At the link find the title, “After Words with Bret Baier, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files program.465514.MP3-STD.mp3 
 Fake News  12 mins ­- ”In a world of fake news, The Current looks to online resource Snopes.com — a website that is thriving in this 'post-truth' era by checking the facts.” At the link find the title, “Jan 23: Fact-checking website Snopes fights fake news in 'post-truth' era 2017” right-click “Media files current_20170123_47140.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fake Reality  52 mins - “Playing for Team Human is Jonathan Larsen. Larsen is a journalist, comedy writer, and TV producer who has worked on the Daily Show w/ Jon Stewart, Up w/ Chris Hayes, and Countdown w/ Keith Olbermann. Larsen recently launched  TheFingNews.com , a news digest that brings context, analysis, and humor to the daily news. Jonathan joins Douglas Rushkoff to talk about  the Fucking News  and the new  Indivertible Guide . In a wide-ranging conversation, Larsen and Rushkoff look behind the scenes of reporting and discuss propaganda, fake news, and strategies for resisting the reality TV show era of the Trump presidency.” At the link find the title, “Ep. 20 Jonathan Larsen ‘Fake Reality’” right-click “Media files TH_20-Jonathan-Larsen.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fasting Value  60 mins - “On this episode of The Paleo Solution Podcast we have guests Jimmy Moore and Dr. Jason Fung. Jimmy Moore, who everyone probably already knows, is the founder of Livin’ La Vida Low-Carb, author of Keto Clarity, co-author of The Complete Guide to Fasting, and more. Dr. Jason Fung is a world renowned nephrologist based out of Toronto, and also a co-author of The Complete Guide to Fasting.” At the link right-click “Download Episode Here (MP3)” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fat Causes and Uses  29 mins - “When Sylvia Tara had more trouble fitting into her skinny jeans than her friends, she decided to learn why she was prone to being fat. Her new book is – The Secret Life of Fat: The Science Behind the Body’s Least Understood Organ and What It Means for You.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fentanyl Overdoses  12 mins - “Vancouver Coastal Health's chief medical health officer provides a solution to the fentanyl crisis — access to treatment with medical grade heroin, and decriminalizing illicit drugs.” At the link find the title, “Jan 23: 'One of the worst crises I've ever seen': Vancouver Coastal Health calls for prescription heroin 2017,” right-click “Media files current 20170123_92454.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fish Talk  58 mins - “Whales are threatened by us. Their language eroding through noise and climate change. Carrie Haber explores how marine scientists around the world are thinking about our evolutionary courtship with these magnificent mammals in the sea.” At the link find the title, “Darkwave - Underwater languages at the brink of extinction (Encore Sept 28, 2016) 2017” right-click “Media files ideas_20170124_19778.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Free Markets  18 mins - ”Is free market fairness an oxymoron?  John Tomasi , author of  Free Market Fairness  , argues that economic freedom and social justice are compatible. In this episode of the  Philosophy Bites  podcast he explains his position in conversation with  Nigel Warburton .  Philosophy Bites  is made in association with the  Institute of Philosophy. ” At the link right-click “Direct download: John Tomasi on Free Market Fairness.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 F   reedom Variations  18 mins - “Ancient and modern concepts of freedom differ. In this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast political philosopher Alan Ryan compares and contrasts ancient and modern concepts of freedom in conversation with Nigel Warburton. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link find the title, “Alan Ryan on Freedom and Its History, Dec, 2012,” right-click “Direct download: Alan Ryan on Freedom and Its History_1.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gender Crime  18mins - “In this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast Catharine MacKinnon talks to Nigel Warburton about the concept of Gender Crime. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link find the title, “Catharine MacKinnon on Gender Crime, Mar, 2011,” right-click “Media files Catherine MacKinnon on Gender Crime.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Genome Definition  17 mins - “Genomics is a new approach to understanding our biology, one with far-reaching consequences for our understanding of what we are and where are responsibilities lie. Philosopher of biology  John Dupre  explains in this episode of the  Philosophy Bites  podcast.” At the link right-click “Direct download: John Dupre on Genomics.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 G   MO Report Findings  34 mins - “The National Academies of Science is one of the most respected scientific organizations on the planet, composed of well-established scientists and other scholars that perform important functions in vetting scientific claims and steering scientific agendas of a nation. Every several years the NAS commissions a review of the literature on genetic engineering in crop plants. Over the last several years the NAS appointed a diverse group do perform the 3rd such comprehensive evaluation. Dr. Fred Gould was the Chair of that group, and speaks with Dr. Paul Vincelli about the charge to the committee and some of the outcomes.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gun Control  17 mins - “Jeff McMahan argues against the private ownership of guns in this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Jeff McMahan on Gun Control.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gun Ownership   with   Carlin  52 mins - “Dan has a couple of issues he's been meaning to get to…a bit about guns, a bit about Marijuana, a bit about everyone's Intolerable Oppression limits. He offers a bit of popcorn analysis on all of them.” At the link find the title, “Show 289 - Overdue Analysis, ‘ right-click “Media files cswdcc89.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 H   annah Arendt  43 mins - “Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the political philosophy of Hannah Arendt. She developed many of her ideas in response to the rise of totalitarianism in the C20th, partly informed by her own experience as a Jew in Nazi Germany before her escape to France and then America. She wanted to understand how politics had taken such a disastrous turn and, drawing on ideas of Greek philosophers as well as her peers, what might be done to create a better political life. Often unsettling, she wrote of 'the banality of evil' when covering the trial of Eichmann, one of the organisers of the Holocaust.” At the link click “Download,” and select high or low quality download, right-click it and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Human Enhancement  20 mins - “Philosophy Bites looks at ethical questions raised by enhancement. Technological developments have opened up many new opportunities for intervening in biological processes to improve ourselves. Allen Buchanan of Duke University discusses some of these and their implications in conversation with Nigel Warburton.” At the link find the title, “Allen Buchanan on Enhancement, May, 2009,” right-click “Media files Allen_Buchanan_on_Enhancement.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Immigration Ban  36 mins - “An executive order issued Friday banning refugees and limiting immigration from several Muslim-majority countries set off a flurry of protests and court filings over the weekend. Thousands of people across the country demonstrated at airports where those affected by the executive orders were being detained. Some of the provisions have been temporarily stayed in court, but confusion remains. In this special broadcast, 1A answers your questions about the orders.” At the link find the title “Special: Answering Your Questions On Trump's Immigration Freeze, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170129_1a_1a podcast_01-29-2017.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Immigration   Ban  23 mins - “Barely a week after assuming office, President Donald Trump set off a worldwide firestorm when he decided to temporarily ban entry to migrants from seven Muslim-majority countries and refugees from all over the world. In response, many people are looking to the past, to see what history can teach us. But this process can fraught with psychological peril. On today's Hidden Brain, we revisit a specific incident from World War II – the American decision to refuse entry to Jewish refugees aboard the SS St. Louis – and explore how it speaks to the current mood in the United States.” At the link find the title, “Episode 60: Fortress America,” right-click “Media files 20170130 hiddenbrain_60.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Immigration Ban  26 mins - “Is President Trump's executive order temporarily barring entry into the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries within the bounds of presidential power? With Marc Fisher, Post senior editor and author of "Trump Revealed," we answer that and more.” At the link find the title, “Will President Trump's immigration ban survive? Feb, 2017,” right-click “Media files 589403d0e4b03735090c2a4b_1351620000001-300040_t_1486095320398_44100_128_2.mp3” and select “Safe Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Immigration Guest Workers  65 mins - “ George Borjas  of Harvard University and author of  We Wanted Workers  talks with EconTalk host  Russ Roberts  about immigration and the challenges of measuring the impact of increased immigration on American workers and consumers. The discussion also looks at the cultural impact of immigration and what immigration in the past can tell us about immigration today.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Inequality  16 mins - “Does inequality really matter? Or should we be more concerned with raising the standards of the least well off than any disparity between those who have and those who have not? Alex Voorhoeve of the London School of Economics discusses these questions with David Edmonds in this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Alex Voorhoeve on Inequality.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 I   RS Assistance  7 mins - “Taxpayers rely on IRS to help them comply with the tax code and file their taxes. Although IRS improved its telephone service during the 2016 tax filing season, service year-round was not as good. We also looked at how IRS helps taxpayers who are victims of ID theft refund fraud—wherein fraudsters pose as taxpayers and file returns seeking refunds. IRS has improved aspects of service for victims, but inefficiencies continue to contribute to delays in resolving these cases. Among other things, we  recommend  IRS display its service standards and performance online to let customers know what to expect, and improve service to refund fraud victims.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Isaac Newton P1  58 mins - “In part 1 of our multipart biography of the father of physics, we look at the life of  Isaac Newton  from his early years in Woolsthorpe,  Lincolnshire  through his grammar school days to his time at  Trinity College, Cambridge . We take some time to specifically look at the cultural and religious background that influenced his upbringing as well as his work on vision, color, light and optics.” At the link right-click “Direct Download Link,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 ISIS Control  65 mins - “To defeat ISIS, you need to understand ISIS. Brian Fishman is a leading expert on ISIS. He served as the director of research at the United States Military Academy’s Combating Terrorism Center and began studying the progenitors of ISIS in 2005. He predicted the rise of the Islamic State in early 2011, prior to the Syrian civil war. Fishman says that the rise of ISIS was neither an accident of history nor an unpredictable product of chaos in Syria, but rather the fulfillment of a vision to capitalize on Syria’s demographic and geopolitical frailty, detailed in a plan that runs through 2020. He says that "master plan" offers important insight into how ISIS might now evolve. Fishman says that only by learning the Islamic State’s full history and the strategy that drove it can we understand the forces that could ultimately tear it apart. Fishman is a graduate of the University of California Los Angeles and Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 ISIS History  53 mins - “Graeme Wood discusses  The Way of the Strangers: Encounters with the Islamic State  , his intimate new account of what drives the jihadi group’s true believers.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 James Baldwin  42 mins - “Author, speaker, playwright and activist James Baldwin's legacy has affected American consciousness for decades. And while much of his most notable work was completed in the 1950s, '60s and '70s, Baldwin is everywhere today. Activists are inspired by him, authors are compared to him, and a new documentary 'I Am Not Your Negro' has received exuberant critical acclaim and an Academy Award nomination. What's behind this resurgence, and what makes his work so profoundly true in our present moment?” At the link find the title, “Revisiting James Baldwin, Feb, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170202_1a podcastfinal.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Journalism Decline in Canada  12 mins - “Canadian news media has been suffering through years of cuts, cutbacks, closures, consolidations and buyouts — Could they all be adding up to a threat to our democracy, and an opening for the spread of fake news?” At the link find the title, “Jan 27: Canadian news industry at crisis point, suggests new report 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170127_69708.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Karl Marx  15 mins - “Karl Marx's theory of alienated labour is the topic of this episode of the  Philosophy Bites  podcast. Jonathan Wolff, author of  Why Read Marx Today?  explains what Marx meant by alienation. He also sheds light on Marx's controversial description of what non-alienated labour would be like.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Johnathan Wolff on Marx on Alienation_1.mp3”and select”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Labor Change Trauma  35 mins - “For years, economists promised that global free trade would be mostly win-win. Now they admit the pace of change has been "traumatic." This has already led to a political insurrection -- so what's next?” At the link find the title, “Did China Eat America’s Jobs? Jan, 2017” right-click “Media files freakonomics_podcast012517.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Memories Explained  9 mins - “In this mini podcast, Observer Magazine columnist and neuroscientist  Dr Daniel Glaser  answers listener’s emails in response to our  A Neuroscientist Explains  podcast on  memory storage .” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Middle East with Dan Carlin  66 mins - “The Middle East seems to be imploding. Dan thinks this is likely all part of a natural process of redrawing artificial borders and re-balancing power relationships. But that doesn't mean it's going to be fun to live through.” At the link find the link, “Show 277 - Riding Chaos to Stasis” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   ilitarized Police  57 mins- “A police shooting in Missouri sparks unrest, and the paramilitary response is making headlines. Also, Islamic radicals in Iraq threaten the lives of many locals, how should the world respond?” At the link find the title, “Show 279 - If It Even Saves One,” right-click “Media files cswdcc79.mp3”and select “Save Link As” fromt eh pop-up menu. 
 Moose Problems  57 mins - “More than a North Country mascot, moose are an indicator of ecosystem health and climate change. With populations in New Hampshire decimated in recent years, a four-year, three-state study is collecting data on the health of the moose population and the devastation caused by winter ticks. We discuss other threats to the moose population, such as brainworm, and how moose are managed in the state. 
 Nuclear Threat  27 mins - “Former US Secretary of Defence William J Perry has spent his entire seven-decade career on the nuclear brink. A brilliant mathematician, he became involved in the development of weapons-related technology in the aftermath of World War Two. He reflects on the nuclear nightmare, and lays out his formula for nuclear security in our changing world.” At the linkf ind the title, “Atom Man, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files p04rfybb.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Nuclear Weapons Strategies  350 mins - “What happens if human beings can’t handle the power of their own weaponry? This show examines the dangerous early years of the Nuclear Age and humankind’s efforts to avoid self-destruction at the hands of its own creation.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Older Workers  19 mins - “New research shows more Canadians aren't just hitting the golf course in their 60s, they're starting new jobs. Some because they have too, but many because they simply want to.” At the link find the title, “Jan 24: Why more Canadians are ditching retirement for new careers 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170124_90741.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Physiology of Exercise  92 mins - “Martin Gibala, Ph.D. (@gibalam) is a professor and chair of the kinesiology department at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. His research on the physiological and health benefits of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) has attracted immense scientific attention and worldwide media coverage. Martin has published more than a hundred peer-reviewed articles, is frequently invited to speak at international scientific meetings, and has received multiple awards for teaching excellence. He is also the co-author of the brand-new book The One-Minute Workout: Science Shows a Way to Get Fit That's Smarter, Faster, Shorter.” At the link find the link “#217: The One-Minute Workout Designed by Scientists -- Dr. Martin Gibala” right-click “Media files The Tim Ferriss Show- Dr. Martin Gibala.mp3” and select ”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Police Abuse of Blacks  62 mins - “Recorded to the soothing background sounds of jackhammers, this show talks about the electorate's collective memory with a bit about riots and partisan self-image thrown in for variety's sake.” At the link find the title, “Show 291 - Past Performance & Future Results,”right-click “Media files cswdcc91.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Political Representation  18 mins - “Political representation in a democracy doesn't necessarily reflect the variety of people within a society. Most noticeably, there is a much lower percentage of women acting as representatives than there is in the wider population. Does this matter? Anne Phillips believes it does. She explains why in this episode of the  Philosophy Bites  podcast.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Anne Phillips on Political Representation.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Presidential Tweets  28 mins - “We take a close look at Trump's tweets now that he's president. Can he make official policy statements on Twitter? And does that dictate government action? We explore the pros and cons when a president has a direct line to the people. This episode is co-hosted by Post reporter Abby Phillip and features interviews with Rutgers professor David Greenberg, former Obama digital strategist Laura Olin, data scientist David Robinson and former Rand Paul digital strategist Vincent Harris.” At the link find the title, “Can he tweet that? Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 588ad427e4b03735090c1a68_1351620000001-300030_t_1485493303488_44100_160_2.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Publishing Worldwide  13 mins - “A week after author Roxane Guy  pulled her next book  from Simon & Schuster over its decision to publish right-wing firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos,  Hillary Clinton  has signed with the same publisher for a book of personal essays reflecting on favorite quotations. The Clinton announcement came a day before  demonstrators  on the UC Berkeley campus blocked a scheduled appearance there by Yiannopoulos. In early January, media reports said Yiannopoulos had received a $250,000 advance for  Dangerous  , described as “autobiographical.” In 2016, Twitter permanently banned Yiannopoulos after several incidents of alleged abusive behavior….” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Racism in America  56 mins - “We wrap up the show with Anna Holmes, Baratunde Thurston, and Tanner Colby reflecting on what they’ve learned through this experiment in multiracial dialogue, and the ways in which we can’t talk, don’t talk, would rather not talk, but intermittently, fitfully, embarrassingly do talk about culture, identity, power, and privilege in our most-definitely-not-yet-pre-post-yet-still-very-racial society.” At the link find the title, “#1704: What have we learned? Jan, 2017,”right-click “Media files PP1394647317.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Reconciliation in Canada  54 mins - “Dr. Tracey Lindberg explores the importance of reconciliation with self, with community, and with Indigenous peoples in advance of reconciliation with Canada.” At the link find the title, “Reconciliation Before Reconciliation with Dr. Tracey Lindberg, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files ideas_20170123_17309.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Religion for Atheists  15 mins - “Some atheists despise religion and ridicule it as absurd. In this episode of the Philosophy Bites podcast Alain de Botton, author of Religion for Atheists, takes a more pragmatic line, arguing that atheists can learn a great deal from religion. Philosophy Bites is made in association with the Institute of Philosophy.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Allen Buchanan on Enhancement.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu.. 
 Retraining Program Failure  19 mins - “When an American loses his/her job to trade, there is program to help. It's been around for decades. It makes a lot of sense. It is a generous program. And almost nobody's heard of it. But why?” At the link find the title, “#750: Retraining Day,” right-click “Media files 20170127 pmoney podcast012716.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Richard Branson Story  36 mins - “Richard Branson took a record shop and built it into a label, a bank, an airline, space tourism, and 200 other businesses — all under the name Virgin. But the serial entrepreneur has also had his share of failures.” At the link find the title, ‘Virgin: Richard Branson, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170126_hibt_virgin.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Russia and Trump  25 mins - “Russia has asserted itself on the global stage — from supporting Bashar Al-Assad in Syria, to its alleged involvement in the election of Trump. Is this all part of Putin's plan to make Russia great again?” At the link find the title, “Jan 23: Is Russia on its way back to superpower status? 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170123_86720.mp3”and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Russian Politics  43 mins - “Journalist Luke Harding has an insider's understanding of Russian President Vladimir Putin. Harding served as Moscow bureau chief for the British newspaper  The Guardian  from 2007 until 2011. During his tenure, Russian agents followed him, tapped his phone and repeatedly broke into his home. "I almost feel like I could write the KGB handbook, I lived it for quite a long time," he tells  Fresh Air  's Terry Gross. …Harding understands how Russia's reach extends far beyond its borders, and he takes very seriously the issue of  Russia's interference in the U.S. election . "I don't want to sound too hyperbolic, but it's really an assault on the Western liberal order," he says….” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Science Structure  58 mins - “Neil deGrasse Tyson compares notes with British physicist and TV host Brian Cox about wormholes, lightsabers, science literacy and more. Also featuring futurist Jason Silva, Dr. Janna Levin, and co-host Maeve Higgins. Plus, Bill Nye extols the value of ‘Looking Up.’”The Value of Science, with Brian Cox, Jan, 2016,” right-click “Media files 244466879 startalk the value of science with bri.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Software Developer Anil Dash  58 mins - “If you're intersted in the tech world, you have almost certainly run across Anil Dash in one form or another. Maybe it was something he helped create, like a blogging platform. Or maybe it was something on internet ethics that he's written, like a column for  Wired  , or his  personal blog , which he started back in 1999. He was one of the first people on Twitter and  tens of thousands of tweets  later he's covered everything from tech, to pop culture, and live as a dad. He is currently the CEO of  Fog Creek Software . Debbie talks to Anil about politics, technology and culture. "The single industry that is more responsible for creating culture today than any other, even entertainment or media, is tech. And part of it is we're the mediators for the media world." AT the link find the title, “Anill Dash,” right-click “Media files anil-dash.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Steve Bannon  45 mins - “President Trump has reorganized the National Security Council. His controversial chief strategist, Steve Bannon, joins the NSC and the president has demoted the director of National Intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. How big of a role is the ex-chief executive of the 'alt-right' Breitbart News Network playing in the new administration? Also, Donald Trump has been president for a week. His opponents believe he stoked division and has given legitimacy to extremists. Others see Trump's election victory as the true will of the American people, who are hungry for change and fed up with the status quo. In partnership with the organizers of Intelligence Squared, 1A asks, "Should we give President Trump a chance?" At the link find the title, “Who Is Steve Bannon And Should We Give Trump A Chance? Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170131_1a_podcast.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Syrian Conflict  36 mins - “The conflict in Syria has killed more than 300,000 people and displaced 11 million others since it began nearly six years ago. But could new developments signal an impending end to the violence? With the U.S. on the sidelines, Russia is pushing forward in its fight against ISIS and Al-Nusra. The Russians are aided in this by Iran and Turkey. And US President Donald Trump has promised to work with Russia in Syria, rather than focus on removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Assad's government forces have also retaken Aleppo, Syria's second-largest city and a former stronghold of anti-Assad rebels. However, ISIS is still active in the area and the group is reclaiming lost land. With a new round of peace negotiations set to take place in Geneva, we look at what the future may hold for the complicated conflict.” At the link find the title, “Aleppo: What's Left? Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170130_1a_1apodcastfinal01302017.mp3,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Thomas Friedman Talk  64 mins - “He has been called ‘the most influential columnist in America’, and is read by everyone from small-business owners to President Obama. As a star columnist of The New York Times, Thomas Friedman has won the Pulitzer Prize three times. Although he has been dubbed ‘the high priest of globalisation’, Friedman is well aware that it is the tensions created by globalisation which have paved the way for the election of Donald Trump. Nevertheless, when he comes to the Intelligence Squared stage, Friedman will argue that contrary to Trump’s promises of walls and tariffs, it is openness to trade and ideas that will allow us all to thrive amid the rapid, startling changes sweeping through the world…. ” At the link find the title, “Thomas Friedman on Thriving in the Age of Acceleration, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files media.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump and Keystone XL Pipeline  19 mins - “Yesterday U.S. President Donald Trump signed new life into the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. But with plans afoot for Canada's own pipelines and lingering environmental concerns, is the return of Keystone something for Canada to celebrate?” At the link find the title, “Jan 25: Is Keystone XL pipeline approval good news for Canada? 2017” right-click “Media files current_20170125_72682.mp3”and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump and the Press  16 mins - “White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and his boss have had a rough first few days in their new jobs. Historian Martha Joynt Kumar explains that the relationship between the press secretary and the press has always been a tricky one.” At the link click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download this audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump and Trade  48 mins - “Globalization in the Trump era: we check in on Davos and the globalizers under fire.” At the link find the title, “The Davos Man, Under Attack, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files npr_511455577.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump Facts  19 mins - ”The word "normalized" is heard quite a bit when it comes to how reporters should cover President Trump. How to cover this unprecedented American president is on the minds of editors and news consumers everywhere.” At the link find the title, “Jan 23: Journalists warn against normalizing Trump 2017,” right-click “Media files current_20170123_28103.mp3” and select “Save LinkAs” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump Travel Ban  36 mins - “An executive order issued Friday banning refugees and limiting immigration from several Muslim-majority countries set off a flurry of protests and court filings over the weekend. Thousands of people across the country demonstrated at airports where those affected by the executive orders were being detained. Some of the provisions have been temporarily stayed in court, but confusion remains. In this special broadcast, 1A answers your questions about the orders.” At the link find the title, “Special: Answering Your Questions On Trump's Immigration Freeze, Jan, 2017,” right-click “Media files 20170129_1a_1a podcast 01-29-2017.mp3” and select “Save LinkAs” from the pop-up menu. 
 V   accine Research  14 mins - Trevor Mundel, president of global health at the Gates Foundation, talks to  Scientific American  editor-in-chief Mariette DiChristina about the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) and the efforts to create vaccine platforms for rapid responses to epidemics.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Vegetarianism  16 mins - “Why shouldn't you eat meat? Jeff McMahan argues that there are no good reasons not to be a vegetarianism (and many good reasons for being one) in this episode of the  Philosophy Bites  podcast.” At the link right-click “Direct download: Jeff McMahan on Vegetarianism.mp3”and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 White House Press  49 mins - “President Trump may be the most vocal with his disdain, but he's hardly the first president to have a rocky relationship with the press. Plus, why the White House press corps is so frustrating for everyone involved, and whether Trump's open animosity could actually be a blessing in disguise for the media. And, how the Obama administration’s last-minute expansion of surveillance powers might function in new hands.” At the link click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download this audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Wolf Pack Democracy with Dan Carlin  66 mins - “Dan Talks to Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks, gets his view on current events, discusses his Wolf-Pac reform idea and probes his thoughts on the future of media.” At the link find the title, “Show 278 - Uyguristic Perspectives, Jul, 2014,” right-click “Media files cswdcc78.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Thanks for stopping by. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About virginiajim 
 Retired knowledge nut. 
  View all posts by virginiajim ->  
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Addiction Stories ,  Algae Uses ,  Animal Rights ,  Atheism ,  Aviation Careers ,  Belief Changes ,  Book Manufacturing ,  Border Tax ,  Bread History ,  Breast Feeding Controversy ,  Brexit Impact ,  Broadband in Nebraska ,  Bureaucracies ,  Canadian Racial Issue ,  Canadian Tax Havens ,  Chicken Tax ,  Chimp Smuggling ,  CIA at War ,  Civil War ,  consciousness ,  conspiracy theories ,  Dan Carlin Background ,  Data Saving Effort ,  Decision Making ,  Ebola Stories ,  Eisenhower Era ,  Fake News ,  Fake Reality ,  Fasting Value ,  Fat Causes and Uses ,  Fentanyl Overdoses ,  Fish Talk ,  Free Markets ,  Freedom Variations ,  Gender Crime ,  Genome Definition ,  GMO Report Findings ,  gun control ,  Gun Ownership ,  Hannah Arendt ,  Human Enhancement ,  Immigration Ban ,  Immigration Guest Workers ,  inequality ,  IRS Assistance ,  Isaac Newton ,  ISIS Control ,  James Baldwin ,  Journalism Decline in Canada ,  Karl Marx ,  Labor Change Trauma ,  Memories Explained ,  Middle East with Dan Carlin ,  Militarized Police ,  Moose Problems ,  Nuclear Threat ,  Nuclear Weapons Strategies ,  Older Workers ,  Physiology of Exercise ,  Police Abuse of Blacks ,  Political Representation ,  Presidential Tweets ,  Publishing Worldwide ,  Racism in America ,  Reconciliation in Canada ,  religion for atheists ,  Retraining Program Failure ,  Richard Branson Story ,  Russia and Trump ,  Russian Politics ,  Science Structure ,  Software Developer Anil Dash ,  Steve Bannon ,  Syrian Conflict ,  Thomas Friedman Talk ,  Trump and Keystone XL Pipeline ,  Trump and the Press ,  Vaccine Research ,  Vegetarianism ,  White House Press ,  Wolf Pack Democracy . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Media Mining Digest 273 – Feb 3, 2017: 3D Printer Operation, Abortions in Malawi, Adamantane, Arctic Exploration, Artificial Intelligence Primer, Assisted Death, Atmosphere Escape, Audiobook Growth, Autism, Aviation Careers Questions, Big Cultural Ideas, Black Friends, Black Hole Hunting, Blind Employment in England, Blind Storyteller, Broadband in Kitsap Washington, Circular Particle Accelerator, Civil War, Climate Change with Al Gore, Climate Data Increase, Climate in Australia, Climate Warming, Climatologist Interview, Cosmos Show, Cybercrime, Designer Babies, Desktop Fabrication, Digital Revolution, Divided U.S., Dutch Sustainability, Economic Concepts, Economic Needs in US, Election Aftermath, Electronic Health Records, Electroshock Therapy, Emergency Home Power, Engineer Skills, EPA Administrator, Explosive Demolition, Facial Recognition Errors, Fact or Fiction, Federal Budget Program, Female to Male Surgeries, Fitness Science, Genome Revolution, Gravity Waves and Black Holes, Group Flow Conditions, Hate Speech Online, Identity Cards in Australia, In the Dark Podcast, Industrial Ecology, Internet Trends, LGBT Medical Students, Love and Sex, Metallica, Microscopic Enemies, Multiverse, Muslim Chaplain, Muslim Kids, Muslims, Norman Lear, NY Academy of Science Bicentennial, Obama Legacy, Obesity Science, Oliver Sacks, Opiate Deaths, Opiate Epidemic, Organ Donor Baby, Pancreatic Cancer, Parasitism, Perspectives with Sarandon, Placebo Effect, Plant Immunity, Play and Innovation, Police Abuse of Blacks, Policing after Ferguson, Political Feelings, Poverty in America, Pregnant Women, President and the Press, Race Car Environmentalist, Racial Improvement or Not, Racism, Ransomware Epidemic, Ray Kurzweil Interview, Renewable Energy, Schwarzenegger Interview, Science and Humor, Science and Politics with Clinton, Scientific Process, Segregated Schools, Sex Abuse Investigation, Silicon Valley, Simplifying Work, Singing Process, Ski Lift Emergencies, Snowden, Spinster Power, Spreadsheet Inventor, Star Trek Legacy, Storytelling, Sugar, Tariff Impact, Trump, Truthiness, Twitter, Unsung Heroes, USP Post Office, Virology Introduction, Voice Recognition, Wartime Civilian Protection, Water Wars, Women in Economies, Women's March, Women's Rights, Young Lords, Zappos Founder, Zika Control in US 
 Media Mining Digest 275 – Feb 17, 2017: Abolition Rights, Adam Smith, Autocratic America, Bannon and Breitbart, Beliefs Drive Us, Bioethics in Politics, Bionic Bodies, Black History, Black People and Pain, Blind Professor, Blind Woman's Journey, Body Part Sles,, British Cybernetics, Broadband Cells, Cabbage History, Canada vs Trump, Cannibalism, Chocolate Status, Civil Rights Leaders, Cold Cases, Community Support Agriculture, Computer Shrinkage, Conservation Park Killings, Corporate Reaction to Travel Ban, Countering Religious Extremism, Cyber Threat Analysis, Decision Theory, Deep Freedom, Deep Sea Biology, Democracy Erosion, Dermatopathologist Story, Diabetes Trends, Disabled Disaster Aid, Drone Uses, Dystopian Fiction, Eagles Eat Chickens, Education Options, Educational Philosophy, Emmitt Till, Empathy, Energy Production, Fasting, Fentanyl Threat, Gerrymandering, Globilization, Gluten in Food, Greed and Oxytocin, Gun Control in Japan, Handbag Company, Hate Speech, Healthcare Philosphy, Helping Kids, Immigrant Scientists, Immigration Ban, Internet Trends, Journalist Adversaries, Journalist PTSD, Judge Gorsuch, Kratom Drug Use, Leviathan, Library Backlash, Machiavelli, Maker Cities, Math in Shanghai, McDonald's Ray Kroc, Medicaid Payments, Medical Specialties, Meme Warfare, Middle East Policy, Missing Canadian Woman, Moral Self, News Processes, Northwest Passage Turism, Nuclear Power in Germany, Omega-6 Fatty Acids, Performance Enhancement, Picture Brides, Podcast Production, Police Shooting Unarmed Blacks, Political Argument, Political Bioethics, Political Division, Political Outlooks, Political Tribes, Porphyrins, Poverty Solution in Peru, Professor Politician, Publishing Worldwide, Quantum Physics, Quebec Mosque Attack, Racism in America, Refugee Crisis, Refugee Life, Renewable Energy Patrons, Robot Competition, Rock Crushing, Rousseau, Rural Urban Divide, Saddam Hussein Interrogation, Signal and Noise, Smoking Ban, Sports and Politics, Steve Bannon, Sugar Hazard, Supreme Court Nominees, Surveillance, Survivalists, Synchrotron Radiation, Syrian Refugees, Tim Ferris, Toy Lab, Trauma, Trayvon Martin, Treasure Hunting, Trump, Tuberculosis Trends, Tunisian Women, Turtles Band, Unsaleable Stuff, Viscose Rayon Is Hazardous, Voter Rights, White House Uses, Wildfires, Wine and Stink Bugs, Women Investors, Writing Well -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Media Mining Digest 
 
 Media Mining Digest 473: Abraham Lincoln Lessons, AI Decisions, AI Governance, AI Predictions, Artificial Intelligence, Black Canada, Code Red, Covid and Immigration, Covid and Migrants, Covid-19 and International Effects, Defense Department, Fateful Triangle, Green Card Use, Human Rights in Iran, India and Cash, Inventions Shaped Humanity, Machines that Can Think, Melinda Gates on Gender Equality, Mental Illness History, Poison Squad, School Closures, Silicon Valley Story, Unconventional Diplomat, Venezuelan Migrants, White Nationalism, Work Future, Working in Space 
 MMD472 Media Mining Digest: Activist Otto Sharmer, AI and Criminal Justice, AI Principals, Artificial Intelligence, Ayahuasca, Black Business Devaluation, Brown Skinned, Caffeine Use, Chernoble Trends, China and India Areas, China-Australia Relations, Climate Crisis, Coffin Making, Corruption in China, Covid in Jails, Cyberlaw Worldwide, Democracy Fails, DHS Compiles Intelligence on Journalists, Digital Threat Counters, Einstein, Electoral College Abolishment, Ethiopia Conflict, Fauci Article, Fauci Discussion, Film Editors, Foreign Interference, Free Trade, Genetic Experimentation and Innovation, Guantanamo, Hong Kong Protests, Houdini, Human Rights Crisis in Xinjian, Intelligence Innovation, Iranian Assassination, ISIS in America, Longer Life, Managing Older Workers, Mitch McConnell, Molecular Genetics and Genomics, Nazism, Planning Your Post Retirement, Poisoning of Alexei Navalny, President and COVID Infection, Prison Abolition, QAnon Discussion, Rural Broadband Politics, Secondhand Goods, SIGINT Intelligence, Social Media Weaponization, Spymasters, Super Rich, Talented Women, Tranformational Change, Uighurs in China, US in China, Vaccine Misinformation, Vindman Conversation, White Power Violence, Wikinomics 
 MMD471 Media Mining Digest: 5th Grade Innovator, Africa Growth, Artificial Intelligence Discussion, Bloomberg, Brainstorming, Corporate Law, Covid Control, Cyber Security, DARPA Story, Disease Control, Fake News, FISA Errors, Hearing Aid Technology, High Impact Innovations, innovation Barriers, Innovation Challenges, Innovation Coaches, Innovation Failures, Innovation Myths, Innovation Questions, Innovation Attributes, Innovation Skills, Intelligence Briefing, Land Ownership, Leadership Levels, Placental Biology, Russian Operations Under Putin, Safety Net Hospitals, Soleimani Death Reaction, Transgender, Wine Bottles, Zoom Conferencing Service 
 MMD470 Media Mining Digest: Battery Charging, Buy and Hold Investing, Corona Virus Control, Covid Afterwards, Covid and CIA Activities, Covid and Emergency Powers, Covid Inequality, Covid Lab Results, Covid Response by DoD and State, Democracy Playbook, Discovery vs Exploration, Disinformation on Vaccinations, Foreign Agents Information Act, Hurricane Katrina 1 Antediluvian, Hurricane Katrina 2 Come Sunday, Hurricane Katrina 3 Through the Looking Glass, Hurricane Katrina 4 Bridge, Hurricane Katrina 5 Exodus, Hurricane Katrina 6 Reckoning, Hurricane Katrina 7 Destiny, Hurricane Katrina 8 Wake, Learning Styles, Linux Replacing Windows 7 
 MMD469 Media Mining Digest: AI Future, Antibiotic Resistance Research, Barbie Dress Designer, Biomedical Research, Convalescent Plasma, Corona Treatments, Corona Virus Affects, Corona Virus Spread, Covid Lab Special, Emerging Markets, Glial Cells, How Inventions Shaped Us, Ira Glass, Learning Process, Marine Microbes, Microbe Research, Mold Control, Neuroscience History, Numbers Instinct, Ocean Water Microbes, Plant Diseases, Prion Proteins, Prosperity Paradox, Prosthetic Vision, Pseudomonas and Candida Interaction, Rape of Chanel Miller, Robert Wong, Robin Williams, Rotavirus and Noravirus, Seaweed Farming, Spontaneous Brain, Surveillance Capitalism, Tosh Hall, Trump Administration Book, Unconscious 
 MMD468 Media Mining Digest: Amgen Tea Brazil, Anthropology and Finances, Bed Bugs, Cement Innovation, Change Disruptive, Cognitive Dissonance, Corporate Insurgent, Disrupt Yourself, Diversity Bonus, Fearless Organization, Innovation, Investment Concepts, Medical Care Access, Medici Effect, Mobile Phone Skype, Nuclear Submarine Commander, Parasitism by Worms, Parasitism in Uganda, Phase Transitions, Proactive Obsolescence, Rotifier Infestation, Sanitizing Hygiene, Smart Companies, Startup History, Team Leadership, Unconscious Bias 
 MMD 467 Media Mining Digest: BARDA, Body Mass Index, Boy Scouts Bankruptcy, Cave Man, Chinese Espionage, Corona Virus Testing, Covid Financial Bailout, Covid Infected Doctor, Culinary Extinction, Deepwater Horizon Spill, Economic Crisis, Exercise, Feeble Mindedness Discussion, Food Production, Ginger Handbook, Gift Card Value, Gluten Removal, Hospital Bed Economics, Jane Goodall, Libyan Female Fighters, Mars Exploration, Moon Exploration, Munition Site Explosions, North Korea Arms Trafficking, Oil Price Control, Oil Prices Drop, Ostomies, Pangolins, Protective Equipment Purchase, Saving Our Planet, Scott and the South Pole, Small Business Support by Government, Telegraphy History in Australia, Temperature and Productivity, Unemployment, Ventilators, Virus Economic Response 
 MMD466 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Influenza Pandemic, Abortions in Canada, Air Pollution Decreases, Atomic Artifacts, AUMF Discussion, Cataclysm Sentence, Covid Autopsies, Covid Racial Disparities, Data Breaches, Distance Learning, Drug Disposal Program, East Indian Company, Exercise, Homeschool STEM Resources, Ignaz Semmelweis Day, Kindom of Nauvoo, Latif Story, Obesity Control, Pandemic in Rome, Pollution Control, SARS Victim, School Nutrition, Shared Immunity, Social Isolation, Space Discussion, Third Existential Crisis, Thyroid Cancer, Toilet Paper Buying, Transplant Issues, Women in Software and Cybersecurity 
 MMD465 Media Mining Digest: 5G Defined, 1619 Project, Abortion Case, Absentee Ballots, AI in Health Care, Artificial Intelligence Dominance, Atmosphere Specialist, AWAKE Experiment, Bitcoin Defined, Blind Charities in the UK, Chief Justice Roberts, Coders, Computer Repair Business, Computer Security, Coronavirus, Covid Patient Care, Crypto Basics, Cybercrime, Deutsche Bank and Trump, Digital Currencies from Central Banks, Emotional AI, Esther Perel, Eugenics, European Tax Problem, Face-based Surveillance, Facebook’s Libra, Flying Stories, Folding At Home, Food Waste, Huawei’s Rough Year, Information War, Interracial Marriage, Jane Goodall, Manhattan Project, Mental Health Specialists, Mike Tech Show, National Rifle Assoc, Pandemic in Prisons, Protesters Against Restrictions, Race in America, Russian Interference in Elections, Self-Organizing Collaboration, Soft Shell Crabs, Tik Tok, Tomato Growing, Trump Impact on the Country, Visually Impaired 
 MMD464 Media Mining Digest: Apprenticeships, Cancer Drugs, Cancer Research, Capitalism, Capitalism Reimagined, Coronavirus Pandemic, Digital Tsunami, Extreme Economies, Health Care Reform, Higher Education, Honest Income, Jack Kornfield, Manufacturing, Narrative Economics, Racism in America, Surgeon General, Universe Origins, Warp Speed Update, Wilding, Willful Book 
 
 
 
 Follow Media Mining via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Click on tag and jump to that episode. 
 
 3d printing 
 affordable care act 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's 
 antibiotic resistance 
 artificial intelligence 
 behavioral economics 
 bitcoin 
 broadband 
 broadband in Colorado 
 Broadband in North Carolina 
 Canada 
 China 
 climate change 
 climate warming 
 consciousness 
 creativity 
 cyber security 
 cybersecurity 
 Decision Making 
 design thinking 
 domestic violence 
 driverless cars 
 drones 
 Economic Growth 
 End of Life Care 
 Fake News 
 Feminism 
 fracking 
 geoengineering 
 Gerrymandering 
 gun control 
 Gun Violence 
 Hate Speech 
 health care 
 human rights 
 human trafficking 
 impact investing 
 income inequality 
 India 
 internet history 
 ketogenic diet 
 marijuana legalization 
 native Americans 
 Neil Degrasse Tyson 
 net neutrality 
 North Korea 
 NSA 
 nuclear power 
 Oliver Sacks 
 Pakistan 
 Political Polarization 
 Racaniello 
 racism 
 refugees 
 sex assaults on campus 
 Sexual Harassment 
 sharing economy 
 solitary confinement 
 Sugar 
 suicide 
 Supreme Court 
 synthetic biology 
 Syrian Refugees 
 technology trends 
 Terrorism 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 Trump 
 Universal Basic Income 
 Virtual Reality 
 voting rights 
 women in politics 
 women in science 
 World War One 
 Zika Virus 
 
 
 
  Media Mining Digest  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
