Worksnaps  
 BLOG {empowering remote work} 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Tour
 
 Managing 
 Reporting 
 Client 
 Integrations 
 Privacy 
 API 
 
 
 Pricing 
 Download 
 About
 
 Company Info 
 Customer Stories 
 Affiliate Program 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: Jobs 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 July 28, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: July 28, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 Feeling lonely despite lockdown lifting? Here are 8 practical hacks to help | Bianca London, Glamourmagazine.co.uk 
 Claire Chamberlain, the author of  UnLonely  , share 8 practical hacks for beating loneliness. From improving self-care to cultivating relationships, she offers practical advice for looking after your mental and physical wellbeing, which is more important than ever before. 
 Embracing alone time 
 Sometimes, by turning your attention inward – to your own needs and passions – you can learn to form a deeper and more meaningful connection with yourself, helping to transform your loneliness into a productive and far less frightening state: solitude. By using your time alone to pursue creative, fulfilling, enjoyable and fruitful activities, you may find that the deeper connection you were seeking was within you all along. 
 Prioritise your wellbeing 
 In order to remain (or return to feeling) positive, looking after yourself is important. Simple things like taking a hot shower each morning and using your favourite  shower gel  , picking an outfit that makes you feel good, enjoying a hot cup of tea, doing a spot of mindful colouring, getting out for some  exercise  and cooking yourself a tasty dinner each evening can go a long way to boosting your mood and your self-esteem. 
 Consider your diet 
 Taking the time to look after yourself includes fuelling both your body and mind well, so that you have the energy and strength to maintain a positive mindset and feel physically great. Eating a good balance of lean protein (such as tofu, pulses, beans or lean meat), wholegrain carbohydrates (such as wholemeal pasta and bread) and healthy fats (such as avocados and oily fish), plus plenty of colourful fruits and vegetables, will keep you feeling energised all day. And, of course, the occasional treat doesn’t go amiss either. Eat mindfully, eat with joy and eat for happiness! 
 Be more mindful 
 Spending time focusing on your surroundings can help to ground you in the here and now, taking you firmly into the physical world and away from thoughts, worries and anxieties. Reconnecting in this way can help you feel more at one with the world. To get started, begin to notice your surroundings or your bodily sensations. If a thought arises that takes your mind away from “now”, acknowledge it without judgement, then draw your attention back to the present moment. 
 Get some fresh air (every day) 
 There are so many reasons why stepping outside into the fresh air each day is good for your mind, body and soul. Research has shown that regular walking can boost both your mood and self-esteem, while also easing feelings of anxiety and depression, and reducing stress levels. 
 Lose yourself in a good book 
 Reading can help you forget any worries or loneliness you may be feeling, allowing you to enter and inhabit a completely different world. What’s more, reading does not have to be reserved for your home: carry a book with you, so you can dip into it when you’re out and about, perhaps in your local park or while you’re waiting in a queue. 
 Cook from scratch 
 There is so much joy to be had in flicking through recipe books, discovering mouth-watering dishes, buying fresh ingredients and taking your time preparing a delicious meal. Making the effort to cook properly at least a few times a week can feel so rewarding, and it is a fabulous way to show yourself a little love. 
 Express gratitude 
 Taking time each day to think about all that you have to be grateful for in your life has been proven to have a positive impact on almost all areas of life, including enhancing self-esteem, increasing optimism, boosting energy, deepening relaxation, promoting feelings of kindness, improving sleep quality and – crucially – strengthening social bonds. 
 4 skill you can add to your resume that your 've learned from working remotely during the pandemic | Hayden Field, HerMoney, Businessinsider.com 
 In cover letters, job interviews, or conversations with your current employer, emphasize the skills you've built during the pandemic that can help advance your career, says Megan Fasules, a research economist at the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce. Be honest about your experience. Few people will want to hear that you handled everything perfectly during these challenging times, but many will want to hear how you handled it and emerged with strengths that you're proud of, says Amanda Bates, a career services director at NC State University and career coach with The Muse. 
 Here's a rundown of actionable career skills you may have reinforced over the past few months. 
 Communication 
 "Communication is king," said Fasules. "That tends to be the number-one competency overall regardless of a pandemic, but it's even more so now." Since most workers aren't able to interact in person during this time, they've had to hone communication skills in other areas, such as email response time and Zoom call etiquette. In an office, communication looks different, says Bates — you can see people, read people, walk up to someone, and share information. In the age of COVID-19, verbal and written communication skills are paramount. 
 And it's not just about communicating with coworkers — those in client-facing professions have had to get creative in finding ways to connect and be persuasive without typical communication strategies. These skills are "transferable across all occupations," said Fasules. For example, many health care professionals have pivoted to all-virtual visits via phone or video chat, and that can require additional expertise in communicating, says Bates. 
 Time management 
 During a global pandemic — and the stress, anxiety, and uncertainty that comes along with it — many have found time management much more difficult than usual. If that's you (and you're not alone), there are ways to turn what you've learned into successful takeaways for your career. 
 Think about the way in which you've approached your daily schedule, listened to yourself, and attempted to work smarter rather than harder, says Fasules — when you were in "work mode," how did you focus, and in "home mode," how did you separate yourself from email and Slack pings? "Many of us were in sink-or-swim mode for so long we didn't actually realize we were building that muscle," said Bates. 
 Productivity 
 In your next cover letter, interview, or review session, describe how you figured out your own work-from-home "rhythm" — how to set the priority levels of different projects, separate professional and personal time, double as your own manager, solve your own day-to-day problems — and how you're going to apply those skills in your career, says Bates. For example, she says, in a cover letter, interview, or raise conversation, you could point out that during the pandemic, you learned how to meet the goals of an organization regardless of where you are and how to do it in an efficient way, using specific skills. 
 Conscientiousness 
 "You get hired for extraversion, and then you get raises for conscientiousness," said Fasules. She cites research published in 2016, which suggests a correlation between extraversion and starting salary (but not salary growth), while on the other hand, "conscientiousness was unrelated to starting salary growth but significantly so to salary growth." During a job interview, for instance, warmth and high energy often associated with extraversion could help a candidate's odds of selection, but researchers suggest those qualities won't necessarily propel a career forward as much as the intrinsic motivation and organization often associated with conscientiousness. "Figuring out how to prove you are a conscientious worker at the start is tricky and would be very beneficial," said Fasules. 
 Try to break down the idea of being "conscientious" — in your view, what makes up that quality? It could incorporate empathy, focus, respect, efficiency, or determination, for example. So in your cover letter or interview, instead of saying you're conscientious, you can show it with examples or by talking about the things that matter to you. For example, if you see empathy as a key ingredient in being conscientious, you could point out how during COVID-19, you threw out typical email jargon and replaced it with genuine phrasing, aiming to check in on the people you correspond with — clients, fellow employees — in a way that shows you truly care how they're doing. 
 Don 't Procrastinate: Teach Your Kids Time Management Skills | John Rampton, Entrepreneur.com 
 How can you teach your kids these basic  time-management skills ? Here are ten ways to accomplish that feat with some ideas that will stick throughout life. 
 The sooner, the better. 
 It may seem like over-parenting, but you can begin teaching basic time management skills to toddlers. Preschoolers are even capable of completing small tasks in short time blocks, such as brushing their teeth or putting away their toys. 
 Establish a routine and stick to it. 
 As your children get older, however, you’ll want to help them establish a daily routine. The reason? It lets them know “what is going to happen and who is going to be there, it allows them to think and feel more independently, and feel more safe and secure,” says Dr. Myers. “A disrupted routine can set a child off and cause them to feel insecure and irritable.” 
 In addition to some much-needed structure, this can help them become more accountable. And it gives you the opportunity to spend quality time with them. 
 Some obvious places to start setting simple time goals would be: 
 
 A morning routine, like eating breakfast and getting ready for school. 
 An after school routine, such as chores and homework. 
 An evening routine that could include dinner, brushing their teeth and reading before bed. 
 
 Have them make their own calendars. 
 Whether if it’s a DIY, old paper calendar, or an app like Cozi, get them involved in the calendar creating process. As a family, list your commitments and add them to the calendar. To prevent any confusion, use color-coding so that everyone has their own color for their own schedule. Most importantly, keep this in a location that’s easy to access and review. 
 Set priorities. 
 “It’s essential kids learn to differentiate between ‘have-tos’ and ‘want-tos’ and learn to prioritize and self-monitor,” Marcia Grosswald, an upper-elementary resource teacher, told  Scholastic . Grosswald uses the popular rock, pebble and water analogy, where students’ duties are represented by the rocks and pebbles. 
 The rocks, however, signify their most essential tasks, like school and sleep. The pebbles represent extracurricular commitments. And, the water stands in for want-to-dos, such as hanging out with friends. 
 “I use a jar to represent a day,” says Grosswald. “The rocks go in first because they are things you have to do whether you like it or not. Next, come the pebbles. But there’s still some room in the jar, so we pour water until our jar — and the day is full.” 
 Help them measure time. 
 “In order to make a realistic schedule, you need a good sense of how long things take,” says Grosswald. “I give them a chart that breaks the afternoon and evening hours into 15-minute intervals,” she explains. “Each time slot is followed by three columns: what kids plans to do, what they actually did and reflection.” 
 Make it fun. 
 As an adult, it’s hard to imagine how something like time management can be fun. But, it is possible by making it a game. Heck, you may even use gamification yourself to boost your  productivity . 
 As for kids, I suggest you explore the  Timex Time Machines  app. In a partnership with Scholastic, there are interactive games, lesson plans and activities to teach children in Grades 1 through 3 core time-telling concepts. 
 Stop being a helicopter parent. 
 Let’s say that  they just started a new school year . Because they have a new routine and teacher, which means new expectations and rules, they may be anxious. Instead of telling them how to handle this situation, let them voice their concerns and develop solutions to this problem. 
 When they’re older, let them create their own routine, and let them be flexible with their schedules so that they have free time. Your role, then, would be to coach and reward them as opposed to dictating every minute of their time. 
 Don 't over-schedule your kids. 
 What happens when you overcommit and pack your calendar too tightly? You probably feel like you’re always on the go. More troublesome, you may feel like you’re always behind. And, you don’t have the wiggle room to address the unexpected. 
 Designate a study zone. 
 If you’ve ever worked from home, then you know how important it is to have a dedicated workspace. I’d even go as far as to say that this should be a  top priority when it comes to time management . 
 The reason? It lets you block out distractions like the TV or noisy family members, and it helps you distinguish between your work and personal lives. 
 The same idea is true when it comes to children. They should have a designated study area that’s quiet and free of distractions so that they can focus on their homework. 
 Be a role model. 
 Finally, the best way to help your kids get a better grasp of time management is to set a good example. As psychologist Eileen Kennedy-Moore  explains  , “Good modeling doesn’t guarantee that children will do what we want them to do, but telling children ‘do as I say, not as I do’ definitely won’t work.” 
 You'll want to keep your own goals under control, meaning that if you’ve been emphasizing the importance of a schedule, and you’re  failing at time management  , they’ll pick-up on this inauthenticity. 
 5 ways to transform employee experience during the Covid-19 crisis | Yogita Tulsiani, Indianexpress.com 
 The crisis is disrupting the work culture, helping companies induce new ways of working and communicating with employees. There are several different ways in which the management and leadership are driving an impeccable employee experience during the ongoing crisis. 
 Becoming a full-time leader in building trust 
 At this time, employees want to hear the words of encouragement from influencers in the company. The leaders are taking a bigger role in rebuilding trust and reconciling employee communication. By creating a clear plan of communication and connection with employees, engaging them to share their opinions and concerns during the crisis can help them bring sustainability and credibility at the workplace. 
 Focusing on employee 's resilience and well-being 
 To improve employee experience, companies must stay strong with their employees than having them left in the dark during the crisis. A clear understanding of challenges and their emotional and financial condition can help them reshape their experience. The main focus of leadership and talent management teams is to keep their employees well-informed, safe and positive during the time of uncertainty. 
 Embed relationship-building strategies 
 To build strong relationship strategies, managers can take potential actions in developing employee to employee relationships and make them come together to listen, talk and work on tasks like never before. Moreover, they can also embed the ideas of virtual talent shows and peer-recognition sessions to strengthen professional relationships. 
 Maintaining employee productivity and engagement 
 The Covid-19 crisis has made the companies worry about the employees’ productivity and efficiency. The better way to go is to make them understand the company’s vision and business goals. The visibility of a clear vision makes the employees be more productive and pay more attention to their designated tasks. For larger organisations, making the right use of communication technology can help in delivering the required message at the right time. 
 Nurturing growth through online learning 
 Companies should make a comprehensive plan for learning offerings for employees. They can build a team of talent managers, IT, and learning delivery partners for remote training of employees. Once the clear view of learning is in place, managers can prioritise what needs to be built. 
 To get a clear picture of how employee experience is going to create long-term sustainability for the company, establish a list of effective employee communication strategies. Powerful analytics can assist talent managers to have a better sense of employee experience. Besides, making effective use of technology can enable them to make the employees stay informed and productive while being more transparent and open to their managers. Evaluating different assumptions and understanding their implications on business post-COVID-19 is the key to improved employee experience. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 June 30, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 2 Comments 
 Remote Work Digest: June 30, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 5 Ways To Engage Employees During Work From Home | Ruman Talwar, Entrepreneur.com 
 During the current pandemic, many employees have become accustomed to working from home setting. It is, therefore, important for companies to ensure that they keep motivating their employees with various campaigns and programmes. Here are a few ways to engage. 
 Online virtual games 
 Organizing games and quizzes have proven to create active participation rather than a passive immersion. Conducting games and quizzes online isn't that difficult. All you need is a PC/laptop/mobile with reasonable Internet speed. 
 Health and wellness 
 With the help of online video conferencing software, a group yoga session or a mindfulness series can be organized online to foster mental peace. Additionally, virtual health challenges such as pushups, sit-ups and planks will ensure that organizations flourish with a healthy workforce. 
 Recognition and awards 
 Adjusting to the home setting can be a bit of a hassle, which is why it imperative to reward people for specific actions. A personalized message or a virtual gift card expressing gratitude for the work they have been accomplishing can make them feel happier and fulfilled. 
 Communication 
 Effective communication within the organization is the need of an hour. Proactive, clear and impactful, and two-tone communication can make employees feel that their ideas are valued and that they are a pivotal part of the organization. 
 Upskilling and reskilling 
 Corporates across the various sectors are getting used to this new norm and are spending ample time in identifying the solutions to bridge the skill gaps in employees. One way could be providing bite-sized learning material to the employees. A lot of e-learning platforms have paid and free courses that employees can take to get skilled. Further, employers should encourage social learning, where employees can share their experiences and support each other. 
 4 Reasons Remote Work is Here to Stay | Ray Nelson, Devprojournal.com 
 Even as states reopen and some employees begin returning to the office, remote solutions are here to stay – not just as a safety net in the event of a secondary wave, but because of their value to employers and their workforce. 
 
 Increased Productivity 
 
 Two-thirds of managers report that employees who work from home increase their overall productivity, while 86 percent of employees say they’re more productive working from home, free of office distractions. No longer do water cooler conversations eat into the day or loud colleagues distract their coworkers. Employees instead report that being close to family and friends encourages them to work faster and more efficiently. 
 
 Decreased Stress 
 
 Fundera found that 82 percent of telecommuters report lower stress levels than when they were physically in the office, and 80 percent note that their morale is higher when working remotely. Reduced anxiety and better attitudes translate to better, harder workers, while also having the potential to reduce healthcare costs from stress-related illnesses. 
 
 Reduced Absenteeism 
 
 With remote work solutions, employees have the option to stay home and telework without spreading minor illnesses throughout the workplace. It also allows parents to stay home with sick children, or for employees to work if inclement weather makes it unsafe to commute. 
 
 Low Operating Costs 
 
 From office snacks, coffee and utility bills to the largest culprit: rent, teleworking eliminates – or at least significantly reduces – the need for these expenses. In fact, some 77 percent of businesses say that transitioning to remote work solutions may lead to reduced operating costs, per FlexJobs. Even technology giants like Twitter, which employs nearly 5,000 people, recently announced that workers may choose to work from home permanently. Meanwhile, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg predicts that half of the company could be working remotely within the next five to 10 years. 
 There’s no question that the trend towards working remotely is increasing, and the last few months have provided a global case study into the benefits of telecommuting. Factor in things like Gen Z’s preference for working remotely, and it’s likely that we’ll see a 30 percent increase by 2030, according to Gartner. COVID-19 was the catalyst for the expedited push toward remote work, but the trend’s momentum isn’t expected to slow any time soon. In fact, we’re likely to see it extend to other realms, including education. 
 What Work From Home Teaches Us: How To Create A Great Experience | Tracy Brower, Forbes.com 
 With the necessity of  social distancing  , masks and less amenities like cafeterias and coffee bars, the pre-vaccine workplace won’t offer all it once did. But it can still be an experience people want, that fulfills key needs. Here are a few to consider: 
 Provide For Connections 
 The most effective workplaces provide for connections that are both informal and formal. It’s the opportunity to run into a colleague in the hallway or the chance to solve a problem with a teammate during a weekly meeting. Creating offices—intentionally—where people can gather, collaborate and build ideas will best apply lessons from home and be most attractive to employees. 
 Provide For Choice 
 One of the hardest things about being home is the lack of options it has offered.  Based on brain science  , we know humans crave variety and stimulation and being home constantly has been predictable and monotonous for many. As a welcome alternative to home, the workplace should offer plenty of possibilities. Choice is made available through a variety of settings, surroundings and arrangements, but control is also key. People must have autonomy to sit away from a workstation—moving to an enclave for privacy or a work café to collaborate, working alone or in the midst of a buzzing community. 
 Provide For Safety 
 Creating a positive work experience mirrors the safety we perceive at home. When people feel secure, they can be their most creative. And when they feel the most appreciated, they can take bigger risks and step out on a limb toward new thinking and new innovations. The work experience can supply this kind of psychological safety by fostering  strong bonds among team members  and ensuring leaders are both visionary and empathetic. 
 Provide For Meaning 
 Work is part of life and the chance to spend more time with our inner circle has reminded many of us about what we find most important in life. In addition, staying home to avoid spreading the coronavirus has given us a sense of significance—a contribution to the broader community. This sense of meaning is also important for work. People are most motivated by work which is connected to a broader purpose and to which they can make a unique contribution.  Leaders should align people’s talents and skills with their responsibilities  , so they feel they’re adding real value. 
 Provide For Boundary 
 Work is important because it’s a critical way we contribute to society and feel valuable. But a healthy mix is important as well. All work, all the time leads to burnout and less effectiveness. The lesson from home is to give people the  opportunity to manage their boundary between work and home  and to empower them to have as much of both as possible. 
 Working from home is both  exhausting  and enjoyable, frustrating and fulfilling, monotonous and motivational. It is complex, but we can take what we’ve learned from working at home and inspire work experiences that provide for connection, choice, safety, meaning and boundary. It is these aspects of work and life which will be important as we go through the pandemic and—eventually—as we move beyond it. 
 Remote Jobs that Pay Well and Let You Travel the World | Africanexponent.com 
 Thanks to the  wide range of remote working tools  (like time tracking apps, conference tools, file-sharing extensions, etc.) available, employers now have more efficient and reliable resources for tracking the amount of time remote employees spend on their projects. As such, managers can ensure that productivity stays unhindered. 
 So, what are actually the  top jobs for remote work  today? Is it only developers, English tutors, and writers who can live the dream? 
 Digital Tour Guide 
 These days, a lot of travelers prefer to embark on independent exploration adventures. At times, all they need are a few knowledgeable tips from a professional wanderer. If you have visited a lot of places or simply know an area, city, or even a region as the back of your hand, you can try writing sightseeing guides or help fellow travelers navigate to the best restaurants and nightspots in the city. 
 Social Media Manager 
 It is not uncommon for businesses to invest both time and money into creating comprehensive social media campaigns to build up their brand presence. If you know your way around Instagram, Twitter, or TikTok and have what it takes to adjust to the ever-changing trends, you may find your skills in great demand by a vast pool of employers. 
 Bitcoin Trader 
 If you know more about Bitcoin than the average person and are willing to take the time to gain more expertise in the area, you may just become one of the trailblazers into the world of financial freedom for those eager to invest. As Bitcoin belongs to no particular country and allows for flexible money transfers between both individuals and institutions, you may find a variety of employment options in the Bitcoin trading field. 
 Data Analyst 
 An analyst’s ability to scrutinize the collected data and leverage it into strong decision making can make or break a brand. If you don’t mind spending a lot of your time going through Excel sheets and numbers do not make your dizzy, a career in data analytics may give you the freedom to stay out of the cubicle and under the sun. 
 Remote Personal Assistant 
 Times have changed and these days, quite a lot of the assisting actually goes on online. From posting content on social media and making Amazon purchases to answering email and filling in Google Calendar events, there are lots of tasks in the online world that one might want to hire a remote personal assistant for. Some of the skills you will need for the job include diligence, organization, and a pinch of agreeableness. 
 How about you? Have you thought about making the transition into working remotely? 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 May 29, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: May 29, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 4 Key Employee Engagement Success Factors | Kellie Wong, Business2community.com 
 Fully engaged employees have been shown to be  21 percent more profitable . Address employee disengagement in the workplace can help your business’s bottom line and overall success. Here are some of the biggest employee engagement success factors, and how to make improvements that raise both motivation and productivity. 
 Employee engagement success factors to cultivate 
 Employee engagement boils down to the quality of your company’s relationship with its people. Do you show workers appreciation? Do you give social rewards in addition to monetary ones? Do employees feel comfortable and empowered to speak their minds, share good ideas, and encourage coworkers? 
 Here are some of the major factors that affect employee engagement and how to improve them. 
 
 Company culture 
 
 Your culture is made up of values and behaviors. Make engagement itself a value and encourage engagement as a behavior. Seek to increase collaboration as much as possible and support making social connections. 
 Explain your company’s overall mission and tell every employee how their individual work helps to further that mission. This gives your team a sense of purpose and belonging, which are important for a strong culture of engagement. 
 
 Employee participation 
 
 Everyone has ideas and encouraging employees to share their thoughts has benefits: you not only show that you value their intellectual capabilities, but you might get some useful information, as well. 
 Give employees a platform where they can easily share their ideas with all levels of the organization. Allow people to have open conversations about work, education, or even on social topics. Because even conversations that aren’t directly about how to work better can strengthen social ties and cohesion. 
 Finally, encourage employees to recognize each other’s accomplishments. Not only does it spread warm, fuzzy feelings between coworkers, it makes people feel they are empowered to give praise. 
 
 Good management 
 
 Employees need managers they can respect: competent, smart leaders who aren’t in it for the sake of their own egos. You need to coach your management team on engagement strategies, ensuring they watch employee progress while constantly giving feedback and emotional engagement. 
 
 Frequent recognition 
 
 Without the work employees do every day, your company couldn’t exist. Make sure to express this! It’s especially important that managers and leaders give recognition, as it’s proven to be a powerful form of reinforcement. Recognition should be frequent, as  85 percent of employees  who were recognized weekly said they felt satisfied, and  75 percent of employees  who were recognized by management at least once a month reported high levels of job satisfaction. And yet, most employees do not receive recognition from management frequently enough. 
 Make it a priority to  recognize your employees on a frequent basis  and make the act of recognizing a social activity everyone in the company can get involved in. Recognition is the leading driver of employee engagement; don’t lose sight of this massive opportunity to improve your business and employee experience through recognition. 
 10 Surprising Work-From-Home Franchise Opportunities | Don Daszkowski, Forbes.com 
 Within franchising, there are a surprising number of home-based business opportunities. And what’s even more surprising is that you don’t need to be an expert or especially skilled in any certain field. For example, you can run an educational franchise without a teaching certificate. Generally, the skills needed to run most franchises are business acumen and motivation. The franchisor will teach you the rest. 
 Below are 10 business sectors you might never have considered for work-from-home opportunities. 
 Education 
 Often run as after-school enrichment programs, they require relationship-building skills to generate business. Owners develop partnerships with schools, daycares and community centers and offer add-on programs to existing curriculums. Once the relationships are in place, the business owners enjoy recurring revenue and can introduce additional programs, such as camps. 
 B2B Services 
 Being in a business that serves other businesses usually means recurring revenue and large-ticket jobs. Although many are home-based, these businesses usually require several vehicles and the ability to lead a crew of workers. Many times, franchisors have relationships in place with large companies, allowing the franchise owner to walk right into big contracts. 
 Business Consulting 
 As a work-from-home consultant, you can be trained to run a business that helps other professionals. These “white collar” franchises offer services like career coaching for individuals. They also work with businesses and provide services such as reducing expenses or acquiring funding. 
 Franchise Consulting 
 A career as a consultant can be extremely rewarding for folks who like to help people and make a difference. Offering a great work-life balance, franchise consultants can choose a part-time or full-time schedule and reap the rewards of the effort they put in. 
 Senior Care 
 This valuable service helps keep seniors in the comfort of their own homes longer. Services include everything from bathing and meal preparation to running errands. Many senior-care franchisees start out in a home-based setting and scale into bigger operations that are run from outside offices. 
 Home Services 
 Most home-services franchisors are looking to partner with people who can run businesses. They generally have low overhead and high margins and, depending on the business, they can offer a great work-life balance. 
 Property Management 
 Investments in rental properties are at an all-time high and have created a demand for property management services. With little overhead, many business owners can run the entire operation themselves, with no need for employees. 
 Vending 
 Today’s machines operate with sophisticated technology that automates payments and alerts owners when more stock is required. Because of a demand for healthier options, you will see them filled with items like protein bars, trail mix and gluten-free pretzels rather than candy bars and chips. 
 Mobile Businesses 
 As a business owner, they are generally fun and easy to run and provide a built-in marketing vehicle — literally. Whether it’s a food truck or a service van, whenever you are out on the road or parked at a job, your wrapped vehicle will grab attention and generate business. 
 Pet Services 
 If you love animals, you can find a home-based business that caters to our furry friends. There are pet grooming, pet training and even pet poop pick-up services. These are feel-good businesses that can bring in repeat business and word-of-mouth referrals. 
 If working from home during quarantine has you thinking about making the leap to owning your own business, franchising offers a wide array of choices for different interests and skill sets. 
 Productive remote workers do these 5 simple things every day | Elizabeth Grace Saunders, Fastcompany.com 
 As a time management coach, I’ve been partnering with my clients in navigating the transition from working in the office to working at home and back again. And I have found those who use these five strategies have been able to increase their overall productivity when working from home. 
 
 They convert their commute 
 
 Among the individuals who have found working from home to be a welcome change, I’ve seen a fairly similar pattern of converting their commute time into exercise time. Typically in the morning, they’ll workout (or at minimum walk their dog). And in the evening, they’re often choosing to go on more leisurely walks either on their own, with their dog, or as a family. 
 
 They block focused time 
 
 One good thing about being at home is that you have physical distance from your coworkers, so you can block focused time and stick with it. I recommend that you either have recurring focused time in your calendar, such as for an hour or two in the morning. Or that on a weekly basis you block in some chunks of time for the key activities you want to get done, such as putting together a report or writing an article. 
 
 They schedule meetings 
 
 To further increase your predictability and productivity, ask your colleagues to schedule a meeting with you to talk, especially if the meeting will require any forethought. It’s helpful to have meetings scheduled, so you can effectively plan your tasks around them and so that you’re in the right headspace to be present. 
 That being said, these meetings don’t have to be long. If you think something should only take 30 or even 15 minutes to discuss, ask for a meeting of that length to be scheduled on your calendar. There’s no need to stretch every conversation out to an hour. 
 
 They update their status 
 
 In order to be fully mentally engaged in what you’re working on during your focused time, in can also be helpful to update your online status. That could mean designating yourself as “away” on Slack or otherwise unavailable on IM or other internal communication tools. This declaration of your intention to not be available at a certain time can insulate you from the thoughts in the back of your head that “someone might have messaged me about something important” or “I might miss something and annoy someone.” 
 
 They resist the urge to self-distract 
 
 With all external distractions eliminated, our mind can sometimes unhelpfully search for ways to distract itself. Especially for extroverts, when the environment is most calm, the drive to find more stimulation is most high. 
 If you find yourself in that kind of situation, look for ways that you can increase the stimulation in your environment without reducing your productivity. That might look like listening to music that helps you get in the flow, using a standing desk, or simply placing your laptop on top of a high counter or bureau, so you can shift your weight as you work. 
 You may find yourself returning to the office soon, or you may find that working from home has become your new lifestyle. Wherever you see yourself on the spectrum, these strategies can allow you to be most effective on the homefront. 
 Eight Benefits Of Encouraging Employees To Disconnect On Time | Forbes Human Resources Council, Forbes.com 
 Knowing when to pack it in for the day is as important as knowing when to start working. Below, eight associates of  Forbes Human Resources Council  examine the benefits that come with encouraging employees to disconnect after a long day's work, and how this could help both the business and the employee in the long run. 
 
 Avoiding Employee Burnout 
 
 It is too easy for employees to feel the need to answer every email. One practice is to ensure managers are not contacting employees after hours. An easy fix is for managers to schedule emails to be delivered during work hours. Encourage employees to take vacation time -- you can deactivate their service during their vacation and reactivate when they return. -  Patricia Sharkey  ,  IMI People 
 
 Promoting Work-Life Balance 
 
 Promoting a culture of work-life balance will lead to increased employee engagement, enhanced employee productivity, reduced attrition and improved company brand perception. -  Ochuko Dasimaka  ,  Career Heights Consulting, Inc. 
 
 Improving Efficiency 
 
 Research shows that humans need downtime and brain breaks for maximum efficiency. We've found that our staff is more productive and eager to work when they're well-rested, healthy and have taken some time for themselves. That's why at our weekly all-hands we do a green/yellow/red check-in to be sure we're all in a good headspace to start the week. -  Yolanda Lau  ,  FlexTeam 
 
 Higher Productivity Levels 
 
 While leaders should encourage work-life fluidity, an important aspect of that is taking the appropriate amount of time to truly be "offline." When people are happy in their personal lives, they'll be motivated to succeed at work. And, when people have time to disconnect, they are given more mental capacity to bring creativity into their work. -  Lisa Sterling  ,  Ceridian 
 
 Increased Creativity and Engagement 
 
 We find that when employees are given the opportunity to unplug at night and on weekends, they are recharged and refreshed and come back to work with higher levels of creativity and engagement. When employees are more engaged they are more innovative and productive! -  Diane Strohfus  ,  Betterworks.com 
 
 Higher Retention Rates 
 
 When employees are encouraged to disconnect at the end of the workday and on weekends, they come back to work with increased creativity, higher job satisfaction, and increased retention rates because they aren't burned out. Employees who can take time off to unwind also tend to feel more valued by the company as an individual, rather than feeling like a replaceable piece of the business. -  Laura Spawn  ,  Virtual Vocations, Inc. 
 
 Building Respect and Loyalty 
 
 If workers know that they are treated as whole humans, then they will return the favor by committing to their employer. Retention of refreshed, productive and energized employees will result in successful execution of goals and will create impactful careers. Both employees and companies benefit from protected downtime. -  Jessica Delorenzo  ,  Kimball Electronics Inc 
 
 Honoring Employees As People 
 
 Employees need a chance to recharge. Using evenings and weekends as personal time empowers employees to pursue personal interests, spend time with their families and rest. During work hours, they can be fully engaged in their work, and perhaps even more creative because their brains and bodies are refreshed. It's also a way of honoring employees as full people rather than as cogs in a machine. -  Courtney Pace, Ph.D.  ,  FedEx Employees Credit Assoc. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 April 28, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: April 28, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 5 reasons companies are adopting the distributed team model | Moira Alexander, Techrepublic.com 
 Some of the  top remote companies to work for  , including Amazon, Intuit, and Johnson & Johnson, have recognized the benefits of hiring a distributed workforce, and this has only been further reinforced by the recent  COVID-19  pandemic and its resulting business disruption. 
 Here are five reasons your company should consider hiring a distributed or hybrid team. 
 
 Improve your skills-based hiring.  To be successful, your company should be tapping into a broader talent pool, and this means finding employees or contractors who can help you achieve project-specific goals rather than employees who are located near your office. Hiring solely based on skill and fit increases the likelihood that you'll be satisfied with your hire and the quality of their work. 
 Save money.  By not having to pay for a larger commercial space and all the associated utilities and maintenance costs, remote employers are able to offer more competitive salaries and benefits to their distributed workforce. 
 **Increase your employees ' satisfaction. **OWLLabs reports that remote workers say they're happier in their jobs 83% more than on-site workers and that they would take a pay cut of up to 10% in order to work remotely. Travel to and from the office as well as politics and conflict within the office add significantly to costs and stress. 
 Lower your turnover.  Most people can agree that higher salaries combined with more work-life balance, opportunities for career progression, and less conflict increase the chance of staying with an employer for the long haul. 
 Increase employee ownership and buy-in.  When employees or contractors are part of a distributed team, they're far more likely to develop a sense of ownership and buy-in and work harder in general. In fact, remote workers say that they work more than the expected 40 hours a week 43% more often than on-site workers. 
 
 With current events throwing companies into a tailspin, your company should adopt a distributed or hybrid team to attract talent. By offering a better work-life balance, less stress, and higher pay, your company wins through increased employee buy-in, higher productivity, and lower turnover. 
 Work From Home Guide for First-Time Remote Workers | Nikola Baldikov, Allbusiness.com 
 Even before the current situation around COVID-19, remote work has been on the rise. A  recent study  released prior to the coronavirus pandemic found that 50% of employees globally worked remotely for at least half of the week. This has been matched by a similarly positive trend in employee preference when it comes to remote work. The same study found that when faced with similar job offers, 80% of employees would refuse the offer that didn’t offer a flexible work option. 
 All of this means that whether you’re ready or not, remote work is here to stay. The logical question now becomes how can you not only survive in this new reality, but thrive. Luckily, there’s an abundance of collective knowledge on remote work gained by early adopters. Read on to find some practical tips and tools that will help you make the most of this situation. 
 Establish a routine 
 Perhaps the biggest challenge to adapting to a new work arrangement is finding your routine. Humans find comfort in the familiar, so until you become used to working from home you’ll likely feel out of place. 
 We all have our office routine, usually revolving around peak productive times, meetings and down time for things like lunch and coffee. Just because you’re working from home doesn’t mean that you can’t recreate something similar. 
 **Morning exercise - **Previously you may have walked to work, climbed some stairs, left the office to get lunch, etc. Compensating for this is important for your physical and mental health. 
 **Get dressed for work - **Just because you can spend all day in your pajamas doesn’t mean you should. In order to set the right tone for yourself, take the time to prepare yourself for the day just as you would if you were going to the office. 
 **Breakfast and personal time - **Breakfast is the perfect opportunity to do something for yourself: catch up on the news, read a book, just look out the window, or anything else that brings you joy. 
 **Create a plan for your workday - **Taking time in the morning to outline your tasks and goals for the day is a great way to maintain focus. 
 **Work smart - **When you feel that you need a break, take one. In the office you would find ways to clear your mind and stretch your legs. 
 **Finish work at a set time - **Set a clear end time for your work every day. Of course this can be adjusted in certain cases, as in the office. However, sticking to strict working times can create an important separation of your work and your personal life. 
 Don 't forget to take time for yourself 
 One of the biggest challenges of working from home is the feeling you’re always connected. Too often people get up, turn on the computer, begin working, and don’t stop until late in the evening, putting in much more than an eight-hour day. Partly this comes from a drive to “prove” you’re working, a mindset that you should try to overcome as you become more comfortable with remote work. 
 Just because your home has now become your office you shouldn’t feel obliged to be available during all waking hours. In fact, now more than ever, it’s important to take time for yourself in order to maintain your physical and mental health. 
 Find ways to interact in person 
 One of the biggest challenges of working from home is the loss of human-to-human connection that you find in the office. You’ll quickly come to value, and miss, those in-person interactions. Humans are social beings, and we need to feel connected. In fact,  research  shows that 19% of remote workers report loneliness as their biggest challenge. That’s why when working from home it’s crucial to find ways to interact in person. 
 Find the right tools 
 Too often people hope for a technological solution to a human challenge. Using the right tools can certainly help you feel more connected and increase your ability to collaborate. However, tools are a means rather than an end, and it’s much more important to nail down the points above before considering technology. 
 With that said, there are some broad categories of tools that can help you and your team stay in touch and maintain productivity. Your choice will depend on many factors, including your current setup, your team’s specific needs, the size of your team, the size of your budget, etc. 
 Team communication solutions 
 Your choice will ultimately need to reflect your team’s specific needs, for example, whether you need to keep in constant touch and be able to collaborate in groups, or you do most of your work individually. 
 Here are a few examples of tools to help orient you in your search: 
 Zoom:  **** A remote conferencing service that’s gaining a lot of attention during the current crisis for its work, educational, and social uses. Zoom offers a range of tools for online meetings, chat and collaboration. 
 Slack   :  Slack allows you to structure your communication by teams and topics. There’s also the ability to integrate an unlimited number of apps, which can help streamline your remote communication. 
 Microsoft Teams   :  A good choice if you’re looking for a more comprehensive collaboration solution for your remote work. 
 Organization and productivity apps 
 Staying focused and on task is difficult in the best of circumstances. Without the structure that an office environment provides, it can become even more difficult. There are a range of apps developed to help teams stay organized and productive. From time tracking and scheduling software, to project planning and workflow organization, there’s an app for pretty much every need. 
 Dealing with change 
 Suddenly being forced to switch to a home office setup due to external factors is just such a situation. By approaching this change with an open heart, open mind, and of course, a good plan, you can turn a challenge into an opportunity for growth! 
 5 tips to staying productive during the quarantine | Kelly Broderick, Wmar2news.com 
 Because your days may be stuck behind those four walls for a bit, we're taking a look at some tips to help improve your productivity during these trying times. 
 
 Create a Flexible Schedule 
 
 Be realistic about your tasks and if you feel like you're being drained by the end of the day, try to space the things out. One of the aspects about this pandemic is how emotionally and mentally draining it can be on an individual. If you feel like you need a break from things for a while, do that. But try to be productive about those decisions. 
 Productivity coach Rose-Anne Uwague weighed in on this topic with Forbes saying, "Honesty is key. If you don't feel like doing something because you are drained, overwhelmed or tired, it is better not to do it. If the lack of desire is merely laziness, then dump the excuses and get up and go!" 
 
 Prioritize your to-do list 
 
 This may be an obvious one, but try to choose the tasks based on what has to get done that day. If you can, try to pair activities together! Now that's not saying you should try your new workout routine while learning how to cook, but if you have to do some work on the computer, why not do your laundry at the same time? Things you can pair are tasks that can be paused if one of them needs to take priority. 
 
 If you 're looking for a job, start building up your resume! 
 
 Working on your resume, strengthening your LinkedIn page or even creating a website is something that will keep you on top of your game if you do hit the hard times. 
 
 Learn a new skill! 
 
 Learning a skill doesn't have to be a monumental thing. In some ways, it can just teach you something new or give you something to add to that resume we talked about. 
 
 Know when to take a break 
 
 If you have the ability to, go for a walk or step outside for 10 minutes. If you're unable to leave your house at this time, try to do some stretches or schedule quick phone calls with family when you need a break from work. 
 Rome wasn't built in a day, so if its a struggle to stay motivated, realize you are not alone. 
 19 Jobs You Can You Can Do Without Leaving the House | Stacy Rapacon, Aarp.org 
 Working from home, in many ways, is the only solution for older workers who tend to be more susceptible to severe cases of COVID-19, the illness caused by the new coronavirus. The good news is you can find an array of work-from-home jobs across all industries and at varying experience levels. Here are 19 work-from-home jobs currently hiring. 
 
 Teacher 
 
 Who's hiring:  Outschool  ,  K12  ,  Prof360 
 Pay can vary widely, depending on what exactly you teach. For example, the median hourly pay is about  $15 an hour  for an elementary school teacher and  $33 an hour  for a postsecondary professor, according to PayScale. Outschool, a marketplace for online classes, says its teachers make $30 to $40 an hour, on average. 
 
 Telehealth Nurse 
 
 Who's hiring:  AxisPoint Health  ,  Forward 
 Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Indeed, AxisPoint Health is looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. 
 
 Transcriptionist 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Literably  ,  Pactera Technologies 
 If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training. 
 
 Consultant 
 
 **Who 's hiring: **Various companies 
 This can be a particularly attractive move for pre-retirees in a variety of industries hoping to ease into retirement, as it lets you trim back your hours as you see fit but maintain your senior-level pay rate if you stick with your area of expertise. You might even be able to talk to your current employer about transitioning a full-time position into a contract role. Otherwise, a number of online job boards — such as  Upwork  and  FlexJobs  — and staffing agencies — such as  Wahve  (which specializes in working with pre-retirees) and  Robert Half  — can help connect you with clients. 
 
 Bookkeeper 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** AccountingDepartment.com  ,  Beech Valley Solutions 
 Keep your accounting expertise at home and provide your services virtually. AccountingDepartment.com is hiring accounting professionals for a variety of full-time and fully remote positions that come complete with health insurance, a 401(k) plan and paid vacation time. Beech Valley Solutions is seeking hourly contract accounting pros for ongoing work. 
 
 Virtual Assistant 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Boldly 
 Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. 
 
 Focus Group Participant 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Consumer Opinion Services  ,  Find Focus Groups  ,  Focus Pointe Global 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. 
 
 Translator 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** CyraCom  ,  Translate.com  ,  Wikimedia Foundation 
 These workers translate the written or the spoken word, depending on the position. At CyraCom (which is currently seeking  Swahili interpreters  ), you'd staff the phones and assist people communicating with doctors, insurance agents and even 9-1-1 operators.  Translate.com  offers work on a gig-by-gig basis, which can give you more flexibility. Just note that all gigs are first come, first served and  can pay less than a penny per word . 
 
 Mock Juror 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Online Verdict  ,  eJury.com  ,  Jury Test 
 Mock jurors assist lawyers (and their clients) by reviewing legal cases and offering their feedback on how they'd rule. Like participating in focus groups, you can't exactly make a career of this. 
 
 Writer 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Contently  ,  NerdWallet 
 The ability to string a sentence together can land you a work-from-home job in a wide range of industries, whether you're a rookie writer or a seasoned pro. Of course, the more experience you have, the greater your pay potential. Expertise in a certain field — be it sports, parenting, personal finance, technology or science — can also help boost your prospects, as well as narrow your job search. 
 
 Customer Service Representative 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Discover Financial Services  ,  InfoCision  ,  liveops  ,  Prudential  ,  Teladoc Health  ,  Williams Sonoma 
 Make your home a one-person call center. You can assist customers by phone for a variety of businesses in a wide range of industries, from retail to health care to technology and everything in between. You may even be able to give your voice a rest and provide your services online, helping clients via email or online chat. 
 
 Negotiator 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Path One Group 
 If your communication skills are particularly persuasive, becoming a bill negotiation advocate could be right up your alley. Through its Autopilot product, the tech company Viv, a subsidiary of Path One Group, aims to help people lower their monthly bills for cable, cellphone plans, internet and other utilities. And they need negotiators to do the dirty work of haggling with the likes of Comcast, Verizon and other service providers most people would prefer not to talk to themselves. 
 
 SEO Specialist 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Coalition Technologies  ,  Main Street ROI  ,  Sure Oak 
 SEO experts review and analyze websites, identifying content and design issues that could be dragging them down and  providing solutions for improvement . Many companies are seeking to fill this kind of position with full-time, part-time and contract workers. 
 
 Claims Investigator 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Amazon  ,  Anthem  ,  Bcforward 
 Put your sleuthing skills to work. Claims investigators perform in-depth online and database research to assess the legitimacy of an individual's unemployment or insurance claim. The level of education and experience required varies by position, with senior roles possibly requiring specialized degrees. 
 
 Speech Language Pathologist 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** ProCare Therapy  ,  Soliant  ,  VocoVision 
 Speech language pathologists work with K-12 students to identify communication disorders and develop individualized education plans to address their needs. And with schools currently practicing remote learning, school districts are seeking remote workers to provide this important specialized service via teletherapy. 
 
 Fundraising Coordinator 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** InfoCision  ,  MedGlobal  ,  TrueSense Marketing 
 Help raise money for the causes you believe in. You can take on a full-time entry-level job that requires you to communicate directly with potential or existing donors. 
 
 School Psychologist 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** ProCare Therapy  ,  Soliant  ,  VocoVision 
 Schools aren't just for book learning; they also provide a safe haven for students where professionals can help assess and promote their well-being. School psychologists work with K-12 students to identify and address any academic struggles, learning disabilities, and behavioral and emotional issues. And with schools currently practicing remote learning, school districts are seeking remote workers to provide this important specialized service via teletherapy. 
 
 Sales Agent 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** eHealth  ,  Humana  ,  Salesforce 
 Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. 
 
 Software Engineer 
 
 **Who 's hiring: ** Amazon  ,  LocusLabs  ,  Robert Half 
 In addition to full-time listings with the above employers and staffing agencies, you can find freelance gigs for software engineers and developers via online marketplaces, such as  FreeUp  ,  Remote  and  Upwork . 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 April 2, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: March 31, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 5 Productive Things You Can Do While In Quarantine | Blair Flood, Money.com 
 If you’re among the thousands of Americans who suddenly find themselves with extra time in their day due to new work from home policies (less commute time) or temporary leave, we came up with these 5 productive things you can do while in quarantine to help you keep your sanity. 
 1. Learn about the stock market to be prepared 
 Market sell-offs create huge buying opportunities. A  Motley Fool Stock Advisor  membership provides you with the market research you need to navigate these difficult times. 
 Once you figure out what to buy, you’ll need to figure out how to buy. In just a few years,  Robinhood  has become one of the largest stock trading apps in the country, offering commission-free trading and an easy way to start investing. They offer you the ability to start with as little as $1 and buy fractional shares, so if your favorite company’s stock is a little too expensive, you can still get involved. 
 2. Make sure your credit report is in good shape 
 Don’t make the same mistake! There are sites that allow you to see a free copy of your credit report and services that help you  monitor your credit  in real-time. This will allow you to catch any errors before you go to apply for a loan or credit card. Spending a few minutes now to make sure that your credit report is in good shape could save you a ton of time down the road. 
 3. Keep your mind busy by learning a new language 
 Learning a new language has been on my to-do list for years, and I’m finally checking it off. I want to be fully prepared once it’s safe to travel again, and to be honest, it’s not taking nearly as much time as I thought. 
 4. Use this time to compare prices on your home and car insurance 
 If you don’t own a home, but are still looking to save some money, getting an updated car insurance quotes is a great way to find savings. MONEY’s recent article  The Best Auto Insurance for 2020  is a great place to find a few companies to get quotes from. Even if you don’t end up switching, it’s a good idea to see what you can save. 
 5. File your taxes 
 If you’re sheltered in place,  tax preparation software  is the way to go. Most companies offer free online software, but charge extra for assistance. I learned the hard way that paying the extra fee can be worth it if you have a complicated filing (like getting a letter from your city saying that you owe them taxes from over 4 years ago… You can always add on the assistance later if you need it, so start with the free version and see how far you get. 
 Now, Relax! 
 You’ve earned it. Call that friend you’ve been wanting to video chat with for a while, relax with a glass of wine delivered to your door, read that book that you started over Christmas break and never finished, or spend time making a home-cooked meal. 
 How to maintain employee performance during COVID-19 | HRD, Hcamag.com 
 The majority of organisations have focused on scenario planning and necessary operational responses to ensure business continuity during COVID-19, according to Brian Kropp, chief of research for the Gartner HR practice. 
 However, these plans often do not address, nor impact, employees’ ability to focus on their work, Kropp added. 
 According to Gartner, HR should help managers at all levels do six specific activities to ensure employees get the requisite support to tackle the emotional response: 
 Sense employees ' need for support 
 Managers need to recognize signs of distress among their people, both directly through conversations and indirectly through observation. 
 To facilitate regular conversations between managers and employees, HR should provide managers with guidance on how best to broach sensitive subjects arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, including alternative work models, job security and prospects, impact to staffing, and tension in the workplace. 
 Promote dialogue to build understanding 
 Two-way communication with managers and peers provides employees with the information and perspective they need, while allowing them to express and process negative emotions and improve their feelings of control. 
 HR leaders should help managers create opportunities for two-way dialogues that focus on a realistic picture of both the positive and negative implications of the current COVID-19 outbreak. 
 Use objectives to create clarity 
 Clear objectives and regular updates on possible changes will help ensure employees maintain focus, energy and a sense of purpose. 
 HR leaders can help managers reassert the link between employees’ work and organisational success by providing visibility into the current organisational goals and translating the organisation’s vision into their employees’ context. 
 Reinforce organisational values to reduce the like hood of misconduct 
 Apart from modeling the right behaviors, managers should encourage whistleblowers to call out unethical behaviors, remind staff of the channels for reporting misconduct, and highlight punitive measures for noncompliance. 
 Tailor recognition to acknowledge employee efforts 
 Recognition can take many forms other than monetary rewards — public acknowledgment, tokens of appreciation, development opportunities and low-cost perks. 
 For organisations facing a slowdown in business, managers can take this opportunity to provide development opportunities to employees who normally do not have capacity. This reinforces the organisation’s commitment to the long-term success of the employee. 
 Drive engagement via innovation 
 While managers and employees may understandably become more risk-averse in this uncertain environment, it is these times of change and disruption that innovation and risk-taking become even more important for employee engagement and organisational success. 
 The disengaging effect of constraints on innovation and risk-taking are particularly severe for high-potential (HIPO) employees who tend to have a stronger desire for these types of opportunities. 
 15 easy kitchen hacks that will transform your life during lockdown | Laura Nightingale, Getsurrey.co.uk 
 With  the nation on lockdown  , if you get bored at home these tricks will certainly inspire you. 
 1. Tissue box 
 Fill an empty tissue box with carrier bags, bin bags or food waste bags and pull them out as you would a tissue. 
 2. Egg cartons 
 Don’t waste that last drop of sauce. Instead pour it into plastic egg cartons to make single serve portions. 
 3. Freeze milk 
 There are lots of foods that can be frozen which you might not realise, including milk.Frozen milk should be thawed before it is used and be sure to give it a big shake before you pour it to ensure all the solids and liquids have been fully mixed. 
 4. Microwave bread 
 You can make bread in the microwave, yes really. Plus it takes just 90 seconds to cook. For the  full recipe click here . 
 5. Pasta recipe 
 Did you know you can make pasta from scratch with just four ingredients and it takes under 10 minutes to make?  Watch this video here  showing how to make it in a flash. 
 6. Jam jars 
 Clean, empty jam jars can be used for a whole host of things including tea light holders, mini vases for wild flowers and, our favourite, for keeping food in. 
 7. Hang cleaning products on a rod 
 If the cupboard under your sink is a mess and you can never find that bottle of kitchen cleaner, make a rail for them. Screw a metal rod into the cupboard and hang the handles on it to make more space. 
 8. Saucepan handles 
 If you didn’t know, the reason why there is a hole in a saucepan handle is so that you can rest a wooden spoon in it. 
 9. Put paper towels in the salad drawer 
 Kitchen roll absorbs the condensation that vegetables generate as they chill. So put a layer of paper in the fridge draw to keep them fresher for longer. 
 10. Wine bottle watering can 
 Use your empty wine bottles as watering cans to feed the plants. Alternatively, they make a fancy water carafe for the kitchen table. 
 11. Coffee jar vase 
 Bigger than a jam jar, they make excellent vases. 
 12. Planter box milk cartons 
 Simply cut them in half, fill with soil, pop in seeds and watch your flowers or herbs grow. It’s great fun for kids and they can decorate the boxes too. 
 13. Banana pancakes 
 If you can’t get hold of flour, eggs or milk, you can still enjoy pancakes with this healthier alternative. Just mash one banana, blitz an handful of oats into a flour consistency, mix them together and then fry in a pan. 
 14. Nice cream 
 Nice cream as opposed to ice cream because it’s nice and healthy. It’s virtually fat free and has no refined sugars. All you need to do is cut a ripe or over ripe banana into chunks and freeze. Once frozen remove and blend it with a splash of milk to a thick and creamy texture. You can customise it however you like. We like blitzing frozen strawberries with it too for yummy strawberry and banana nice cream. 
 15. Flip your cereal bag before opening 
 Hate finding crumbs at the bottom of your cereal packet? Don’t throw them away or suffer with a mushy breakfast. Just shake the bag each morning to distribute all those little bits. 
 6 productivity tips for staying on schedule when working from home | Hope Reese, Techrepublic.com 
 Working from home can also bring distractions from friends, family, social media, new obligations at home––especially if you're sharing space with others––and reinventing schedules. All these things are likely to throw you off your routine. As a result, it's easier to lose track of time or miss out on the regular reminders about important workplace meetings. 
 Here are six tips from productivity experts about how to stay on schedule and not miss out on important workplace meetings: 
 1. C  **  reate a new alert infrastracture 
** 
 Gretchen Rubin is the author of the international bestseller  The Happiness Project.  As someone who has dedicated a lot of thought to examining the best way to live a productive and fulfilling life, you could call her an expert on setting healthy habits. 
 "I'm losing my sense of time," Rubin told TechRepublic. "I usually know exactly what time it is, and what time of day it is, and it's getting lost. So, even if you don't usually depend on calendar alerts and putting Post-it notes up, you might find you need to build up more infrastructure." 
 2. Make it clear to others that you are home, but you are still working 
 If you have roommates, a partner, or kids at home, working at home might make it seem as though you're more available for activities around the house or hanging out. And while the great benefit of working from home is the increased flexibility, it's critical to make sure you maintain a healthy boundary between your home life and your work life. 
 Gently inform others who might be distracting you from your work schedule that you need to stick to your schedule. If it's you who is creating the distractions, make sure that you keep yourself accountable by setting hours and sticking to them. Close the door to your office area, if possible, or put in headphones to block outside sounds. 
 3. Stop messing around on Instagram 
 To counteract your social networks' ease of use during work hours, remove them from your browser shortcuts and, according to Fast Company, log out of every account. You might even consider working primarily in a private or incognito browser window. This ensures you stay signed out of all your accounts and each web search you conduct doesn't autocomplete the word you're typing. It's a guarantee that you won't be tempted into taking too many social breaks during the day. 
 4. Write down your schedule – and stick to it 
 Rubin suggests writing things down on paper to stay on track. "Without the infrastructure and the social aspects of seeing people come and go, you might forget. You might have to prepare something for Friday, but you feel like Friday is an eternity away," she said. "Yet time is still passing, so you might need to write things down more explicitly." 
 5. Create your own workspace 
 It's key to make a space that feels like it's meant to get work done. That means avoiding your bed and sofa, if possible. "I think a lot of people would benefit from reimagining their space," Rubin says. "You might even need to move your childrens' bedrooms around to make a work or study space." 
 6. Double-check your tech 
 Many of us have experienced the dreaded moment when your conference call has started, but you're not able to get into it. Maybe your internet connection is slow. Maybe you haven't downloaded the proper software. Maybe you haven't checked your audio. For those working at home in the age of COVID-19, the problems could be amplified––maybe other people in your space are loud, and you can't hear the meeting. Or you're juggling multiple meetings online and finding it hard to keep track which one you're supposed to join. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 February 29, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: February 28, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 10 Reasons Why Time Management is Important | Mark Pettit, Thriveglobal.com 
 The ability to manage your time effectively is important if you want to have more time for the people that matter and to reach your goals quicker. 
 Effective time management leads to improved productivity, quicker results and more success in business and life. 
 Understanding the importance of time management can create more time, more opportunities, less stress and the achievement of bigger goals. 
 Here are 10 time management tips to help you manage time and reach your goals quicker: 
 
 Create a time audit 
 
 Time audit will help you identify activities to eliminate and activities to invest more time on. Simply list all of the activities do you in a week and time spent on each. Then ask yourself if that time investment is the best use of time. 
 Eliminate activities where appropriate and spend more time on the activites that will help you reach your goals quicker. 
 Focus on results not time spent. 
 
 Become a planning master 
 
 If you're clear on your goals, lay out clear plans to achieve those goals. This should include quarterly planning, monthly planning, weekly planning and daily planning. If you have no direction or focus for your day or week then you can easily become distracted and waste time. 
 
 Focus time on your most important activity 
 
 Multi-tasking can waste hours of time every day. Choose the one thing and use time blocking to remove distractions. This will help mind and body stay focused and energised. 
 
 Use the Pareto Principle to manage time 
 
 Use the Pareto Principle, otherwise known as the 80:20 rule, to prioritise your time and energy. This rule suggests that 20% of something produces 80% of the results. Using the Pareto Principle look at how you can focus less time to produce a bigger result. 
 The Pareto Principle is all about leveraging a small amount of time and effort to deliver bigger results. 
 
 Don 't worry about being perfect 
 
 Perfectionists think that nothing will ever be perfect so they spend too much time tweaking and amending to ensure that a project is perfect. Nothing will ever be perfect. Use your best capabilities to start a project and then work with someone else or delegate the rest. 
 
 Prioritise your time 
 
 By focusing, and staying away from low value work you can achieve more by working less. This focus comes from being clear on your goals and an ability to prioritise and work on projects in blocks of time until completed. If you can free up an extra hour of time a day think how much more productive you'll be. 
 
 Celebrate progress 
 
 There are always things to celebrate and achievements made in every day. At the end of each day list three you've achieved. This will ensure you end your day feeling motivated and energised. 
 
 Achieve goals faster 
 
 Many people have big goals that they don't achieve. But without understanding the importance of time management, you may always big goals that you don't achieve. 
 The reason. Too short deadlines. 
 If you want to achieve goals faster, set bigger goals with longer deadlines and smaller goals with shorter deadlines. 
 Every goal achievements build progress and momentum so make it easy on youself to achieve your goals. 
 
 Increase energy by freeing up time 
 
 The answer is to take more time our of your business and life for rest and rejuvenation. This could be taken just for you or to spend with the people in your life that are most important. 
 More time out increases energy and motivation. 
 
 Create time to do more of what you love 
 
 In business focus more of your time on the activities that you're great at and love to do. 
 When you spend more time doing things you're passionate about with people you want to work with, you creat a much bigger impact. 
 In your life, spending more time doing the things that you love is exciting and motivating. 
 What to Look For in a CV When Hiring a Remote Candidate | Andrew Fennell, Theundercoverrecruiter.com 
 Hiring a remote candidate is a little different from hiring someone to work in-office or on-premises. Remote workers have certain attributes that make them awesome at working independently and as any recruiter knows, there will be little “tells” hidden and sometimes not so hidden in a remote candidate’s CV. 
 What should a recruiter look for in a remote worker's CV? 
 Commitment 
 A remote worker has to be committed and dedicated to getting their job done. If you can find that perfect level of commitment in a candidate, you can be sure that despite any of the comforts or distractions of working from home, and with the trust of working unsupervised, they will get their job done, and well. 
 Self-discipline 
 Self-discipline could be seen as the ability to consistently achieve or to regularly perform an activity, by using willpower to overcome distractions or hurdles. 
 Enthusiasm and passion 
 A remote worker doesn’t have a team to bounce ideas off or someone they can look to for words of encouragement. Their willingness to complete their tasks and do so well needs to come mostly from within themselves. This takes the form of enthusiasm and passion for what they do and who they do it for. If a remote worker doesn’t enjoy what they do, they won’t do it well. 
 Organization and time management 
 A remote worker’s CV should either visibly demonstrate or infer that the candidate is organized. If a remote worker loses focus or gets behind in their task, the impact for a business may be greater as it might not be noticed immediately. 
 Attention to detail 
 Remote workers are usually expected to submit completed work of one kind or another or perform duties that might not be checked by another employee. It’s mistakes in particular that will be costly to employers especially errors that aren’t picked up, perhaps until a customer is impacted. 
 Communication skills 
 Although they might not need to communicate, or even report in all the time, it is expected that when they do that communication is accurate and concise. A remote worker needs to be able to convey, perhaps even in an email or by telephone, if they are having problems or need a task carried out by a colleague. 
 Positions of trust 
 If you can see a remote working candidate has held a position of trust, this illustrates they were relied upon by another business to get their job done, effectively. And, it doesn’t have to be a remote position of trust. A supervisory or management role indicates a candidate had less supervision and was expected to be self-disciplined as well as making sure others performed their roles effectively. 
 An aptitude for technology 
 Technology is empowering remote working; employees can work as seamlessly remotely as they could in the same building with colleagues and on-premise technology. Remote workers need to use, sometimes multiple, communication and collaboration platforms. 
 Problem-solving skills 
 When working alone they’ll need to be resourceful when facing a challenge, as they may not be able to contact another employee or a manager immediately for assistance. Equally, a remote worker can’t be on the phone to a head-office or senior every five minutes. 
 Ability to work independently 
 A remote worker is unlikely to be successful if their personality is such that they excel only in a team environment. Look for jobs that show a remote working candidate has worked predominantly alone and enjoyed it. 
 Remote working experience 
 With the number of remote working jobs growing daily, the pool of available and experienced remote workers is falling, especially those with plenty of experience. As such, it’s the soft skills and attributes above, and others, either innate or gained during other work experience that will indicate if a candidate has what it takes to be a high-performing remote worker. 
 5 Breathtaking Ways to Inspire Your Employees in 2020 | Jacklyne Kweyu, Thriveglobal.com 
 Here are some tricks that you can use to keep your employees inspired. 
 
 Respect your employees 
 
 Always treat an employee, the same way you would want someone else to treat you. Be courteous, polite, and kind while dealing with them. Put in mind the voice tone that you use and body language displays; matters too. Whenever an employee speaks to you, learn to listen first before reacting. By doing so, you inspire your employees; they have no reason to look for work elsewhere. 
 
 Invest in your Employees 
 
 Experts say that investing in your employees is synonymous with investing in your company's future. If you do not invest in them, turnover will be high, hampering your success. 
 You can have individual development plans for all your employees. Have them set and write down both their short term and long term goals. Do a follow up in cooperating one-on-one coaching if need be to help them achieve these goals. 
 Another way to invest in your employees is by organizing  team building activities . Not only will they make work to be fun, but they will also create friendship and encourage teamwork. 
 
 Be Transparent 
 
 Be open about what's happening within your business that employees have a right to know. In a working environment, transparency inspires your employees and creates positivism by eliminating fear. Moreover, it makes employees open up about their achievements and shortcomings. 
 
 Give Incentives 
 
 Always strive to inspire your employees by giving them an incentive whenever they do a good job. This is among the oldest known psychological principals of inspiring employees. 
 Create monthly awards and recognition events where people who worked exceptionally well get to be recognized and rewarded. You can give them a promotion if a vacancy is available or a handwritten thank you note. This will create healthy competition that business needs. 
 Inspiring your employees is all that it takes. Always recognize them whenever they do a good job, be open with information. Give them price incentives and above all respect them. 
 Once you perfect these motivation strategies, you will create a perfect working environment, and your result will definitely be superior dedication and optimistic perception of the company's future. On top of it, your employees will be happy and your turnarounds will be minimal. 
 10 remote leadership jobs for virtual workers | Esther Shein, Techrepublic.com 
 The 10 remote leadership jobs  listed by FlexJobs all offer some type of remote work arrangement, ranging from partial remote work to 100% remote, the company said. The positions include average salary information from PayScale, which may slightly differ depending on location, FlexJobs said. 
 Some common executive-level remote job titles include director, executive director, vice president, medical director, and various C-level jobs such as COO, CFO, and CEO. 
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 The CMO oversees developing marketing plans that help companies gain brand recognition and customers. The CMO needs to understand the company's marketplace position and heavily rely upon performance analytics to develop detailed strategies in this remote leadership job. 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 A CTO is in charge of the technological needs of a company or organization. The role finds and implements technology solutions to help a company succeed and leads the development and maintenance of a technology road map. 
 Director of Communications 
 Communications directors help create a positive image of a company to the public by overseeing strategy and messaging. They may act as a spokesperson and contact for journalists and also monitor the public perception of the company. 
 Director of Content Strategy 
 In this remote leadership job, typically more than 10 years of experience in marketing, communications, or publishing can qualify you for this role. Common duties include determining a company's content strategy based on the company's and users' needs, managing writers, creating an editorial calendar, and conducting SEO research. 
 Sales Director 
 Sales directors lead sales teams by providing vision and guidance. Approving sales projections and budgets, hiring sales managers, and working with marketing and logistics teams are some typical tasks. 
 Vice President of Business Development 
 This executive-level role develops and executes an organization's sales and marketing plans. Creating new client relationships, writing proposals, managing a sales team, and setting team and company-wide goals are tasks of this job. 
 Vice President of Engineering 
 A VP of engineering will manage a team to get products completed. This role has a big-picture view of what stakeholders or clients need and the route to meet these needs. Many times, seven to 12 years of experience are needed to qualify for this executive-level job. 
 Vice President of Operations 
 An operations VP most often works with the company president to assist with daily operations. With a thorough understanding of company operations, this role will provide business performance leadership, monitor finances, and evaluate operational procedures. 
 Vice President of Project Management 
 This role provides direction and leadership on project management tasks. A project management VP handles developing road maps, prioritizing projects, communicating with key stakeholders, and creating best practices. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 January 31, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: January 31, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 Extra-small business are an appealing escape from the corporate jobs we hate | Allison Baum, Qz.com 
 As we transition to a more  digital, distributed, and data-driven world , the future of work will be built not by the largest companies in the world, but by the smallest. If the past decade in tech was defined by unicorns, here are five reasons why the next decade will be shaped by XSMBs. 
 1. Working a regular job is no longer a reliable way to create wealth - but starting your own business is 
 Corporate profit margins are near all-time highs. However, the riches are going disproportionately to executives in investors, pushing US income inequality to its  highest level in 50 years , while technology is increasing business efficiency but displacing workers, causing  wage growth to decouple from productivity . And that trend is only the beginning, as AI accelerates the replacement of workers. 
 2. Younger generations are more entrepreneurial, and entrepreneurs tend to be more politically active than their corporate counterparts 
 Freelancers in the US  tend to more politically active  than their corporate counterparts, and  72% claim they would cross party lines  for candidates that support independent work. So it's no surprise that policies designed to protect freelancers and XSMB owners are gaining momentum. 
 3. Minorities will soon the new majority, and they are leaning out  of structures that aren't built for them to succeed 
 As of the end of 2019,  women make up the majority of US workforce . By some estimates,  minorities will make up the majority of the American workforce by 2045 . They already make up  an increasing share  of the millennial and Gen Z populations, suggesting their influence will only continue to grow in both the workplace and the consumer economy. 
 4. Automation hurts traditional workers while helping entrepreneurs and employees at XSMBs 
 Business owners and freelancers are already reaping the benefits of technology, as software has slowly dismantled the gatekeepers who previously prevented newsomers from competing with the established elite. Not long ago, post-secondary degrees in business, technology, or science were considered by many to be non-negotiables for gaining the credibility, confidence, and network to start a company. Today, you can find much of the same type of content in bootcamps,  coding schools , online courses, or digital degrees. 
 5. We are redefining what success looks like 
 The lonely cubicle is being replaced with the freedom to work at our own pace, at our time choosing, in the space we desire. we are also seeing a reversal in the responsibilities of the boss and the individual. Your employer can't provide you with a path to long-term stability, nor can they tell you how to create the most value in your role today (even if they wanted to). 
 Whether you are an investor, an employer or an employee, you should be paying attention to the rise of XSMBs. The mainstreaming of micro-entrepreneurship is already quietly changing how we work today, and it will define the workforce of the next generation. 
 Things to Avoid Before and After Becoming a Remote Worker | Andriana Moskovska, Ceoworld.biz 
 People tend to choose this work model for various benefits, such as more flexible timetables, less stress, more time for loved ones, better health, etc. Still, there are plenty of things to watch out for, as most people make simple mistakes during and after the process of transitioning to the  remote work lifestyle . 
 What to Bear in Mind Before Going Remote 
 Being a remote worker ultimately depends on your manager or boss. Thus, you should remember that it all starts with asking to telecommute. If you are not sure how to do it, read on. 
 You need to be fully prepared for such a conversation.  No matter how successful you are, or how many people you have under you, take this conversation seriously—your superior must see that you have entertained this idea for some time now. 
 Some questions you can expect are: 
 
 What makes you a good worker in comparison to others? 
 How do you think other team members will be affected by your work model? 
 Will this be a good example for others to follow? 
 What makes your work position remote work worthy? 
 
 Once you have all those questions covered, you are ready to talk to your manager. 
 Put professional benefits first.  Remote workers reap the benefits every day. They are often more likely to manipulate their schedule to balance both personal and professional life and usually have a more flexible approach to working hours. 
 Once you meet with your manager or boss, make sure to propose the following. 
 
 Remote workers show an  increased level of productivity 
 When employees work remotely, they cut transportation costs, save money on office supplies, utilities, etc. 
 Remote workers can work from anywhere. Therefore, if an employee wants to move elsewhere, the company will not suffer. 
 Some people are more productive and stress-free when they work in the comfort of their own home. 
 
 **Do not let the first "no" get the best of you. **The first conversation of this type might just boil down to this word. If it does, take it slowly. Next time, suggest working remotely for a day each week. It will ease your superiors into this work model, and show them you are determined to get your way without being disrespectful. 
 Be honest with yourself and others.  Ask yourself whether you will be equally or even more productivity once you leave the office. Take into account whether you need to talk face-to-face with your colleagues to be able to collaborate adequately, or virtual work spaces will suffice. 
 What Happens When You Become a Remote Worker? 
 You have to prove to your superiors and colleagues you can pursue everything you bargained for. Here are some tips on how to do it. 
 Do not overwork yourself to leave the impression that you are still doing your job.  Avoid burnout at all costs by remaining connected to your virtual workspace and the people you previously shared the office with. Stay in touch daily, hold each other accountable, and try to be as available as you can for your colleagues. You will be seen as reliable, and in turn, you will feel much better. 
 Do not isolate yourself entirely.  Working hours are long, and being isolated for such large chunks of time is unhealthy. 
 Stay true to your previously set goals, know what to expect, and use your redefined timetable your full advantage.  Think about your personal goals and things you want to pursue as a remote worker. 
 Remember that you need to keep up with the times and that not all coworkers will always be available.  Make sure you install relevant productivity apps that let you work and stay in touch with your colleagues. 
 Yes, there are several things to look out for before and after starting to work remotely. Most of them include your coworkers and superiors, which is why you need to work smart and be ready for collaboration. 
 Still, if you are confident that the remote work model is the right choice, you can prosper and break your everyday work routine. There is a lot to gain and not much to lose. Make time for self-reflection and give remote work a try. 
 How To Launch A Profitable Startup In 2020 | Abdo Riani, Forbes.com 
 Remote work is at an all-time high, unprecedented access to global talent, startup investment keeps increasing, paid advertising channels are becoming more effective, and the list goes on. To launch a profitable startup in 2020, you should get started. A lot can happen in twelve months. "When you want something, the whole universe conspires to help you," Paulo Coelho. 
 The three steps below can be accomplished in six months even if you work on your  startup part-time . 
 1. Scan Your Idea 
 The first step is to test your idea before moving forward and committing significant resources. Ask  ten potential buyers  about their needs and expectations. The goal is to uncover the urgency of a need for a better solution. Products that make things just a little better will make your goal of building a profitable business this year a lot harder. By the end of this phase, you should refine your idea by identifying a problem worth solving. 
 2. Scan It One More Time 
 Building a product will take time and money but sketching your idea is relatively quick and cheap. Run product designs by those first ten potential users and ten more. This simple test can help you avoid an expected bias from the first group while seeking everyone's feedback and comments that will help you identify key product features. 
 The second thing you can do is offer your product for sale while rewarding the first buyers. Perhaps with a discounted yearly offer or even a lifetime offer for the first 50 buyers. This will not only provide you with a  strong validation signal  but also, help you fund the next stages of the business. 
 3. Build Your Product 
 If you've validated your idea through conversations, designs and resales, you're more than half-way through building a profitable business this year because this year building a product is the easy part. If you know what to build, the  right team  will make it happen. In the meantime, your job is to get more of the people you interviewed excited and committed to the solution. 
 This is a quick road map for your path to launching your idea this year. If you don't do it now, the path won't change next year. It's up to you! 
 5 Of The Best Jobs For Working From Home | Luke Fitzpatrick, Bbntimes.com 
 Whether it's looking after children, caring for a sick or elderly family member, having an injury or illness yourself, or simply wanting to embrace a more nomadic lifestyle, working from home is fast becoming a normal and acceptable way to earn a primary or secondary income. 
 1. Freelance Writer 
 There are dozens of ways to make money in writing, whether it's blogging, ghostwriting, editing, or proofreading. 
 2. Graphic Designer 
 Whether it's designing logos or company collateral, t-shirts or clothing, being a graphic designer from home allows you to work with multiple clients and on multiple projects at once, meaning your job is interesting. 
 3. Virtual Assistant 
 Virtual assistants need exceptional organizational and time management skills. Excellent communication skills are also a prerequisite. Being a virtual assistant from home means you're not bound to one particular company or client as well, which can be a wonderful way to to ensure your job has variety. 
 4. Massage Therapist 
 Being a professional massage therapist may mean working for a company or another individual, but it can easily also mean  working for yourself , which really is the beauty of the profession. Whether you're just starting out or looking for a change, setting up a massage therapist business from home isn't as hard as you may think. 
 5. Work Online 
 There are so many work-from-home options in the online world that it can be hard to keep up. Whether you're a website developer, website tester or tech support, there's a wealth of opportunity out there for those who are tech-savvy. 
 For web developers, you'll help create or manage websites for other companies. Website testers are paid to test websites or mobile apps in their development stage to ensure all issues are ironed out before they go live. Tech support specialists are often hired by businesses to be on-call should their technology fail in-house. Often, you'll enter their hardware or software remotely so you can sort out the problems, meaning you can be anywhere in the world and still be able to do your job. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 December 31, 2019 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: December 31, 2019 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 The Importance of Regular Feedback | Rob Press, Business2community.com 
 With the increased expansion of the gig economy, and when remote work is slowly becoming more and more common everyday (  with 16 percent of U.S. companies fully remote  ), we need to find ways to make our teams, both in-house and remote, engaged and motivated to stay for the long run. 
 Let's dive right in and explore how you should embrace feedback and make it a part of your company culture. 
 Why is feedback important for employees? 
 
 Managers who received feedback on their strenths showed  9 percent greater profitability 
 69 percent of employees  would work harder if their efforts were being recognized 
 68 percent of employees  who receive regular feedback feel fulfilled in their jobs 
 
 In order to motivate your team and increase their productivity and motivation, feedback is crucial. 
 There are companies out there that are only looking to get the most of their employees and don't actually care about their wellbeing and motivation. There are also companies that want their employees to feel valued and thrive. 
 The moral of the the story is this: no matter which category of employee/employer you fall into, regulare feedback  will  improve your work life, in one way or another, as it: 
 
 Boosts  employee engagement  and productivity 
 Provides clear goals and milestones 
 Allows employees to recognize their strengths and work on their weakest points 
 Improves connections between employees and managers 
 
 Why is feedback important for managers and leaders? 
 When you are looking to  improve employee performance  , you should never forget about optimizing yourself as the manager. 
 You may be trapped in a feeling of “providing feedback takes time and effort, and I’m not quite sure what to say”. While all of this might truly represent how you feel, when you look at the benefits you as a manager and team leader will tap into, you might want to reconsider the ROI of your time and effort put into feedback: 
 
 You will know where each employee stands in terms of performance and goals 
 You will be able to help your employees overcome the hard stuff 
 You will have insider knowledge for future hires 
 
 Knowing your team this well makes it easier to understand your team's culture and hire strong fits. 
 How will company culture change when you start providing regular feedback? 
 Once you start listening and providing regular feeback, several things will happen across your organization: 
 
 You will establish a more  positive company culture and atmosphere 
 Your e  mployee turnover will decrease 
 Revenues will increase  due to the boost in productivity and engagement 
 
 Feedback is a great tool for combating the inevitable snags in the road every business will face in its lifetime. 
 What kinds of feedback do you need to establish? 
 There is more than one kind of feedback you need to incorporate into your company culture: 
 
 Manageer to team member 
 Team member to team member 
 Team member to manager 
 Top level manager to lower level managers 
 
 Don't make the mistake of thinking 'feedback' means telling your employees what they are doing well, and what they are doing wrong. Feedback should operate on multiple plains if you are to reap its fullest benefits. 
 Team members also need to provide feedback to their fellow team members. This will establish better communication between them, help them get to know each other's strengths and weaknesses, and provide a whole new perspective on their work. 
 Never forget that you also need to  ask for feedback from your team  : and they need to feel they can be completely honest. Never make them feel bad or let alone punish them for criticizing any aspect of your work. You want to  build trust with your employees  and you can do so by 1) listening to their feedback and 2) taking action. 
 Finally, top level management should also provide feedback to the lower levels of management and let them know how their work is affecting the big picture. 
 How to deliver positive feedback 
 Below are some quick tips on how to effectively deliver positive feedback: 
 
 Be specific, so the person knows exactly what you are talking about 
 Explain how the well done fits into the bigger picture 
 Make it know to more than just the person you are praising and give company-wide  recognition 
 Deliver feedback in real-time and as close to the time of achievement as possible 
 Personalize your message and be thoughtful 
 Mean it! 
 
 Once you grasp a clear understanding of what motivates your team and how often they would prefer to receive and five feedback, you can come up with a system that works specifically for your workforce. 
 How to deliver negative feedback 
 
 Never do it in public 
 Never do it over email if you can prevent it 
 Do not pile it on 
 Start with something positive 
 Be precise and always give examples of how to improve 
 Listen before you speak 
 Never use it as a way to vent or punish someone 
 Be prepared to be proved wrong and accept it 
 Never let your emotions run away and remain calm 
 Follow up 
 
 Establishing a regular feedback routine will take time, effort, a lot of dedication, and getting used to. Expect some initial shock and even resistance from your employees. But onve it becomes the norm, expect to see all of the positive side effects of feedback we have been discussing above. Good luck! 
 50 Work-Life Balance Jobs for Anyone Who Wants to Leave Work at Work | Leigh Weingus, Parade.com 
 If you want to pick a job or career that will get you off on the right foot, there are surprisingly a lot of them. Don't believe us? Here are 50 best work-life balance jobs in various categories. 
 Best work-life balance jobs in tech: 
 
 UX designer.  If you've got tech tech skills and a solid sense of design, considering applying for a position as a UX designer. 
 Data scientist.  Are you a stats and data nerd? With a median salary of $112,000 a year, you'll be paid well. 
 Mobile developer.  Have you alwayd dreamed of creating an app? 
 Social media manager.  If you have a knack for Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc., a position as a social media manager may just be perfect for you. 
 DevOps engineer.  It's no secret that engineers are in high demand and make a good salary, but it turns out they have great work-life balance, too. 
 Research engineer.  If you're great at interpreting and analyzing research and have engineering skills, this may be for you. 
 SEO manager. I  f keywords and work-life balance are both of interest to you, consider a job as an SEO manager. 
 UI designer.  UI designers are responsible for making sure mobile devices, computers, and more have a positive user experience. 
 Technical account manager.  If your tech skills are top-notch and you crave a good work-life balance, this may just be the job for you. 
 Front end developer.  If design and technology are both your strong suits, front end development will be, too. 
 Game designer.  The masterminds behind some of your favorite iPhone and video games have great work-life balance, too. Why not become one of them? 
 
 Best work-life balance jobs in communications: 
 
 Corporate recruiter.  Corporate recruiters are responsible for finding talented people to fill positions at large and small companies. 
 Talent acquisition specialist.  Talent acquisition specialists are experts at both assessing and analyzing the staffing needs of a company and finding good talent. 
 HR manager.  If your whole job is to help out employees, having a good work-life balance is pretty much your job. 
 Strategy manager.  This job requires fewer people skills, but it does require an ability to think long and hard about all the elements a company needs to succeed and grow. 
 Creative manager.  Advertising and promotions managers are skilled in finding smart ways to generate interest in a product or company. 
 Marketing coordinator.  Marketing coordinators have a knack for what sells and develop, implement, and coordinate marketing and advertising campaigns. 
 Marketing assistant.  Not at coordinator level just yet? Marketing assistant jobs have solid work-life balance, too. 
 Content manager.  Ever wonder who does all the writing, editing, and uploading of content to some of your favorite websites? 
 Scrum master.  A scrum master manages the process for how information is exchanged and helps a team self-organize and make changes quickly. 
 Real estate agent.  Most real estate agents are self-employed, meaning they can create their own schedule. The result? All the work-life balance they want. 
 Tour guide.  Got a lot of knowledge about your hometown or city and some great people skills? 
 Project manager.  Project managers usually have the option to work from home and have predictable, reasonable hours. 
 
 Best work-life balance service jobs: 
 
 Substitute teacher.  The hours may be unpredictable, but substitute teachers have a great sense of work-life balance. 
 Hairdresser.  Hairdressers don’t always have a typical Monday through  Friday  schedule, but they do have set hours and don’t bring their work home with them. 
 Dental hygienist.  Cleaning teeth for a living may not be the most glamorous job, but you’ll be able to leave it behind as soon as you walk out the door of your office. 
 Civil engineer.  Engineering jobs don’t just have to be mean software—civil engineers deal with design, construction and maintenance of bridges, roads, canals and more. 
 Fitness instructor.  Although you may have to work nights and weekends as a fitness instructor, it will give you a lot of flexibility. As a nice bonus, you’ll probably get a free gym membership and built-in workouts out of it. 
 Office support.  Whether it's a secretarial job of office manager, most office suport jobs have a good work-life balance. 
 Logistician.  Although occasional overtime work is required of logisticians—who handle the oversight of bringing products and services to a customer—for the most part, the work-life balance offered is great. 
 Research technician.  It’s not the job for everyone—but if you have these skills and want to maintain work-life balance, this may just be the job for you. 
 Registered nurse.  While there’s no question that the job of a nurse is incredibly demanding, you usually have a set number of hours that allow you to leave work behind when you walk out the door. 
 Medical assistant.  Medical assistants, who provide a variety of administrative and clinical work, have much more flexible hours than a lot of people think. 
 Home health aide.  Home health aides can hand-pick their patients for the hours that fit their schedule. 
 Medical coder.  Medical coding jobs, which are crucial to large hospitals and medical centers, have set hours and great work-life balance. 
 Sports coach.  Whether it's coaching kids at a school or a high-level coaching gig, this type of has flexible hours and good balance. 
 Massage therapist.  The job of a massage therapist is demanding, but it pays well and you can make your own hours. 
 Bookkeeper.  You have to be detail-oriented to be a bookkeeper, but the job is a straightforward one and allows for great work-life balance. 
 Optician.  Opticians have great flexibility, low stress level, and are paid well. 
 Law Clerk.  While law clerks have to work long hours at times, a lot of them can be done at home. 
 Firefighter.  Yes, firefighting is a stressful career, and it can entail night, weekend, and holiday work. Hours can be flexible, though, and firefighters often end up with a lot of free time during the day. 
 Curriculum developer.  Ever wonder who comes up with the curriculums that are handed to teachers? 
 Speech pathologist.  Whether you work for yourself or someone else, a career in speech pathology is a great way to make an impact and leave work at work. 
 
 Best work-life balance jobs in finance: 
 
 Economist.  People who work in finance aren’t exactly famous for having great work-life balance. But if you work as an economist, you’re in good shape. 
 Financial cleark.  Financial clerks are responsible for making sure financial transactions are on track at at banks, doctors offices, government agencies, and more. 
 Personal financial advisor.  Stocks, bonds, retirement funds, ETFs! If these are terms you’re familiar with and you’re certified to advise people on them, you’ll be in a good position to leave work at work at the end of the day. 
 Accountant.  Helping people or companies out with their taxes, budget, finance reports and more is a great way to make a living while keeping a solid sense of work-life balance. 
 Risk analyst.  Risk analysts look at a firm's investment portfolios and help them decide where they should take risks and where they should be more conservative. 
 Investment advisors.  These are the people who make sure individuals' portfolios are in the best possible shape. 
 Online tax advisor.  As an online tax advisor, you can help people file their taxes without leaving your home. 
 
 5 Things To Ask Your Boss In The New Year | Avery Blank, Forbes.com 
 Consider this your nudge. This is your push to ask for what you want in the New Year. Here are five things to consider asking for from your boss next year: 
 
 Business goals. 
 
 If you do not understand why you are doing the work you are doing, it is difficult to understand the purpose of your work. 
 Ask your manager, “What are this year’s goals for the organization?” “What are your upcoming priorities?” The answers to these questions will help you understand how your role plays a part in reaching your company’s goals and helps to ensure that your efforts continue to meet goals. 
 
 Expectations 
 
 To avoid confusion or misunderstanding, ask your manager what is expected of you. When you are clear about what people expect from you, you will increase your chances of meeting or exceeding expectations. 
 
 Flexibility 
 
 If you think some form of flexibility would help you be more productive with work, inquire about it. Communicate how the change will help you with your work. If you are already demonstrating solid work, it will be easier for you to ask for more flexibility. 
 
 Money 
 
 If you want a raise, ask for it. If you need more resources for a project, ask for it. Assuming you are producing quality work, ask for what you need to continue to be the best professional that you can be and produce great work. 
 
 A promotion 
 
 If you continue to prove your worth, consider asking your manager for a promotion. Don’t run the risk of not asking and build up resentment that may undermine your work product and impact your relationships with colleagues. 
 A successful career is built on years of experience and climbing the ladder. The higher you go on the ladder, the move opportunity you will have to ask for what you want. 
When you demonstrate your worth, you have the leverage to ask for things like flexibility, a raise or a promotion. Questions have answers. Ask the questions to know the answers and see the road that will help you reach your goals. 
 Want More Value Out of Your Day? Focus on Creating Time Blocks | Bruce Eckfeldt, Inc.com 
 If you're struggling to find the time to work on long-term strategy, try these steps to create more focused time for these important, but not urgent, tasks. 
 
 Determine your allocations 
 
 Figure out how much time you ideally need to spend each week. Note if you need one big block of time or if you need to do a little each day. If you keep a good calendar, look back over previous weeks to catch things you may have missed on your list. 
 
 Identify your peak times 
 
 Our hours vary wildly in terms of quality and focus. Before you plan your schedule, it's important to know what time of day you should be working on which types of tasks. 
 If you're a morning person, your best hours might be right after breakfast or even when you first wake up. For others, it might be after dinner when you can focus for longer stretches of time and be more creative. To identify your peak times, create a journal and make notes for a few days on the times you feel like you have the greatest mental focus and clarity. 
 
 Allocate your time blocks 
 
 Once you have your prioritized task list and your peak times have been identified, you can begin mapping out your week. Start with the big blocks of time you need for focused, uninterrupted work. This could be each day, or this could just be one or two days a week. Better to start with too many than too few. 
 
 Defend your schedule 
 
 When someone calls you for a meeting, make sure to offer them the box you had allocated for that activity. If you forgot to plan for it, give them one of your buffer blocks. But don't move your other blocks! This is the key to this strategy. Make other people adjust to your plan. 
 
 Adjust and optimize 
 
 Force yourself to shift things around to keep your blocks together as much as possible. Even if you need to move blocks between days and reschedule other meetings. 
 If you run out of time in a day, move blocks between days. And if you absolutely need to drop something, make sure you're dropping the block that is the least important of all of your tasks. Don't just delete the block that has the conflict; move things around to optimize your schedule. 
 Adopting this strategy can be hard at first. It will take time to figure out your most important tasks, optimal block size and timing, and your natural energy flow during the day. But once you dial it in, you'll find yourself not only getting more done but getting more of the right things done to accomplish your biggest goals. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 October 29, 2019 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: October 29, 2019 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 5 Ways Natural Light Improves Productivity | Henry Martin, Thebossmagazine.com 
 While companies all over the world are implementing a range of innovative perks, the overriding benefit on employees' wish lists is quite simply: natural light. 
 Here are five ways natural light can improve productivity: 
 1. Improves sleep 
 Research carried out by Northwestern University of Chicago showed that employees who worked in an office with windows slept for an average of 46 minutes more every night than those who worked in offices with no windows. 
 Those who have  a better night's sleep  are generally more productive at work, because being well-rested means your attentiveness and concentration improves. 
 2. Enhances mood 
 Exposure to natural light can not only improve mental health, but it will also have benefits on employee morale on the whole. With a sunny disposition, staff will exhibit keenness and an increased willingness to work. 
 3. Supports vision 
 With natural light, eye health can be properly sustained. This means a decrease in strain on the eyes at work, and therefore more comfort whle being in front of a screen. 
 4. Improves Vitamin D levels 
 Vitamin D is essential for healthy bones because it facilitates the absorption of calcium and phosphates. These minerals help strengthen bones, teeth, and muscles, which of course go hand in hand with overall health. 
 5. Encourages creativity 
 With more natural light streaming into your office space, you could inspire your employees and encourage the generation of new ideas and lateral thinking. 
 The evidence offers a number of significant reasons to opt for natural light rather than artificial, not forgetting the financial advantages too. Consider installing generously sized windows to improve the overall morale and productivity of your workforce. 
 8 Ways to Boost Productivity in a Start-up | Sam Dolbel, Entrepreneur.com 
 Entrepreneurs, businessmen, and women worldwide come across many challenges daily. Funding, finding the right talent and time management are only some of the issues they are faced with on a daily basis. 
 Here are eight tips on how to increase productivity as a start-up: 
 Be as efficient as possible 
 Do you ever come out of a meeting and think "gosh, this could have been an email!" While I agree with that, a lot of the time I actually find that a quick face-to-face conversation allows us to get things done more efficiently. 
 Of course there are other alternatives which use technology, allowing us to minimize face-to-face meetings - options like Microsoft Teams for example, can be used to call, text and share files with team members at a much faster pace than an email would. 
 Be as digitally-savvy as possible 
 In today's fast-moving environment there are many other business tasks that can be completely digitalized. My two cents: Find which tasks your company wastes too much time on, there's probably an app for them. 
 Join an Accelerator 
 Don't underestimate the power of joining an accelerator. These specialized organizations can expand your growth by offering access to investment, office space and mentorship from industry leaders. 
 Location, Location, Location 
 For your start-up, it's critical you understand your criteria, what exactly is it that what you want to do, and which location will best help serve your needs. Ultimately, you need to understand the specific tools you need to put in pace for your idea to flourish, and location is a key component in that. Also, don't feel limited by geographies, go out and find the right place. 
 Create structure 
 Having defined roles and tasks gives the team a sense for responsibility and promotes accountability, both of which are crucial to any start-up's success. 
 Invest in the culture 
 Early on in your journey, you need to find out exactly what kind of culture and values will your start-up stand for, and how do you plan to communicate that to both your team and your customers. 
 Invest in marketing smartly 
 Identify your targets and what channels and tools would help you effectively and efficiently drive your message through. Don't be afraid of thinking outside the box - what works for one company may not work for another. 
 Encourage autonomy, don 't micromanage 
 The best way to encourage productivity and creativity in your team is for the manages (and founders!) to step back. Let your team manage their tasks freely and independently; you trusted them enough to join your start-up, so you should be able to give them a task and let the fly with it. This increases motivation, and you'll find that the more ownership someone is able to take of their role, the better job they will do at it. 
 Everyday Routines To Help The Remote Worker Stay Active (And Stay Sane) | Darcy Cudmore, Thriveglobal.com 
 Working remotely is not as easy  as many people think and many employees notice harmful changes to their mental physical health after only a short time. It's important to stay in a healthy and productive routine, and many people can adopt bad habits that have serious side effects on their life. 
 1. Exercising at home 
 Many remote workers regularly get outside and walk around the neighborhood in the morning before their shift, or as needed - but when the Winter weather hits, this can become difficult. 
 If you purchase one of the  best home treadmills  or  indoor cycling bikes , you don't have to rely on the weather. You can get exercise in whenever you want, at any time during the day as you work from home. 
 2. Communicate with Coworkers or Other Remote Workers 
 Whether it's setting up a communication software where you can regularly communicate with coworkers and managers, or scheduling a time every week to catch up with them, you should plan out a process. A meaningful conversation will keep your mind stimulated and your neural skills in operation. 
 3. Set Time Limits 
 It's important to set up time restraints for when you are going to work and stick with them religiously. Make sure you don't push the limits too often or your work (and life) will begin to suffer. 
 4. Clean Yourself Up 
 Waking up, jumping in the shower, and getting dressed is an important human routine to keep up with, even when you are continuously working from home. 
 5. Get Out of the House 
 I recommend heading to a coffee shop or co-working space every now so often to change up your scenery and work space. By changing your work space, you'll inject some excitement into your day just when things are getting a little stale. 
 Working from home is comfortable and dangerous. Heading out the door in the morning might be just what you need to keep things fresh every few days. 
 Creating A Conscious Business: Simple Practice to Help Implement A Business That Feels Good | Tasnlem Titus, Forbes.com 
 People are always evolving and changing, and for this reason, they want to work for organizations that do the same and exist to make a difference. A conscious business is, according to author and leadership development at Google  Fred Kofman, Ph.D. , how organizations build value through values. 
 This illustrates the shift of organizations toward a value-based, conscious business model that benefits both the employees and the environment. For leaders aiming for this, here are a few simple practices. 
 1. Create a culture of health and wellness. 
 There is no activity that brings people together and emits positive energy, good endorphins and the right chemicals better than sports withing a workplace. It is a bonding activity that provides healthy competition and enables people to connect and come together. 
 2. Connect in a collaboration room. 
 Collaboration rooms are fun spaces where people connect and play. It is in these rooms whre co-workers can switch off and build social connections with each other. The better the connection and collaboration-building, the better people work with each other. 
 3. Connect through food and sharing experiences. 
 Every quarter, my company celebrates with a potluck where we choose different themes and people share parts of their cultures and memories with us through the bonding experience of food. They bring dishes according to their cultures and explain what the dishes mean to them. This enables connection, and at the same time, we share our recognition awards. 
 4. Give back to charities, and do good in the community. 
 Whether it id by donation money to a worthy cause or collecting donations to feed the hungry, a business that places charity and paying it forward as a priority is usually a conscious business. It sends out a message that community is important. We cannot exist alone and in isolation; our community is a part of us. 
 5. Do business with other conscious businesses. 
 Who we spend our time with is important, and this shows that we take our business seriously - and it is not only about profits. 
 6. Spend time on mindfulness. 
 Building time within the day for people to be mindful and breathe is important. Thinking and "just being" more helps enhance thinking patterns and brain waves for creativity. Known benefits of meditation and mindfulness include less stress, less reactivity, more creativity and improved focus, to mention a few. 
 7. Develop a culture of learning and curiosity. 
 Creating a culture of learning and curiosity makes it possible for us to learn from our mistakes, ask questions that are important for our business and ourselves and learn what to do differently with our practices toward our customer, each other and ourselves. This deep inquiry shifts people toward willingness to learn from each other. 
 8. Make meetings productive. 
 Before each meeting, ask, "What is our intention together? What are the key things we want to achieve?" Send out agendas beforehand so people can prepare. Meetings should be creative generation think tanks and short spaces to determine whether we have implemented what we needed. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 October 21, 2019 
 Posted under 
 Company Blog ,  General Blog ,  Product Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Are you suited to be a remote worker? 
 Do we need traditional office spaces anymore? Because remote work statistics and research prove we don’t. 
 A  2015 study by Stanford University  pointed out the benefits of employees working remotely — such as less time spent commuting, lower costs, and greater autonomy. Over the years, experts have given advice on how to be more productive at home, and on remote work trends. 
 But what about the actual, on-the-job requirements? What do professionals need to do to succeed as remote workers? And are companies investing in these employees just as much as their on-site counterparts? How much training do remote workers get, and how is this remote workforce training delivered?  This survey answers all these burning questions. 
 We took a peek inside the notebooks of 450 remote workers. 
 We asked remote workers how they work on a daily basis. We used their responses to reveal some new remote work statistics that portray the state of global employment. 
 We also used our data and answers provided by remote workers to create a quiz and help you determine whether you’re suited to be a remote worker. Fingers crossed you are! 
 As of 2019, the number of companies with remote workforce is getting bigger —  66% of companies allow remote work and 16% are fully remote . 
 Time to know if you’re suited to join them, and how to do it. 
 Remote work: What is it? 
 Remote work comes in different forms. There are people who work remotely a few days a week, and others whose companies are hundreds of miles away, so their entire work is remote. 
 No matter its rising popularity, remote work is still in its infancy. So, businesses are still testing different models to see which ones work for them. 
 In this survey, we defined remote workers as those who  work at least 3 days a week remotely  and  only have one employer at the moment . 
 Remote workforce training: Viable, popular, valuable. 
 Businesses are investing in training now more than ever. For instance,  Siemens invests $500 million a year in employee training . Training remote workers cannot be an exception. 
 In fact,  87% of remote workers get regular training  , with 70% receiving it directly from their company. And, as for those who do want training but their company doesn’t provide it, they choose and pay for courses they find online. 
 No matter who pays for training, it seems like remote workers want more of it. 
 Sixty-seven percent of remote workers say they need more work-related training, and it comes as no surprise that 85% receive it online. 
 More specifically,  50% take online courses, 22% use their mobile phones to learn, and 13% attend webinars. 
 Fifteen percent receive training by attending seminars. 
 Whether you  want to onboard  or  train them  in regular intervals, remote employees work in a completely different way. Do you want to know how?  Keep reading to find out. 
 Remote work: A business life choice. 
 Remote work is gaining popularity. And not just because more businesses understand what remote work is and decide to run without a physical office. 
 So,  85% of remote workers say that remote work was their decision  because they wanted more flexibility, to make their own hours, and to live a carefree lifestyle. 
 But do they get what they want? 
 Flexible and remote: A big, fat myth. 
 Sixty percent  of respondents have to follow a 9-5, 5-days-a-week work schedule. How’s that more flexible than an on-site, average job? 
 Regardless, working wrapped up in a blanket, in your PJs, is far cozier. 
 This could be the reason only  20% of those who work from the comfort of their own home  would rather go back to working in a company office. 
 A day in the life: Profiling the home office scouts . 
 Let’s take a more extensive look at our remote work survey statistics and demographics. 
 Most of our remote workers are women (58%), married (46%) with no children (41%), and an income between $25,000 and $80,000, earned by working remotely in the US.  Thirty-nine percent are university graduates and 20% have finished high school. 
 Seventy percent of employees working remotely are between 25 and 44 years old. Of course, as the age rose, both income and educational background rose as well. This finding alone suggests that remote workers advance naturally within their company — exactly as if they worked on site. 
 Our respondents come from many different industries, and they’re all employed for wages. For the record,  72% found their jobs online  , with Indeed, LinkedIn, and Glassdoor taking the first three places. 
 Contrary to popular belief, only  28% of our remote workers describe themselves as introverts . Thirty-eight percent identify themselves as ambiverts and 34% as extroverts. 
 When they feel lonely, 43% use communication apps, 37% visit the office, and only 15% work from a public space. 
 Apps: Combating 9-5 loneliness. 
 The general feeling of loneliness remote workers might feel became more obvious when we asked them about the tools they use the most.  Three out of the top 4 apps they use are all about communication  — either with their team or their friends. 
 With 14%, Dropbox is the first non-communication tool remote workers use. With only 3%, Trello is the second one. 
 Other apps remote workers use include Asana, Zoom, Evernote, as well as apps made by their company. 
 Loners: Productivity freaks . 
 Some remote workers might feel lonely, but almost no one feels unproductive. 
 Ninety percent feel they get more work done when working remotely.  To boost their productivity, they’ve worked on skills like  organization, communication, and time management. 
 But what about staying focused? 
 Noise: The sound of remote work . 
 Spending most of their time in front of a computer, remote workers rely on their ears to stay focused. Twenty-five percent work with their TV on to feel like someone is talking in the background (hello again, 9-5 loneliness), while  21% focus in silence . 
 As for the music they like? Forty-two percent work with music on, whether meditative or loud, and 11% prefer new-age, ambient sounds. 
 Home tour: Where do remote workers really work from? 
 Most remote workers want to keep working from home. Do you want proof of that? Take a look at their floor plan. Most of our respondents have invested in creating a special, dedicated space to work from. 
 More specifically, 31% work in a home office; a finding which proves remote workers are, indeed, changing the  housing market  and help the  home office furniture market grow . 
 In any case, looks like remote workers need a separate,  distraction-free space to increase remote work productivity, gather their thoughts, and work. 
 Satisfaction and remote work: A love story. 
 As for what the future of working from home holds,  35% of remote workers want to work more days remotely, while 16% want to go freelance someday and work with multiple employers. 
 However, 6 in 10 remote workers would like their job less if they had to say goodbye to their home office and visit their company every day to do the exact same job. 
 Remote work: Highly recommended. 
 The truth is that word of mouth favors remote working.  A lot. 
 A whopping 88% of those surveyed would recommend a remote work career to a person they love and care about. 
 Go ahead and ask a remote worker you are friends with. You must know one or two.  And if you don’t, with this growing pace of change, you’ll definitely meet one in the near future. 
 Do you have what it takes to be a remote worker? 
 As part of the TalentLMS Remote Work Survey, we asked our respondents to pick the most important skills a successful remote worker should master.  Some of them include: 
 
 Time management 
 Organizational skills 
 Communication 
 Self-discipline 
 
 After combining the data, and remote work statistics aside, we created this  quiz  to help you determine whether you are a good fit for a remote work career. 
 This article was originally published on  Talentlms.com  , a super-easy, cloud LMS to train your employees, partners and customers. It is fully customizable to your own needs, with simple and comprehensible analytics about everything that happens inside your eLearning environment. You can create your eLearning portal with TalentLMS in just 30", here:  https://www.talentlms.com/create 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Search 
 What people say 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Remote Work Digest: December 31, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: November 29, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: October 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: September 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: July 28, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: June 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: May 29, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: April 28, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: March 31, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: February 28, 2020 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 June 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Company Blog  (13) 
 General Blog  (82) 
 Product Blog  (29) 
 Uncategorized  (2) 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Worksnaps  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
