Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Meat Department Manager - Full Time 
 Longo's 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Longo’s is committed to maintaining an environment where team members have a place to grow and pursue excellence. We are a Canadian, family owned, independent food retailer which has grown and prospered since 1956. Our team members are dedicated to exceeding customer expectations by offering the best food experience to every customer, every time. It is through such commitment that Longo’s now operates over 30 stores along with Grocery Gateway; our online grocery delivery service, is celebrating over 60 years of business and is continuing to grow. 
 Would you love to pursue a career with a company that is recognized as a 50 Best Managed Company and is one of Canada’s 10 most admired corporate cultures? 
 Are you a talented, passionate leader with a proven record of providing excellent customer service and growing sales? 
 If so, come join our growing team! 
 Position:  Meat Department Manager 
 This is your opportunity to advance your career in a leadership role. As the Meat Manager, you will manage the Meat department to ensure that the department is prepared for daily operations. 
 What you’ll do: 
 
 Hire, motivate and mentor Team Members 
 Lead, coach and train Team Members to maintain the highest level of productivity and engagement 
 Resolve Team Member and customer issues as they arise 
 Be committed to maintaining merchandising and operational standards 
 Uphold company policies and procedures including health & safety, food safety and loss prevention and hold your team accountable to maintain set standards 
 Merchandise, manage inventory, schedule and be accountable for financial objectives 
 Implement initiatives that support company objectives 
 Monitor local competitors and react to local market conditions 
 Provide exceptional customer service to all Team Members, Customers and Vendors 
 
 What we are looking for: 
 
 Minimum of 2-years’ experience in a meat department with Management experience and product knowledge 
 Previous experience with cutting meat 
 Knowledge of raw materials, product processes and quality control costs 
 Thorough understanding of financials with a proven track record of delivering on financial targets 
 Strong computer skills and ability to quickly learn new systems 
 Understanding of Employment Standards, WHMIS, Food Safety and Loss Prevention practices 
 Ability to role model and inspire behaviour consistent with our values 
 Strong coaching and mentoring skills 
 Ownership to resolve issues with a sense of urgency 
 Effective communication and listening skills 
 Strong creativity skills and ability to create eye catching displays 
 
 Work Environment: 
 
 Work is performed in a store retail environment 
 Must be available to work days, evenings and weekends 
 Travel is required to support off-site events 
 
 Why join our team? 
 
 Competitive wages and flexible benefits 
 Opportunity to advance your career 
 A team that cares and treats you like family 
 Culture of teamwork and collaboration 
 Celebrates and rewards our Team Members 
 
 Longo’s is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities throughout the recruitment process and, upon request, will work with qualified job applicants to provide suitable accommodation in a manner that takes into account the applicant’s accessibility needs due to disability. 
 Note:  A qualified job applicant with a disability is one who possesses the required skills, education, experience and training and who can, with reasonable accommodation, perform the essential functions of the position applied for. 
 If you require accommodation, please contact the Human Resources Coordinator at: 
 Telephone:  905-264-4100 
 Email:  hrdept@longos.com 
 Mail:  8800 Huntington Road, Vaughan, ON, L4H 3M6 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
