WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allQA & CSjobs 
 Principal QA Analyst 
 Polyarc Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 22, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Seattle, WA 
 Remote 
 Polyarc is searching for an experienced QA Analyst to help kickstart our Quality Assurance department. Your contributions will define how Polyarc delivers high quality games to players. You will drive QA processes by advocating for test, crafting and running test plans, and coordinating with other departments to ensure an exceptional player experience. As a Polyarc developer, you will contribute positively to our core values of collaboration, mentorship, accountability, player value, and creative expression. 
 At Polyarc, someone with drive and imagination will spread their wings and grow not only as an analyst, but also as a game developer.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Advocate for test, quality, and the players experience 
 Develop test plans and perform regular testing on game builds 
 Contribute toward establishing and maintaining test processes across all disciplines 
 Prioritize and manage bug databases using project goals and constraints 
 Collaborate with development team to stabilize builds and facilitate internal and external playtests 
 Coordinate with external QA teams to support localization and platform certification  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Experience working at different stages of game development through shipping 
 Experience developing test plans from project goals and executing them 
 Experience communicating complex concepts in a digestible manner 
 Experience working with and testing content workflows 
 Comfortable playing VR games for a few hours a day 
 Authorized to work in the United States 
 Willing to relocate to the Seattle, WA area  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Pluses 
 
 Experience using Jira in professional environment 
 Experience directing internal testers 
 Experience coordinating with an external test team 
 Experience working with test automation 
 Experience testing for online services 
 Experience writing web reporting tools with a scripting language 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 Enjoy the culture and creative impact of small team game development while maintaining the peace of mind that comes with comprehensive benefits. 
 Paid Time Away 
 
 Employee-Managed Paid Time Off 
 Paid Family and Medical Leave 
 10 Paid Company Holidays 
 Telecommuting/Work from Home Days 
 
 Health & Wellness 
 
 Premera PPO Medical and Rx insurance 
 Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA) 
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA) 
 Dental Insurance 
 Vision Insurance 
 401(k) with company contribution 
 Basic Life / AD&D Insurance 
 Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
 Fully paid parking or public transit pass 
 
 ‍ 
 **How to Apply 
** 
To apply, please submit your resume, plus any additional materials you deem relevant to your candidacy (cover letter, portfolio, etc.) to  jobs@polyarcgames.com . 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games 
  **  Moss **  is a single player action-adventure puzzle game for all ages. Built for virtual reality from the ground up,  Moss  reimagines classic action-adventure gameplay in a first-of-its-kind fully immersive environment. 
 ‍ 
 About Polyarc 
 Captivated by the continuing advancements of virtual reality,  Polyarc 's founders found it impossible to ignore such energizing and momentous creative possibilities. After leaving Bungie in 2015, they struck out on their own, seizing the unmistakable opportunity to make an impact on the future of game development. 
 Polyarc’s studio, located between the lively SoDo and Pioneer Square neighborhoods of Seattle, was formed not only to build groundbreaking player experiences, but also to champion a culture where deep collaboration, creative expression, and high player value are at the forefront of every innovation. Our team of accomplished developers continue to tackle the many challenges before us and we’re making great progress every day. We released Moss in 2018, but we’re not stopping there. Can’t wait to show you what we’re up to. _ 
_ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  COVID-19 Hiring Update 
 During these uncertain times and the rapidly changing environment surrounding COVID-19, all positions at Polyarc are subject to virtual interviewing, onboarding, and remote work for the foreseeable future. We understand that each person's circumstances may be unique and we will work with you to explore the options. 
 Polyarc is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to providing a respectful, inclusive workplace that is free from discrimination and harassment. Applicants and employees are evaluated without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, or any other categories recognized or established by local, county, state, or federal laws. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Humble Bundle is hiring a Customer Support Ninjato join their team into work fromAustin, TXCustomer Support NinjaHumble Bundle | Austin, TXLearn More 
 Polyarc is hiring a Principal QA Analystto join their team into work fromSeattle, WAPrincipal QA AnalystPolyarc | Seattle, WALearn More 
 Epic Games Publishing is hiring a QA Managerto join their team into work fromCA, WA, or NCQA ManagerEpic Games Publishing | CA, WA, or NCLearn More 
 Glowmade is hiring a Senior QA Technicianto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSenior QA TechnicianGlowmade | United KingdomLearn More 
 Massive Miniteam is hiring a QA Testerto join their team into work fromCologne, DEQA TesterMassive Miniteam | Cologne, DELearn More 
 Annapurna Interactive is hiring a Release Managerto join their team into work fromLos AngelesRelease ManagerAnnapurna Interactive | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
