Ohio Agricultural Law Blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About this blog 
 Authors 
 
   
 Tag Archives: hazardous jobs for youth 
 by  Peggy Kirk Hall  | August 26, 2019 * 8:22 am 
 Back-to-school means different laws apply to youth farm workers 
 When kids head back-to-school, it's time for farmers to do some homework and recall the rules that apply to youth working on farms during the school year. Once school is in session, Ohio labor laws place restrictions on the times of day and number of hours that youth under the age of 18 can work on a farm. The laws don’t apply to parents, grandparents, or legal guardians, however. For other farm employers, be aware that the laws vary according to the age of the minor and some require written parental consent. Here’s a quick refresher: 
 16 and 17 year olds 
 
 Cannot work before 7:00 a.m. on school days, with the exception that they can work starting at 6:00 a.m. if they were not working past 8:00 p.m. the night before. 
 Cannot work after 11:00 p.m. on a school night, which means a night when the minor has school the next day. 
 No daily or weekly limits on the number of hours the youth can work. 
 
 14 and 15 year olds 
 
 Cannot work during school hours while school is in session. 
 Cannot work before 7:00 a.m. or after 7:00 p.m., but can work until 9:00 p.m. from June 1 to September 1 or during any school holiday or break lasting more than 5 weekdays. 
 Cannot work more than 3 hours during a school day or more than 8 hours during a non-school day. 
 Cannot work more than 18 hours in a week while school is in session, unless the job is part of a work education program such as vocational training or work study. 
 
 12 and 13 year olds 
 
 The same time restrictions and daily and weekly hour limits for 14 and 15 year olds (above) apply to 12 and 13 year olds, but there is no exception to the 18 hour weekly limit for vocational training or work study programs. 
 Employer must obtain written parental consent for the youth to be working, unless the youth’s parent or legal guardian also works on the same farm. 
 
 Under 12 years old 
 
 Can only work on a farm where employees are exempt from the federal minimum wage, which includes a farms of an immediate family member or a “small farm” that used fewer than 500 “man days” of agricultural labor in any calendar quarter the preceding year. A “man day” is a day during which an employee performs agricultural work for at least one hour. 
 Exception to the above: local youths 10 and 11 may hand harvest short-season crops outside school hours for no more than 8 weeks between June 1 and October 15 if their employers have obtained special waivers from the U.S. Secretary of Labor. 
 The same daily time restrictions and daily and weekly hour limits for 14 and 15 year olds (above) apply to youth under 12 years old, but there is no exception to the 18 hour weekly limit for vocational training or work study programs. 
 Employer must obtain written parental consent for the youth to be working. 
 
 The other labor laws that typically apply to youth doing agricultural work on a farm continue to apply throughout the school year. For example, employers must maintain records for youth employees, provide a written agreement of compensation and a statement of earnings on payday, and a 30 minute rest period if the youth works more than five consecutive hours. An employer can’t assign any youth under the age of 16 with a “hazardous” job or task unless the youth is 14 or 15 and has a certificate of completion for tractor or machine operation. Further information about these and other laws that apply to youth under 18 working on a farm is in our new Law Bulletin, _ Youth Labor on the Farm: Laws Farmers Need to Know ,  _available  here. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Labor 
 Tagged as  farm youth ,  hazardous jobs for youth ,  youth ,  youth employment ,  youth labor 
 by  Peggy Kirk Hall  | June 10, 2013 * 5:24 pm 
 Youth on the Farm: What Type of Farm Work Can They Perform? 
 _Peggy Hall and Catharine Daniels, OSUE Agricultural & Resource Law Program _ 
 It's hay and straw season in Ohio, which creates both a high need to employ youth on the farm and the challenging task of sorting out youth labor laws. Labor laws are intended to protect youth from risks and potential harms that can arise in hazardous jobs such as farm work. Before hiring youth to help with hay baling or other types of farm tasks, be sure you know the laws that govern the employment of youth in agricultural jobs. Review the following to gain an understanding of these important laws. 
 Whose child? 
 The relationship of the minor you are hiring is important because the law treats your own children and grandchildren differently than non-related children working on your farm. If the minor you hire is your own child or grandchild, the law allows you to have the child do any type of job, including agricultural jobs considered "hazardous" under state and federal labor laws. Step children, adopted children, foster children and other children for whom you are the guardian are also exempt from the hazardous jobs regulation. 
 For other children, age matters 
 For other youth who are  not  your own child or grandchild, the type of work you may assign the child depends upon his or her age. "Other children" includes strangers, students, neighborhood children, friends, nieces, nephews and any other relatives. Only the older youth may perform "hazardous" farm work, as follows: 
 
 16 and 17 year olds  – May perform any type of farm job  including  agricultural jobs considered hazardous. 
 14 and 15 year olds  – May not perform any job listed as hazardous  unless  the child holds a 4-H or vocational agriculture certificate of completion for tractor operation or machine operation and the employer keeps a copy of the certificate on file with the minor employee's record. 
 12 and 13 year olds  – May not perform any job listed as hazardous; may only perform non-hazardous jobs  if  with written consent for employment from a parent or guardian  or   if  the child is __ working on a farm that also employs the child's parent or guardian. 
 11 year olds and younger  – May not perform hazardous jobs. May only perform  non-hazardous  farm work  if  a parent or guardian gives written consent  and if  the child will be working on a farm where employees are exempt from minimum wage requirements. A farm is exempt from minimum wage if the farm had 500 or fewer man-days of agricultural labor in the preceding calendar year; a man-day is any day where a worker performs at least one hour of agricultural labor. 
 
 What jobs are "hazardous"? 
 Ohio has adopted the federal government's determination of "hazardous" activities for youth, which is based upon the risk of harm posed by an activity. Your own child or grandchild may perform hazardous tasks at any age, but other youth working on the farm must be at least 16 years of age to participate in these "hazardous" tasks: 
 
 Operating a tractor with over 20 PTO horsepower, or connecting or disconnecting an implement or any of its parts to or from such tractor. 
 Operating or assisting to operate (including starting, stopping, adjusting, feeding, or any other activity involving physical contact associated with the operation) any of the following machines: corn picker, cotton picker, grain combine, hay mower, forage harvester, hay baler, potato digger, mobile pea viner, feed grinder, crop dryer, forage blower, auger conveyor, unloading mechanism of a nongravity-type self-unloading wagon or trailer, power post-hole digger, power post driver or nonwalking type rotary tiller, trencher or earthmoving equipment, fork lift, potato combine or power-driven circular, band, or chain saw. 
 Working on a farm in a yard, pen, or stall occupied by a bull, boar or stud horse maintained for breeding purposes, a sow with suckling pigs, or a cow with a newborn calf with umbilical cord present. 
 Felling, bucking, skidding, loading, or unloading timber with a butt diameter of more than six inches. 
 Working from a ladder or scaffold (painting, repairing, or building structures, pruning trees, picking fruit, etc.) at a height of over 20 feet. 
 Driving a bus, truck or automobile when transporting passengers or riding on a tractor as a passenger or helper. 
 Working inside a fruit, forage, or grain storage designed to retain an oxygen deficient or toxic atmosphere; an upright silo within two weeks after silage has been added or when a top unloading device is in operating position; a manure pit; or a horizontal silo while operating a tractor for packing purposes. 
 Handling or applying (including cleaning or decontaminating equipment, disposal or return of empty containers, or serving as a flagman for aircraft applying) agricultural chemicals classified under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 135  et seq.  ) as Category I of toxicity, identified by the word “poison” and the “skull and crossbones” on the label or Category II of toxicity, identified by the word “warning” on the label. 
 Handling or using a blasting agent, including but not limited to dynamite, black powder, sensitized ammonium nitrate, blasting caps, and primer cord. 
 Transporting, transferring or applying anhydrous ammonia. 
 
 For example, if 14-year old Riley is Farmer Smith’s child or grandchild, the law allows Riley to drive a tractor for Farmer Smith. But if Riley is not Farmer Smith’s child or grandchild, the law prohibits Riley from driving a tractor for Farmer Smith unless Riley holds a 4-H or vocational agriculture certificate of completion for tractor operation, because driving a tractor is a "hazardous" activity for 14-year olds. 
 What if I violate the "hazardous" jobs regulations? 
 Under Ohio law, you can be found guilty of a third degree misdemeanor for allowing a minor under the age of 16 to perform a hazardous job on your farm; penalties are up to a $500 fine and 60 days in jail for each violation. Additionally, if the child is injured while engaged in an illegal hazardous activity, you could be assessed with an increased workers' compensation premium. 
 How can I comply with the law? 
 To ensure that you don't violate the labor regulations on hazardous jobs for youth, take a few precautions to protect both you and your child employee: 
 
 Verify the child's age and keep records of your verification. 
 Know the list of agricultural work that is considered hazardous. 
 Remember that only your children or grandchildren are exempt from the hazardous jobs regulation; consider nieces, nephews, cousins and other relatives as "other children" who are subject to the hazardous jobs rules. 
 Ensure that your child employees know which jobs they may do and which jobs they may not perform. 
 Review safety practices with your youth employees. 
 For 14 and 15 year olds who have completed a 4-H or vocational agriculture tractor or machinery operation certificate, maintain a copy of the certificate with the employee's records. 
 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Labor 
 Tagged as  employing minors on farms ,  farm youth labor ,  hazardous jobs for youth 
 
 
 Blog Library 
 
 ag law harvest 
 agritourism 
 Animals 
 Biotechnology 
 Business and Financial 
 Conservation Programs 
 Contracts 
 Crop Issues 
 Drones 
 Environmental 
 Estate Planning 
 Food 
 Labor 
 Leases 
 Legal Education 
 livestock facilities 
 Oil and Gas 
 Property 
 Renewable Energy 
 Roadway Laws 
 Tax 
 Uncategorized 
 Water 
 Webinars and Events 
 Zoning 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Subscribe in a reader 
 
 
 Links 
 
 Agricultural & Resource Law Program at OSU 
 American Agricultural Law Association 
 National Agricultural Law Center 
 
 
 
 Based upon work supported by the National Agricultural Library 
 
 
 
 
 
 We're a partner with the National Agricultural Law Center 
 
 
 
 Ohio Agricultural Law Blog  * farms, food, animals, land, resources 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
