This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.  We use our own and third party cookies on this site for various purposes such as giving you a more personalized experience and adapting advertising to your interests. You can manage or disable cookies by clicking on "Cookie Preferences". For more information about which cookies we use and how we use cookies, see our  Cookie Policy . 
 Cookie preferences  Accept all 
 Select which cookies you accept 
 You can learn more about the cookie categories on our  cookie policy page. 
 Strictly necessary  These cookies are required and must be accepted to use this site.   Vendors:  Teamtailor 
 Analytics  These cookies collect data about how visitors use this website.   Vendors:  Google 
 Preferences  These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provice enhanced, more personal features.   Vendors: 
 Marketing  These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.   Vendors: 
 Accept these cookies 
 
 
 
 Career menu 
 
  Start  
  People  
  Jobs  
  Departments  
  Locations  
 
 Employee login   Log in   Visit our homepage  to-increase.com 
   
 Senior Talent Acquisition Partner 
 Employee Experience and Front-Office *  Amstelveen 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/950658-senior-talent-acquisition-partner) 
 About Us 
 Our mission is simple: we want to help our customers solve complex business matters using easy digital solutions. 170+ passionate and business technologically savvy people working here from 15 nationalities and counting. We’re proud of the awards we have received, but the trust we get every day from our 2000+ customers means more than anything! 
 We proud ourselves to be selected to be part of the elite 1% Microsoft Inner Circle out of the 64K global partners & ISV’s, for 14 years consecutive years, incl. 2020-2021. 
 Come as you are 
 Your gender, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, skin color, or pink hair are part of who you are. To-Increase is an equal opportunity employer and we stand for equality and inclusion. If you’re a team player, an expert, and are ready to shine, we would love to welcome you to the team. 
 What You'll Do 
 For the moment, this role will be a combination of on-site and remote work. 
 At To-Increase, you will get the unique opportunity to help transform and mature our current Talent Acquisition setting. In due course & by proven ability, to lead the (to be built) Talent team that you help select, mentor, and manage! 
 In the role of Senior Talent Acquisition Partner, you will become part of our People Operations team, which exists out of 5 people overall. The team is led by our CPO Silvia Reis-Vlaar. We have the ambition to become a remote working organization, globally. We currently have offices/operations in The Netherlands, India & the US. 
 Current situation: 
 Up till today, recruitment was mostly driven by agencies and our HR people who did the coordination of influx and was in close contact with hiring managers. In the last few months, we created a foundation regarding processes and tooling. Being a professional and savvy Recruiter yourself, you know that much more needs and can be done to make our Recruitment function solid and future-ready. 
 Where we want to grow towards: 
 Simply put: We want to build a recruitment operations model that caters To-Increase business & (Product) Development teams on a continuous basis to spot, engage & hire talent that helps To-Increase and its global customers to solve their problems & challenges. 
 To get there, you will need to partner up with the leadership, mature and propose (process) changes, A-B Testing, pursue management to invest in x -(sourcing) tooling, organize (in-house) events/meetups, but not limited to. Even better: You drive our TA function. We ask you to challenge us to what needs to be improved! 
 Be aware that  ,  To-Increase’s hiring needs are on all levels, ranging from consultancy to Tech positions. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and all your requisitions are important. We are looking for a real team player & business partner. 
 You will: 
 
 You will drive the overall change and maturity of our recruitment function in all its, to make it future-ready. 
 Develop yourself and Grow into a Head of Talent Acquisition role in no time. 
 You will be responsible for the full cycle recruitment of all of TI’s positions at various levels, ranging from Tech to Sales & Business critical roles. You should have (proven) experienced in these fields. 
 Source passive, high-quality, specialist candidates through modern recruitment channels such as active sourcing, social media, network building, targeted advertising, and advanced Boolean logic applications. 
 Research and develop innovative strategies to recruit top talent. 
 Constantly seek to raise the bar, identifying and proactively improving our processes and candidate experience. 
 Regularly analyze and advise on pipeline and performance data to share with internal stakeholders. 
 Build a strong partnership across various functions with hiring managers, the executive team, and HR team. 
 Provide guidance, strategize, and make recommendations to managers to improve recruiting methods and create more efficient processes. 
 Set up recruitment campaigns in cooperation with our marketing team. 
 Responsible for measuring KPI's around Talent Acquisition. 
 
 What You Need to Be Succesful (Minimum Qualifications) 
 
 You have at least 5 years of full life cycle in-house recruiting experience in IT, Corporate & Consulting type roles on all levels (e.g. interns to c-suite) 
 Savvy level sourcing skills (we will test this). 
 Experience with organizing (virtual) corporate events and career fair planning. 
 Experience managing and prioritizing multiple searches, projects, and/or client relationships. 
 Strong attention to detail. 
 Self-starter, strong organizer. 
 Excellent communication, both written and verbal in English. 
 Sense of humor. 
 
 Other Preferred Qualifications 
 
 A built-in network of Microsoft Dynamics professionals is a strong pré. 
 Previous experience in managing a small TA-team and/or TA projects is a Plus. 
 
 Why Work for Us 
 
 Great Company Culture. We have an informal, non-hierarchical, and people-oriented culture where your voice counts and you can be yourself. And we genuinely strive for a good work/life balance for everyone and you also have a lot of flexibility to organize the workdays that suit you. 
 Build your own career. You have the freedom to take on the challenges you want and thereby creating the career you feel is right for you. 
 International environment. You will work with colleagues from all our different offices, and with international customers, a network of partners, and Microsoft. 
 A fast-growing company with ambition. You will work for a leading ISV that is a Microsoft Gold Partner with premium industry solutions, where you will have ample opportunities to learn on the job and continuously grow & improve yourself. 
 
 TI by the Numbers 
 Here are a few key numbers that gives you a snapshot of who we are. We would love to tell you more in person! 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 Or, know someone who would be a perfect fit? Let them know! 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/950658-senior-talent-acquisition-partner) 
 Department 
 
 [ 
 
 Employee Experience and Front-Office 
 ](https://www.workatto-increase.com/departments/employee-experience-and-front-office) 
 Amstelveen 
 Stroombaan 6-8 
1181 VX Amstelveen   Directions   info@to-increase.com   +31 318 531 900   View page 
 Benefits 
 We think our workplace is amazing and together we work every day to make it even better for you and your colleagues. 
 We will give you: 
 
 An interesting job 
 
 Not just a job – but a career and role where you can make a real difference 
 
 An open company culture 
 
 To-Increase is a challenging, inspiring and dynamic business environment with an open and direct company culture 
 
 Great development opportunities 
 
 We are an ideal environment for improving your skills and expertise 
 
 A fantastic team 
 
 Enthusiastic colleagues that will make your day! 
 Positive environment... 
 Our people describe our culture as innovative. We are always aspiring to deliver the most creative solutions for our customers, therefore we value each other and that’s why everyone’s voice is heard. Of course we work hard, but we never forget to have fun with our team. We value a good atmosphere and mutual respect. To-Increase offers a positive environment with many avenues for professional development. 
 
 to-increase.com 
 Coworkers  160 
 Founded in  2005 
 Turnover  20.000.000 
 
 Career site 
 
 Start 
  Departments  
  Locations  
  People  
  Jobs  
 
 Departments 
 
 Customer Services 
 Development 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Administration 
 
 Users 
 
 Candidate login 
 Employee login 
 Data & privacy 
 
 Scroll to top 
 Already working at To-Increase? 
 Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague. 
 email 
 @to-increase.com 
 Log in 
 
   
 Applicant tracking system  by Teamtailor 
