  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 Rate:  £34134 - £36789 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Senior Port Health Support Officer 
 A Local Authority based in Kent is looking for a Senior Port Health Support Officer to join their team. 
This is a Full time, permanent role and the ideal candidate will hold Level 5 qualification - Higher Certificate in Food Control or equivalent (Food Law Code of 
Practice recognised qualification) and have specific experience in food control work. 
 The Purpose of the role is to protect public health by applying port health controls on imports in accordance with relevant statutory provisions, rules and international trading standards. 
 The main responsibilities of the role for Senior Port Health Support Officer include: 
 To conduct official controls including carrying out checks on imports of products of animal origin and high risk food not of animal origin in order to ensure that only products that are safe to eat enter the food chain. 
To undertake checks of organic food, illegal unreported and unregulated fishing, animal composites and other relevant controlled goods. 
To assist others in the performance of port health duties as required including undertaking physical checks and sampling as directed. 
To assist in the training of other staff and stakeholders as required. 
To provide advice and guidance to stakeholders including customers, agents and importers on specific import requirements, regulations, policies and procedures. 
 Qualifications and experience: 
 Level 5 qualification - Higher Certificate in Food Control or equivalent (Food Law Code of Practice recognised qualification) 
Experience in food control work. 
Able to demonstrate skills and knowledge relevant to food control, health and safety and public health functions. 
Able exercise a greater use of initiative and decision making, only referring more significant problems for advice/guidance. 
Able to interpret and analyse food safety, health & safety and public health legislation, statutory guidance, technical updates and good practice. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with this role and as such are offering between £34,134 - £36,789 p/annum dependant on experience and qualifications. 
 So if this position sounds of interest, email a copy of your up to date CV to james.glover@servicecare.org.uk or call James at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £34134 - £36789 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 16:45:50 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
