Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Shelter Worker, Casual 
 Canadian Mental Health Association - Cowichan Valley Branch 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Warmland House Shelter is a safe, supportive environment that helps clients help themselves in their transition to stable housing, where all individuals treat themselves, their neighbours and their surroundings with respect. 
 The facility consists of: 
 o A 30-bed emergency shelter for those who are without housing and would benefit from assistance in meeting their basic needs for food, clothing, shelter, and hygiene 
 o 24 minimal barrier transitional housing studio apartments, designed to accommodate individuals who can live independently, yet benefit from support and assistance in stabilizing their lifestyle and develop the life skills to break the cycle of homelessness, successfully making the transition to “housing ready” 
 o a day-use common area; shower and laundry facilities; lockers and a small storage area; there is also a commercial kitchen and dining area that serves up to 50 people, and a community garden with raised beds and a large greenhouse. 
 The purpose of this position is to provide a high standard of shelter care. In your role as Shelter Worker, you are responsible for conducting wake up calls for clients, retrieving and putting away client’s bins, disbursing blankets to clients, providing support during mealtimes, some light cooking, maintaining shelter cleanliness, providing shelter security, stocking supplies, laundry, and other related duties. 
 Qualifications: 
 · High school diploma (or equivalent) 
 · First-aid certificate (provision of this or evidence of enrolment within 90 days) 
 · Non-violent crisis intervention certificate (provision of this or evidence of enrolment within 90 days) 
 · Food Safe (preferred) 
 · WHIMIS (preferred) 
 Candidates must have a proven record of employment stability and the ability to work with people who have been, or are, homeless; with the demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and written. The candidate must bring a high degree of compassion, resourcefulness, flexibility and adaptability, with a strong sense of team ethics, dedication, and professionalism. 
 The candidate will also be someone who is personable, dynamic and creative in his or her approach. The position also requires a great amount of flexibility and ability to be available on very short notice. Shelter Workers are expected to be available to support short notice shift coverage and to work a variety of shifts that include: overnights, days, evenings, weekends and holidays. 
 Wage: $19.90 after 90-day probationary period 
 Application deadline: 2020-07-10 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $19.90 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
COVID-19 safety precautions are in place to protect clients and staff. 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
