Skip to content 
 The Life and Times of Miss Jackson 
 Smell Great. Eat Well. Travel Often 
 Tag: Jojoba Oil 
 Beeswax Hand Butter Recipe 
 Beeswax Hand Butter Recipe 
 February 16, 2016July 20, 2017  by  silklafox  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 This sweet and zesty smelling beeswax hand butter is perfect for those cold winter months when you need a little extra moisturising . Richly nourishing and made with 100% natural ingredients it can easily be made at home with a few select ingredients including beeswax which seals all the moisture into your skin, cocoa butter, shea butter and avocado oil and a few other ingredients. 
 Here is the full recipe so that you can try it at home for yourself! 
 You will need: 
 114 grams Beeswax 
 85 grams Cocoa Butter 
 7 grams Shea Butter 
 7 mls Lanolin 
 7 mls Avocado Oil 
 7 mls Tea Tree Oil 
 7 mls Jojoba Oil 
 7 mls Orange Essential Oil 
 An empty container to store your Hand Butter 
 Directions: 
 First, melt the Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter and Beeswax in a double boiler or Baine Marie then gradually add the other ingredients leaving the Essential Oil to last. Make sure that you stir all of the ingredients together thoroughly and only add the Essential Oil once the mixture has cooled down. Beeswax thickens fast so make sure you pour it quickly into your container before it thickens up as otherwise you will have to remelt it again and repour. Place in freezer until it had set up then take it out and wait for it to come to room temperature first before using. 
 This is a wonderful recipe that lasts a while due to it's highly effective ingredients. I hope you enjoy it and of course do let me know what you think of it! 
 avodado oil bees beeswax Cocoa Butter Essential Oils free natural skincare recipes hand butter Hand Cream handmade cream Honey Jojoba Oil lanolin moisturiser Natural Skincare orange essential oil Shea Butter tea tree oil 
 Chamomile Baby Oil Recipe 
 Chamomile Baby Oil Recipe 
 April 8, 2015July 20, 2017  by  silklafox  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
  An all easily absorbed natural homemade skincare recipe specially formulated for your babies precious skin. Perfect for use after your baby's bathtime with the lovely comforting smell of chamomile.  Ingredients  Olive Oil 59 ml Calendula Oil 44 ml Avocado Oil 14 ml Jojoba Oil 14 ml Wheat Germ Oil 9 ml Vitamin E 6 ml Roman Chamomile Essential Oil a few drops  Instructions  : Mix ingredients together and decant into a dark glass bottle and keep out of direct sunlight to prevent the oils from going rancid. Use oil after baby's bathtime or for baby massage. This oil will keep your babies skin soft and supple and with it's all natural ingredients you know that you're putting nothing but goodness onto your babies skin (or yours). 
 Enjoy! 
 avocado oil babies baby skincare bathtime beauty body oil calendula oil Essential Oils free recipe Jojoba Oil natural ingredients Natural Skincare Olive Oil roman chamomile essential oil Vitamin E wheat germ oil 
 Shikikai Shampoo 
 Shikikai Shampoo 
 December 16, 2014July 20, 2017  by  silklafox  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Well as promised here's my review about Shikikai Shampoo! 
 I started washing my hair with  Shikikai Powder  a few weeks ago. My commitment to using natural products is very important to me, as is the discovery of better and more effective natural ingredients to use. I was immediately intrigued when I read about Shikikai Powder because of it's multiple benefits to both the hair and skin. Firstly, it is a completely natural product that comes from the  Acaia  fruit tree. The bonus to using this natural ingredient as a shampoo instead of the combination of baking soda and apple cider vinegar that I was using previously, is that you get an actual lather from the shikikai paste (made up using a combination of shikikai powder and water), it cleans the hair excellently so doesn't strip the hair of it's natural oils and it can be used as a body wash aswell as a hair shampoo. Shikikai is very high in Vitamins A, D, E, and K, antioxidants which are essential for healthy and rapid hair growth. The hair grows strong and healthy as a result. Using Shikikai as a shampoo also eliminates dandruff and helps with detangling. 
 So what did I think of it? - Well I would agree with the claim that it cleans well and doesn't strip the hair of it's natural oils but personally I couldn't get the powder to create a paste even when I added more powder to the mixture. Also, it was very messy to use: the powder is brown and very fine so it literally went everywhere - it went all over the sink and when I washed it out it went all over the bath. Applying it was okay, considering it was almost completely in liquid form, and it didn't drip much, but it looked very unsightly (it seems odd washing your hair with brown liquid when dirty hair is usually the same colour!). It was also a bit of a task cleaning it up afterwards. But I think the main thing about using Shikikai Powder that almost completely put me off using it was the smell. It was..curry like. Not only did it LOOK like curry but it SMELT like curry too, and I did NOT want to smell like curry powder as a result of washing my hair thank you very much! 
 I was concerned about the curry odour (which funnily enough nobody had mentioned in the various posts I'd read about using this as a shampoo!), so I asked my boyfriend what he thought about it. My hope was that the smell was temporary and would dissipate once I'd washed it out but he said that he could smell it and it did smell of curry and needless to say he was none too keen. Hmpff! 
 I do like the fact that it cleans well, keeps my hair conditioned, healthy and growing fast but I don't like the messy element of using it. I don't like the smell or the fact that it doesn't seem to turn into a paste and lather up like has been claimed SO I have decided to just purchase  Dr   Bronners Shikikai  Soap instead, which can be used as both a body wash, face wash AND shampoo. 
 
 It comes in a pump dispenser bottle and just needs to be diluted (not mixed) with water in order for it to work effectively. What I also like about this particular product is that aswell as the magic ingredient: Shikikai, it is made using a combination of wonderful 100% natural or organic ingredients including: Coconut Oil, Hemp Oil, Jojoba Oil and Olive Oil to mention just a few. I don't mind making my own bath and body products to use but it can be a little time consuming when I'm having to make my own hair spray, body cream, hair oil, shampoo and conditioner, so I think that this would be a happy medium. It also means that I will no longer have to use skin drying soaps to wash with as I'll be able to use this instead. The scent is supposed to be Tea Tree which I'll admit isn't my favourite smell but it's better then curry. For sure!! 
 I haven't bought it yet so I'll probably have to do one more wash with my homemade shikikai powder mixture but from then on I think it's pretty safe to say that I'll be using Dr Bronner's Shikikai Soap. 
 acacia concinna Coconut Oil conditioner dr bronners Handmade hemp oil homemade skincare Jojoba Oil Natural Skincare Olive Oil Organic Skincare Shampoo shikikai powder Soap tea tree 
 Natural Winter Hair Remedy 
 Natural Winter Hair Remedy 
 October 3, 2014October 3, 2014  by  silklafox  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 
 I'm being perfectly honest when I tell you that my hair has never felt cleaner since I stopped using store bought, chemical inclusive hair shampoos and started making my own natural hair care. And I could also argue that my hair has never looked better, but that could be a matter of opinion 😉 
 I am always on the lookout for natural ingredients that have beneficial properties to health and skincare and as such I have been looking specifically for some really good hair conditioner recipes. I was using Coconut Oil previously, but I feel it can be a little drying and could do with some jazzing up. 
 Recently I came across some  Natural Hair Conditioner  recipes, with interesting ingredients that I'd like to try out within the next couple of weeks. As I'm going on holiday tomorrow and won't be back for another week I'll need to do one of the conditioner recipes tonight after I have washed my hair with my tried and tested Basic Hair Shampoo Recipe:  https://silklafox.wordpress.com/2014/09/16/basic-natural-hair-shampoo-recipe/  . 
 Coconut Milk & Shikakai Deep Conditioner 
 Ingredients 
 1 Cup (or Can) Organic Coconut Milk 
 2 Tbsp Shikakai Powder 
 2 Tbsp Olive Oil (or Avocado Oil) 
 2 Tbsp Jojoba Oil (or Sweet Almond Oil) 
 2 Tbsp Manuka Honey 
 A few drops of Essential Oils (optional) 
 Shikakai Powder (also known as Acacia Concinna), is a natural fruit powder originating from the Acacia tree found in parts of Asia. Shikakai means "fruit for hair", and has been used as a natural hair ingredient in India for centuries. Shikakai is a result of the fruit pods, leaves and bark being ground into a fine powder, which is then made into a paste. It has a ton of benefits, including: 
 
 Nourishing hair, promoting hair growth & strength 
 Gentle on the scalp and hair 
 Prevents and eliminates dandruff 
 Works well both as a shampoo and in a conditioner (the paste like texture gives it lathering capabilities) 
 Strengthens and moisturises the hair 
 Can also be used as a body wash and face cleanser 
 Doesn't strip the hair of it's natural oils 
 Helps protect the hair from fungal infections (and lice) 
 
 This product sounds like an absolute god send! I haven't managed to get my mitts on it yet as Holland and Barretts don't stock it and Whole Foods only have the capsules but when I do oh boy will I be making good use of it! V Excited. Coupled with the properties of Coconut Milk which soothes the scalp and provides softness and deep conditioning, I think this is going to be a very good conditioner indeed. 
 Recipe number 2.. 
 Coconut Milk, Shea Butter & Honey Conditioner 
 Ingredients 
 1/4 Can Coconut Milk 
 1 Tsp Whipped Shea Butter 
 1 Tbsp Manuka Honey 
 1 Tbsp Olive Oil (or Avocado) 
 1 Tbsp Jojoba Oil (or Sweet Almond) 
 2 Tsp Vegetable Glycerin 
 A few drops of Essential Oils (optional) 
 I can't tout the goodness of Manuka Honey enough - I use it in my face cleanser, moisturiser, hot oil conditioner and in my bentonite clay & honey face mask:  https://silklafox.wordpress.com/2014/08/15/bentonite-clay-manuka-honey-face-mask-recipe/ . It can be used in a variety of different recipes so it is a highly recommended investment - and it IS an investment. I had to pay £31 for 250 grams! Try it out for yourself and see what you think. See you in a week! 🙂 
 acacia concinna afro hair body wash coconut milk deep conditioner Essential Oils homemade haircare Jojoba Oil manuka honey natural hair conditioner natural hair recipes natural hair shampoo Olive Oil Organic Shea Butter shikakai powder Sweet Almond Oil Vegetable Glycerin winter hair remedy 
 Bentonite Clay & Manuka Honey Face Mask Recipe 
 Bentonite Clay & Manuka Honey Face Mask Recipe 
 August 15, 2014August 28, 2014  by  silklafox  ♥  2 Comments 
 The perfect homemade detox clay mask curtesy of The Secret Scent Societe' 
 You will need: 
 2 tsp Bentonite Clay (it should be grey/off-white in colour and very finely powered). 
2 tsp Floral Water (I used Orange Blossom/#Neroli, but you can use any floral water you like, or just use normal tap water) 
1 tsp Raw Honey (Native to New Zealand, Manuka Honey specifically is the very best honey that you can buy and you preferably want to go for one that's been UMF (Unique Manuka Factor) certified as that means that it's been tested by an independent laboratory for it's superior quality. 
1 tsp Vegetable oil (Olive oil, Grapeseed Oil or Jojoba Oil are good ones to use) 
A small plastic tub to mix your clay mask in 
A plastic spoon 
(You can also add Essential Oils but I hardly see the point considering you're going to wash it off) 
 Instructions: 
 
 Using a plastic spoon (DO NOT use a metal spoon as Bentonite clay has unique properties that allow it to absorb not only toxins and impurities but also metal if it comes into contact with it, causing it to be less effective), measure out your water, oil and honey and stir. 
 The clay should always be added to the water/oil/honey mixture, not the other way around as it will be easier to work with this way. 
 Then using your spoon you want to add the clay to the mixture a bit at a time mixing thoroughly until it turns into a paste. 
 Using clean fingers (or a clean makeup brush), apply the mixture, wait about 10 minutes (during which it may make your skin feel a little tingly or tight (this is normal), then gently remove with a warm wet face cloth. 
 
 Lastly: Moisturise. Argan Oil or Jojoba Oil are the best oils to use for this job. 
 And Voila!, you have made your very own face mask! 
Your skin will feel as smooth as velvet. This recipe is packed full of amazing natural ingredients that will do absolute wonders for the maintenance of your skin. Use this mask once or twice a week to clear up any impurities and to take your skin to the next level! The mask must be discarded after each use and made anew each time you want to use it on your face because it won't stay fresh for long. 
 Enjoy! 
 More on the benefits of Bentonite clay soon! 
 
 argan oil bentonite clay detox essential oil face mask floral water flower water Grapeseed Oil Handmade homemade skincare Jojoba Oil lavender water manuka honey Natural Skincare neroli water new zealand honey Olive Oil orange blossom Organic Premium Skincare recipe remedy Rose Water umf vegetable oil 
 Treasury Feature 11/11/13 
 Treasury Feature 11/11/13 
 November 11, 2013  by  silklafox  ♥  3 Comments 
 Hi All! 
 I hope that whatever you did this weekend, it was a memorable one. 
I had a nice relaxing weekend at home with my boyfriend. We watched loads of episodes of Breaking Bad (love it!) and my sister stayed over on Friday night and brought her freshly baked banana and walnut loaf with her. Mmmmm! 
 I spent at least 4 hours on Sunday morning working on product photography but in the end I wasn't happy with any of the images as they all had a blue tint to them (probably something to do with the camera settings), alas I will have to do them all again - what fun! (not). 
 I am in 4 Treasurys this week! The first one is entitled "I'm not always a pink kind of girl" - which I can vouch for as I'm not a particularly pinky girl either, however I do like blood red, ox red, burgundy (all very similar I know, hehe) and blush pink and they all feature in this lovely treasury. My blush pink candle "Anniversary" is featured here. 
 
 
 
 "Anniversary" Coconut & Fig Luxury Soy Candle 
 
 This treasury is entitled "Arctic" and is a light/baby blue/ice inspired treasury with a collection of some very beautiful handmade things. See it for yourself! 
My blue and white layered soy candle "Ambrosial Peach" is featured here. 
 
 
 
 "Ambrosial Peach" Soy Candle 
 
 This treasury collection is entitled "Winter's Coming" and features my gold candle 3 AM. 
 
 
 
 "3 AM" Ylang Ylang & Nag Champa Soy Candle 
 
 And lastly, I have been featured in this treasury entitled "Fresh Christmas". A delicate, elegant collection of beautiful handmade items, featuring my mint green candle "Bois" 
 
 
 
 "Bois" Cedarwood & Sandalwood Soy Candle 
 
 To see the full treasury for "I'm not always a pink kind of girl" 
 https://www.etsy.com/treasury/OTQ0NTk5NXwyNzI1MjI0MDU0/im-not-always-a-pink-kind-of-girl 
 To see the full treasury for "Arctic" 
 https://www.etsy.com/treasury/MzgyOTM3MjB8MjcyMjY3NjMwNQ/arctic 
 To see the full treasury for "Winter's Coming" 
 https://www.etsy.com/treasury/MjI2NjQzNDV8MjcyMjY4NTE5NQ/winters-coming 
 To see the full treasury for "Fresh Christmas" 
 https://www.etsy.com/treasury/MjI1NzIxMTB8MjcyNTI0NTM4Ng/fresh-christmas 
 Aloe Vera Aromatherapy Art bath salts beeswax Body Lotion Body Souffle' christmas Cocoa Butter Coconut Oil Creams Essential Oils Etsy Fleece Glycerin hair perfume Handmade Incense Jewellery Jojoba Oil Lingerie Luxury Fragrance and Skincare Natural Skincare notonthehighstreet orange blossom water Perfume photography Premium Skincare Salt Scrub Scented Candles Shea Butter Soap Solid Lotion Bars Sweet Almond Oil toys Tutu Winter Promotion 
 Love the skin you're in! 
 Love the skin you're in! 
 July 9, 2013July 20, 2017  by  silklafox  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 Good Morning Everyone! 
 And what a beautiful month of July it's turning out to be! Almost everyone I've spoken to has said that they had a BBQ this weekend, which explains why I couldn't find anymore Halloumi in Sainsburys! hmpf 😉 
 I still haven't found a product photographer to take some new pictures of my products and if I don't get a response very soon I may have to just do the photo's myself (again!). 
 My brother is running a Cardio Circuit workout class in North London on Monday evenings and I went along for the first time yesterday and almost COLLAPSED from the intensity of it. Goodness gracious me twas intense!! You end up using up so much energy that you keep on burning calories for the next 24 hours. I already feel a good few pounds lighter! 
 I created these new products last week: 
 Organic Beauty Balm (200 ml) 
 Our Organic Beauty Balm is a delicately fragrant balm that has been handmade with 100% natural ingredients including Jasmine and Vanilla Essential Oils, Beeswax and Avocado Butter. Our Beauty Balm will nourish and revitalise dull, dry, tired skin and keep your skin soft and supple. 
 Our Organic Beauty Balm comes in a beautiful blush pink frosted glass squat jar. 
 Luxury Bath Salts (200 ml) 
 With a combination of mineral rich salts and skin loving Jojoba Oil, these wonderful bath salts will not only act as a softener for your skin, but will fill the air with beautiful fragrant nuances whilst you bathe. 100% natural and preservative free. 
 Our Luxury Bath Salts come in a smoke grey frosted glass kilner jar. 
 Triple Whipped Body Butter (200 ml) 
 A wonderfully rich, triple whipped non greasy skin quenching body butter, made with luxurious, natural skin pampering ingredients including Sweet Almond Oil, Jojoba Oil and Grapeseed Oil with the delightfully sweet and herbaceous scent of Lavender Essential Oil. 
 Presented in a blush pink frosted glass squat jar. 
 These amazing natural skincare products will be available to buy on Notonthehighstreet shortly. Check us out on notonthehighstreet for other fragrance and natural skincare products! 
 http://www.notonthehighstreet.com/thesecretscentsociete 
 Avocado Butter Bath and Body bath salts beauty balm beeswax body butter Body Lotion Body Souffle' Coconut Oil Essential Oils Etsy Fragrance Handmade himalyan pink salt Jasmine Jojoba Oil Natural notonthehighstreet Organic pampering Parfum Perfume Premium Skincare Promotion Shea Butter skin nourishing Skincare summertime Sweet Almond Oil The Secret Scent Societe' Vanilla 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Colombia: Salsa and Arepa's 
 Locked Down and Out (Week 4 in Cartagena, Colombia) 
 Week 3 in Palomino, Colombia 
 Week 2 in Cartagena, Colombia 
 Week 1 in Cartagena, Colombia 
 
 Archives 
 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 February 2019 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 August 2012 
 May 2012 
 October 2011 
 May 2011 
 January 2011 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bath and Body Beauty Eco Soy Luxury Candles Fashion Food Glorious Food! Fragrance Indulgent Body Souffle' Interior Light Reading & A Little Humour Music Ponderings Promotions & Discounts Salt Scrub Body Souffle' Skincare Solid Lotion Bars To Travel is to.. What a Woman Wants 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 The Secret Scent Societe' Facebook Page 
 
 The Secret Scent Societe' Facebook Page 
 
 Goodreads 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
