Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Raymond Fast 
 Playwright ~ Author 
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Raymond Fast 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 New Tools 
 Posted on  May 22, 2015  by   Raymond Fast 
 1 
 This is my first new blog entry since October, 2013. So, where have I been? What have I been up to? Let me start by reminding my readers (both of you) that I began this blog way back in July, 2013 with  New Shoes  in which I announced that I would be producing a show. That show,  Playing in the Dark: Eight Tragic Tales of Hope, Redemption, and Enlightenment  , featured three of my short plays (    Monster  ,  Family Tree  , and  Waiting for Leonard  ) as well as the work of fellow playwrights Kate Guyton, Daniel Guyton, Daniel Carter Brown, and James Walsh. It was produced by  Out of Box Theatre  and I was the production coordinator. 
 To understate it, producing the show was a daunting excursion. I will probably never do it again. Not because it's hard, but because it's not what I want to do. I didn't produce the show because I want to be a producer; I produced the show because I want to be a better playwright. It was a field trip. A lab. A playwriting course on what a producer does with a script. And, with that in mind, it was an amazingly productive experience. Otherwise, it was an overwhelming draw on my already limited supply of time. And in that, it was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. 
 For several years, I had invested loads of time into writing plays, rewriting plays, workshopping plays, researching plays, rewriting plays, studying playwriting, marketing plays, rewriting plays, workshopping plays, and rewriting plays. In terms of hours, it was nearly a full-time job - and (ask any playwright) that job doesn't pay. But I have a well-paying full-time job, so that's okay - except that two full-time jobs doesn't leave much time for things like keeping up with your house and cars, spending time with your spouse, eating, sleeping, going to the bathroom, and other things that sometimes don't seem as essential as reworking a scene to bury some narrative in the subtext or tweaking a line to get it just right or writing a killer synopsis or getting out another dozen submissions. (You get the picture.) By the spring of 2014, I was overwhelmed and way behind - on life! 
 So,  Playing in the Dark  opened in May of last year and I was working on another play that was set to premier later in August.  Playing in the Dark  was a big success, but shortly before that run began, I made the decision to pull the August show and hang up my playwriting shoes alongside my producer shoes at the end of May, 2014. And that's where I've been. 
 Sort of. 
 When I began my hiatus, I had no set time in mind at which to end it. Later, I decided one year would be sufficient to catch up on some overdue maintenance and improvements on the house and cars (a bathroom remodel, a new exhaust for my pickup, and so on), get my garden in, and spend enough quality time with my wife so that she'd be ready for me to find something else to do. Earlier this month, I started writing again - officially. But unofficially, my mind was on writing the whole time and some really cool things have come of that. 
 In a nutshell, I have taken the opportunity to look at my writing process from the outside in. Without the burden of self-imposed deadlines, I have taken a leisurely stroll in these old writing shoes and discovered some very interesting things. Some of them I'll go into great detail about in later blog entries (watch for them), but for now I'll just say that I have completely reworked my process. Now, as I tighten my laces and jump back into writing, it's with renewed excitement and some cool new tools. I'll be throttling the time I spend at it a little to (hopefully) avoid falling so far behind on the rest of my life, but I'm already pleased with the productivity I've experienced the past few weeks. I hope to diligently keep up with this blog (expect probably about an entry a month), as I share some of those tools. 
 Raymond Fast is an Atlanta area playwright. Visit his web site at  www.raymondfast.com  or find him on  Facebook . 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Posted in  What's New  |  Tagged  blog ,  Daniel Carter Brown ,  Daniel Guyton ,  Family Tree ,  hiatus ,  James Walsh ,  job ,  Kate Guyton ,  Monster ,  new shoes ,  out of box theatre company ,  playing in the dark ,  self-production ,  writing process  |   1  Reply 
 Archives 
 
 November 2015 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
