Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier 
 Rona 
 __New Liskeard, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Greet customers warmly and promote customer loyalty 
 Obtain authorizations for cheque or credit card payments 
 Process transactions very precisely 
 Keep all checkout work stations clean, tidy, and uncluttered 
 Ensure all necessary supplies (e.g., cash register tape, credit card forms, bags) to carry out assigned duties are available in sufficient quantities 
 Produce and balance the cash report at the end of each shift 
 Comply with the Company’s policies and procedures regarding loss prevention and health and safety 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You are approachable and detail-oriented, and you strive to provide great customer service? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Proficiency with cash register systems will be considered an asset. 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
