
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Fam (S17) 
 Video calling social network to talk with friends and make new friends 
 Founding Android Engineer for top social app - Fam 
 
 Location 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Fam 
 Fam is the best way to socialize on your phone in a way that's most similar to interacting in real life. We’re a social network that helps you connect with friends and new people through live video chat. We believe that the way people socially interact on their phones is fundamentally broken, and causing widespread anxiety, insecurity, and loneliness - and we have the foundation to solve that for an entire generation. 
 We went from zero to 500,000+ users in just over 30 days with 50+ video calls per user per day being performed in the app. We're hiring a Founding Backend Engineer as we look to build more immersive live video experiences beyond the first 1,000,000 users. 
 We’re building a distributed team with hubs in New York City and Los Angeles. As founders, we’ve led Product, Engineering, and Design teams at Instagram and Facebook. We’ve raised more than $3.5 million in funding from leading investors including Pear, Greylock, Y Combinator, and the early investors in Facebook. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Java, Firebase 
 We’re looking for a design oriented Android engineer to join our team as a Founding Engineer. You’ll be implementing new product experiences that will ship to hundreds of thousands of users multiple times per week. You’ll be fully integrated into the product/design process, and own features from conception to roll out. 
 You’ll collaborate closely with our founders and will report to the CEO. This is a unique opportunity for someone who wants to be at the ground floor of a generational Social Network. We’re a creative and fast-moving team that’s passionate about unlocking the full potential of technology to help people connect. If you are a human centric product thinker, and driven by impact at scale, we’d love to work with you! 
 🎉What you'll do 🎉 
 
 Own features from design, to launch, and beyond for our Android app 
 Evaluate trade-offs to iterate quickly while not compromising on stability and quality 
 Continually improve app performance while also maintaining excellent code quality 
 Build a team and become the leader of the Mobile Org 
 
 🎉What we're looking for 🎉 
 
 A highly motivated and structured product thinker who’s an Android expert 
 CS background and 3+ years experience developing Android apps 
 Strong Swift skills 
 Bonus: Experience with scaling live video, Firebase, Node.js 
 
 🎉Perks of working with us 🎉 
 
 Employee equity plan 
 Comprehensive health, dental, and vision plans 
 Work from anywhere 
 We care more about your ability to learn and execute than what degree you hold or what college you attended 
 We're biased toward action and ship product very fast and very often 
 
 🌈 We strongly encourage women, men, non-binary, trans, parents, non-parents, and people of all ages, ethnicities and sexual orientations to apply. 
 Technology 
 iOS, Swift, Node.js, Firebase, Computer Vision 
 Other jobs at Fam 
 Founding Backend Engineer for top social app - Fam 
 fulltime 
 New York City / Remote 
 Backend 
 3+ years 
 Founding iOS Engineer for top social app - Fam 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 iOS 
 3+ years 
 Founding Android Engineer for top social app - Fam 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 Android 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
