Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 09R - Manual Operations Clerk 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This posting is only open to current members of the Clerk 9 / Clerk Stenographer 9 Inventory. If you are not a member of this inventory, please refer to the Applicant Inventories page for information about applying to be an inventory member 
 Manual Operations Clerk 
Clerk 9 
 There are four (4) temporary opportunities available until September 30, 2021. 
A permanent appointment may result from this temporary appointment 
An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and permanent vacancies 
 A great opportunity to take the next step in your career 
 RoadSafetyBC is the lead provincial agency for road safety and is responsible for setting strategic direction and establishing a provincial approach to road safety throughout British Columbia. RoadSafetyBC regulates drivers and operates a number of programs to help regulate the safe and responsible operation of motor vehicles in B.C. 
 In this position you will receive, review and validate incoming submissions and clarify case information with clients. To monitor the quality, accuracy and consistency of data contained in information systems and identify and correct data discrepancies. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Tara.Zala@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Grade 12 graduation or equivalent (for example GED). 
 Experience with word processing and using all three of the following Microsoft Office Suite applications: Word, Excel and Outlook. 
 Experience providing a variety of client services in-person and/or by telephone in a high volume, fast paced environment subject to frequent interruptions. 
 Experience performing alpha and numeric database entries in an environment requiring a high standard of accuracy where errors have significant consequence. 
 Experience working in a team environment. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
