Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Immediate opening DZ Water Truck Driver 
 SIRCA Logistics 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are currently seeking DZ Water Truck Drivers to provide service to construction sites throughout the GTA, mainly Milton. 
 SIRCA Logistics offers an enjoyable work environment and automatic new model trucks. Looking for dependable and experienced drivers with clean Abstracts. Responsibilities will include upkeep of company trucks, daily inspections, and recording delivery ticketing information. 
 Mandatory Requirements: 
 - Class DZ Drivers Licence 
 - Clean Driver’s CVOR Abstract 
 - Reference letter with minimum  3 years  verifiable experience (transportation of liquid an asset) 
 - Experience letter from previous employer's insurance company verifying time on policy for minimum of  3 years  with vehicle type. 
 - Be flexible to work days, weekends, nights and different shifts as required 
 - Individual must be safety oriented and reliable 
 Responsibilities: 
 - Ability to transport material with attention to detail and emphasis on safety 
 - Ability to adhere to personal protective equipment (PPE) 
 - Ability to follow safety operating and work procedures 
 - Completion of all daily (MTO) paperwork requirements and daily circle check reports 
 - Safe and timely deliveries and pick ups 
 - Great problem solving skills: deliver exceptional customer service, solve unexpected issues 
 - Great interpersonal skills, written and oral communication skills 
 If you are hardworking with a positive attitude, looking to work with good people at a great company, please send your resume, abstract and reference letters. We look forward to adding more valued members to our team and we look forward to hearing from you! 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $25.00 per hour 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Each truck will be equip with PPE as well as hand sanitizer as recommended by the government of Ontario. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $25.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 truck driver: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
