Skip to content 
 
  __Contact Us 
  __ Phone number:  866.392.2600  
  __ Locations  
  __ Cart (0)  
 Search __ Submit Search 
 
   
 
 WSI COVID-19 Updates 
 Company 
 Expertise 
 Integrated Solutions 
 Products 
 Let's keep in touch! 
 
  Steelcase 2019 Premier Partner  
 __ Menu   __ Phone number:  866.392.2600  
 Sales Account Executive (Tri-Cities) 
 Kingsport, TN 
 SEEKING SALES ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 
 Workspace Interiors, Inc.  a leading East TN based commercial furniture dealership is seeking a proven Sales Account Executive. 
 Experience in the industry or in related industries is preferred. Candidates must be self-motivated, have sales experience and possess organizational skills, closing skills, and the ability to communicate well. Proficiency with computers and MS Outlook is required. Familiarity with architectural layouts and CAD design is beneficial. 
 Workspace Interiors  is a full service commercial product solutions company representing several major commercial furnishings manufacturers and is an award-winning Steelcase dealer serving East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia with offices in the Tri-Cities and Knoxville. Vertical markets include corporate, healthcare, education, and GSA/Government. 
 Workspace Interiors offers a great work environment; a competitive compensation package including paid vacation and holidays; as well as advancement opportunities. Workspace Interiors is an EEOC employer and a TN Drug-Free Workplace participant. Valid driver’s license, pre-employment drug testing, and background check required. 
 DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: 
 Requirements:  Bachelor’s Degree from a 4-year college or university required. Preferred five or more years’ experience in a related field. Experience working in an outside sales role calling on a varied client base. Office furniture dealer experience preferred, but not required. Proven ability to maintain motivation and manage sales processes. Excellent communication and listening skills, excellent customer service skills, strong presentation skills, strong networking skills. Good problem-solving and decision-making skills. Ability to work with a diverse group of people. 
 Via email, submit resume to: 
Mindy Landry, VP of Sales and Knoxville Operations mlandry@workspaceinteriors.com 
 OR  SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION ONLINE!! 
  Contact Us 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Accessibility Statement 
 Contact Us 
 
 
  __ Follow us on Twitter   
  __ Follow us on Facebook   
  __ Follow us on LinkedIn   
  __ Follow us on YouTube   
 
 (C) 2021  Workspace Interiors. Inc. 
