Toggle navigation  
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 EN **** 
 
  English 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 
 Career 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 EN **** 
 
  English 
 
 
 
 
 
 Rate Indo Zambia Bank  
 Indo Zambia Bank 
 Industry: 
 Country: Zambia 
 City: Lusaka 
 
 0Recommendations 
 6Applications 
 Posted: 20 March 2015 
 
 Indo Zambia Bank was incorporated in October, 1984 is a joint venture between the Government of the Republic of Zambia and the Government of India represented (...) 
 Human Resources Officer 
 
 
 [](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=http%3A%2F%2Fworkinafrica.com%2Fjobs%2F168%2Fhuman-resources-officer%2Findo-zambia-bank&title=Human Resources Officer) 
 [](http://www.twitter.com/share?url=http%3A%2F%2Fworkinafrica.com%2Fjobs%2F168%2Fhuman-resources-officer%2Findo-zambia-bank&text=Check out this great Job posted on WorkinAfrica: Human Resources Officer) 
 
 
 Description 
 INDO ZAMBIA BANK wishes to recruit specialists who fit the profiles as described below. As part of the recruitment for experienced professionals, applications are invited from candidates who meet or match the job profile for any of the positions below. 
 Interested candidates are requested to complete a prescribed application form which can be downloaded from our website: www.izb.co.zm. Candidates should attach typed application letters complete with updated CV's showing academic track record, traceable referees, copies of academic and professional certificates. 
 All applications should be addressed to the Chief Manager Human Resources, Indo Zambia Bank, Head Office, P.O. Box 35411, Plot no. 6907, Cairo Road. 
 Apply 
 Requirements 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Bachelors Degree from a recognised University. 
 Diploma in Human Resources from a recognised learning institution/ University. 
 Must be computer literate (Word, Excel, Power Point and the use of other spreadsheet software/applications). 
 Must be less than 35 years old. 
 
 Experience Criteria 
 
 Strictly minimum 5 years operational experience in Human Resource Management in a Commercial Bank with middle management exposure. 
 Must be conversant with current Labour Laws and their application. 
 Demonstrated cross functional team working and conflict resolution. 
 Must be a member of Zambia Institute of Human Resource Management. 
 Strong competencies in the following areas: Analysis and attention to detail, problem solving, verbal and written communications, Insight and Risk awareness, organisational awareness and building relationships. 
 Experience in mobilising and conducting training programmes 
 
 Responsabilities 
 Essential Duties & Responsibilities -Assisting in planning, organising, controlling and coordinating HR back office activities. -Managing the HR Information System. -Implementing staff conditions of service. -Assisting in the implementation and management of Human Resources matters in line with the Bank’s strategic vision. -Ensuring all staff requests are processed such as Loans and Advances, Leave and other payment requests within acceptable time frames. -Managing employee personnel records both on the HR system and the HR registry. -Managing all monthly payroll inputs as per deadlines under supervision of senior HR staff. -Interpret Human Resources Policies, contracts, Agreements and employee benefits. -Addressing and resolving employee complaints and problems through confidential meetings, small group sessions and other appropriate means under the supervision of senior HR staff. -Ensuring timely submission of HR operations and industrial relations assignments as may be requested from time to time. 
 Job Locations Availability 
 
 Zambia - Lusaka 
 
 Get updates for jobs like this Create alert 
 Recommend your friends and earn prizes Recommend 
 Company Info Website   Size Employees Industry Work Environment 
 Career Opportunities 
 Comp & Benefits 
 Work & Life Balance 
 Recommended jobs 
  Menuisier_Boiseur CIG - Lagos, Nigeria  
  Stagiaire juriste bilingue Louis-Berger - Abidjan, Ivory Coast  
  Sales Representative (HR Services) - Dakar Brainspotting - Dodoma, Tanzania  
  Human Resources/ Admin Officer 1004 Estates Limited - Lagos, Nigeria  
  Sales Representative (HR Services) - Maputo Brainspotting - Maputo, Mozambique  
  Software Developer Ellae Creative Branding Agency Limited - Lagos, Nigeria  
  Sales Representative - Kampala Brainspotting - Accra, Ghana  
  Procurement Managers Sesa S.A. - Douala, Cameroon  
  Chargé de Support Brainspotting - Nairobi, Kenya  
  Assistantes de Direction Ihs Towers - Douala, Cameroon  
  IT Officers Unicef - Lusaka, Zambia  
  Sales Representative - Kampala Brainspotting - Douala, Cameroon  
 Latest News 
 
 10 Excellent Tips & Tricks for Job Interviews 
 The Secret to Making a Difference 
 
 Employers 
 
 Register new account 
 About Us 
 News 
 Offer 
 
 Partnerships 
 
 Partners 
 Press 
 
 Language 
 
 English 
 
