Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manufacturing Operator 
 4iiii Innovations Inc. 
 __Cochrane, AB 
 Apply Now 
 COMPANY DESCRIPTION 
 4iiii Innovations Inc. is a Canadian sports technology company based in Cochrane, Alberta. 4iiii Innovations Inc. is a team of engineers and athletes dedicated to improving personal performance through the development of superior training tools, including cycling power meters, heart rate monitors, and cycling trainers for the outdoor and indoor cycling and fitness markets. The company seeks to build not only the best and most accurate equipment but to do so at an affordable price so that every athlete can gain the benefits of better training. We’re seeking  temporary full-time Manufacturing Operators  to join our manufacturing team in Cochrane, Alberta. The position will initially be until February 28, 2021 with the possibility of an extension. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 As an important member of the manufacturing team, you will be responsible for assembling, installing, testing electronics, and seeing production units through to shipping. Your confidence in understanding and facilitating the process from beginning to end will add tremendous value to the company and provide personal satisfaction for a job well done. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 As the ideal candidate for this role, you: 
 
 
 Possess a high school diploma 
 
 
 Have a keen interest in electronics 
 
 
 Are competent using light machines and tools 
 
 
 Have proven manual dexterity 
 
 
 Possess excellent computer skills 
 
 
 Understand the importance of upholding quality standards, and are able to accurately document your work 
 
 
 Are highly detail-oriented and meticulous 
 
 
 Enjoy being organized and maintaining a tidy workspace 
 
 
 Please apply via Indeed with a cover letter and resume. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. For more information please visit www.4iiii.com. 
 Contract length: 5 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
