Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Practical Nurse (RPN) 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Nepean, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Registered Practical Nurse provides professional nursing care to residents in accordance with required medical care and established nursing care plans and practices. 
 The responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to: 
 Assesses, plan, implement and evaluate individualized care to meet the residents' physical and emotional needs. Ensure resident care plan is initiated in collaboration with other members of the multidisciplinary team. 
Communicate with relatives regarding the care and condition of respective residents as required. 
In conjunction with the Health and Wellness Manager, participates in discharge planning, consultation, and/or transfer of residents. 
As required, provide direct resident care and participate in resident teaching. 
Encourage active participation by residents in all therapy programs and recreational activities. 
Assist in the development and maintenance of an appropriate plan of care for each resident. 
Liaise with attending physicians, psychiatrists, consultants, social workers, clergy, relatives or responsible persons, nursing, dietary, activity staff, etc. to ensure effective resident care is provided; 
Provides first aid to staff when necessary and completes Employee Injury Report; 
Procure and administer medications including all injections and narcotics; 
Participate in the orientation, on-the-job training and in-servicing of nursing staff as required; 
As required, requisition and receive supplies. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
A sound knowledge and background in geriatric, rehabilitation or long term/retirement nursing including activation, nursing and personnel administration. Knowledge of the appropriate sections of the Health Disciplines Act, Occupational Health and Safety Act, Pharmacy Act, Food and Drugs Act (Canada), Narcotic Control Act (Canada) and other pertinent Federal, Provincial and Municipal Statutes which influence the operation of the Retirement Home and more specifically the nursing department; 
Registered Practical Nurses who provide care to residents in the facility shall have a current certificate of competence with the College of Nurses within their province; 
All RPN staff who will be administering medications to residents shall have completed the following: 
An RPN Nursing program which contains a Medication Administration course as part of the core program; 
An RPN Medication Administration Certificate program provided in Ontario since 1985 or; A Medication Administration Certificate course provided out of province and which has been evaluated by the facility’s Health and Wellness Manager. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
