Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Specialist, Digital Content 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The Digital Content Specialist will manage the publishing and maintenance of content across several strategic internal and external platforms. These include flip, our award-winning internal digital workspace, Vendor Portal, our primary method of communicating to the companies that create the products on our shelves; and Loblaw.ca, our corporate external site. 
 This role requires someone with excellent time-management, impeccable attention to detail, solid communication skills and a passion for delivering easy and intuitive user experiences. 
 Responsibilities include: 
Daily publishing and maintenance of content, including web pages, resources, messages/announcements, quick links, hero banners, and editorial content. 
 Proofreading submitted content, making changes and edits as necessary to ensure it is error-free and meets established voice, tone and style guidelines. 
 Coordinate content review, approvals and translation prior to publishing, when required . 
 Develop a deep understanding of our digital platforms, audiences and targeting capabilities . Use that knowledge to ensure content is published , targeted and/or secured in the m ost logical way , so those who need it can find it easily, and so tho se who shouldn’t see it, can’t. 
 Manage Loblaw’s internal Announcements ID, assisting the internal communication team by distributing email announcements and posting on flip. 
 Coordinate large-scale vendor communications including managing distribution lists, facilitating translation, posting messages and triaging feedback. 
 Act as the f irst point-of-contact for new non-editorial content requests. Gather content objectives and requirements, and “think like a user” to make recommendations, ensuring the content has value for the targeted audience and that it is easy to access and use. 
 Manage proactive annual review process for flip pages to ensure content remains useful, fresh, relevant and appropriately targeted and/or secured. 
 Work with broader content team and IT to support user inquires and issues. 
 From time-to-time, early morning, evening and weekend work will be required to meet the needs of the business. 
 Skills required 
 Experience with website management, content management and user experience 
 Excellent organization, planning and multi-tasking skills to manage multiple projects and priorities in a fast-paced environment 
 Strong , editing, proofreading and plain language writing skills 
 Good time ma nagement and organization skills , and the ability to collaborate and develop relationships in a highly matrixed organization 
 Experience with Content Management Systems ( e.g. Sharepoint , Contentful , SAP Cloud platform, and Open Text) is an asset 
 French is an asset 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
