Skip to content 
 Mild-Mannered College Journalist by day, Video Game Fanatic by night 
 Search 
 
 Jason's Blog - Work in Progress 
 Tag: Career Profile 
 
 On Fandango and Vive 
 I've been vaguely hyping this up for a while, so I'm excited to finally talk about it. 
 A few weeks ago I had a lovely conversation Paul Yanover, the President of  Fandango.  I put together a Spotlight all about his career path from being a software-writing USC graduate to heading one of the largest names in the movie/entertainment industry, and it's one of my favorite pieces. 
 Not just because he's a big, recognizable name to promote either — though that does help. Mostly because he had a lot of great advice for anyone interested in managerial positions. 
 For instance, we talked about his early years at  The Walt Disney Company . 
 There he learned that he was better with interpersonal relations than programming, which led to him "making a positive difference" as an advocate for the animator clientele he and other engineers were serving. 
 He had a lot to say about the value of recognizing one's emotional quotient as an indicator of leadership potential, while recommending those who aspire to lead teams make sure they practice working with diverse staff who learn in different ways. 
 At one point we even went off on tangents about  the Dyson vacuum cleaner company  and  Mike Tyson , because that man loves to tell stories and anecdotes. 
 Even with all that condensed from a 4,000+ word interview to a 1,000-ish word story, there was plenty more I couldn't include. 
 Such as the quote that made its way into my Featured Image! 
 All-and-all, Paul Yanover was a great conversationalist with some excellent advice. I'm happy I got a bit of his time, even if it meant rushing to my car after class so I could lock myself in a quiet place, as the interview had been rescheduled once already. And also working some extra photos through corporate HR departments. 
 As is the life of a soon-to-be-not-student journalist. 
 If you want to read the piece in full,  check it out here . 
 
 Editor 's Note: 
 Full disclosure, the way I got an in for this interview was because my Dad passed my interest along as  an employee at Fandango . 
 He had nothing to do with the process beyond that introduction. The closest he came to being involved was when Yanover suggested I sound like the old man over the phone. 
 
 But wait, that's not all folks! 
 I haven't had the chance to talk about this yet either, but a Spotlight I wrote about Jason Ray, Senior Content Producer at  HTC Vive , also got published recently. 
 Here he is being a total badass with some virtual reality gear. Because if you haven't heard of Vive, it's one of the more well-known virtual reality headsets on the market right now — a field that has been growing substantially (in gaming especially) for the last few years. 
 Jason Ray up there helps to create the games in said virtual reality, which is awesome. 
 I'm obviously more interested in the writing side, but I do have aspirations to work on video games. So getting to talk to someone in the industry was pretty cool. 
 Especially since he too has a long history of working with companies like  Activision  and  Konami , which let him touch properties like Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Obviously that's one I care about in particular , even if  Duel Links  hasn't been opened in a bit. 
 Ray also had some great things to say about working on teams, so it's definitely worth a read! There's going to be more coming from me on that subject down the line, so I won't go too deep on the matter now. 
 If you want to check out the piece,  it's right over here for your viewing pleasure . 
 Both of these Spotlights will soon be among  my blog-based collection of writings for Gladeo , as will a whole bunch of other Spotlights and Career Profiles I've been working on for the last couple months as part of  my Comm Internship class . 
 Would've had more to show off today but a few of the Profiles were sent back for a couple of updates. Stuff I'm about to go work on, actually. 
 I'm sure I'll write another post whenever those get through the pipeline. 
 So look forward to that when it happens! 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 April 22, 2019 
 
 
 Activision 
 
 
 Adobe Creative Cloud 
 
 
 Adobe Spark 
 
 
 Car 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Disney 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 
 
 Dyson 
 
 
 Emotional Quotient 
 
 
 Engineering 
 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 
 EQ 
 
 
 Fandango 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 HR 
 
 
 HTC 
 
 
 HTC Vive 
 
 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Jason Ray 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Konami 
 
 
 Management 
 
 
 Mike Tyson 
 
 
 Movies 
 
 
 Paul Yanover 
 
 
 Photography 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 The Walt Disney Company 
 
 
 USC 
 
 
 Vacuum Cleaner 
 
 
 Vide Studios 
 
 
 Video Games 
 
 
 Virtual Reality 
 
 
 VR 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links 
 
 
 
 To the bone 
 After commitments kept me busy  Friday  and  Saturday , today became my dedicated homework repository. 
 I mostly just kept on my Internship hours hunt . 
 Locking myself away in the house wound up being a really positive thing—as it usually is, in my experience. I got the opportunity to chip away at a lot of my work, turning in a Career Profile on being a  UX researcher  (a career I really didn't know existed, but one with a lot of resources online) and a Spotlight featuring a very special person. 
 I'm going to wait until it publishes to really go off about that, because it'll look much better with the story's context. 
 Just know that I'm excited. 
 Between those two pieces I racked up almost 10 hours of work today alone. As a result I've just broken past 100 of my 120-hour requirement for Comm 495-T, that internship class I need to graduate. 
 My final report for the class isn't due until May 3 and the timesheet isn't due until May 10. I'm fairly certain I can bust out the remaining 20 hours by then. 
 Especially considering I still have my Profile/Spotlight on Dr. Wesley to write. 
 And a video interview to schedule. 
 And the blog-related side project that kind of went on the back burner for a while. 
 Somewhere in there I'll have the rest of my time served and still find the chance to do whatever else I have. Give my Honors project presentation and write two more gaming papers. All that fun stuff. 
 After putting in all that time today I'm a little weary of continuing to stare at this screen and type, so I won't make this post too long. 
 Instead I'm going to turn my attention to the T.V. screen, nosh on some Milk Duds and watch  Futurama  with my family. 
 And you know. Not type stuff. 
 Even though re-watching episodes of that show is a consistent reminder of how brilliant it was, a topic that could theoretically fill tons of copy on my blog. 
 Tomorrow I'll try to post something a little more insightful, I just wanted to write something up so I didn't have a gap. That something may just be lackluster teasers in overly verbose prose, but if that doesn't describe my life in a nutshell I don't know what would. 
 It certainly wouldn't be Game of Thrones. Because I ain't ever watched that junk. 
 Maybe one day. But for now, take that people who have spent all day talking about the last season's opening. 
 
 Featured Image via Wikimedia Commons 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 April 14, 2019April 14, 2019 
 
 
 Cal State Fullerton 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Comm 495-T 
 
 
 CSUF 
 
 
 Futurama 
 
 
 Game of Thrones 
 
 
 Gaming in American Culture 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 HBO 
 
 
 Iceland 
 
 
 IMDB 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Milk Duds 
 
 
 School 
 
 
 Senior Honors Project 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Syfy 
 
 
 Television 
 
 
 The Interaction Design Foundation 
 
 
 TV 
 
 
 University Honors Program 
 
 
 User Experience Researcher 
 
 
 UX Researcher 
 
 
 Wikimedia Commons 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 
 Racking up hours 
 I promised something more exciting than hang-out escapades  at the end of my post yesterday , but let's just say I never got around to doing anything more exciting. 
 To be fair I made "more exciting" impossible by staying up until 1:30 a.m. playing  Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice  with my boys, finally learning why people love From Software games. 
 I seriously went from this: 
 
 Played Sekiro for the first time today. 
 Felt really good to throw a whole bunch of shuriken at the Chained Ogre and do literally no other damage!  pic.twitter.com/JgHOUTS3Q8 
 -- Jason Rochlin (@jdrochlin)  April 5, 2019 
 
 To absolutely exploding with hype as soon as we began picking off mini-bosses with  Sly Cooper  levels of stealth. 
 But I also didn't come up with something more exciting to talk about today because I spent most of it working. 
 I've hit that point ( as always ) where thinking about the things I have to do before summer turns me into a quivering mess of stress and food wrappers. 
 Except this semester has the added benefit of stress about graduation too! 
 My goal was to use Spring Break to catch up on homework. Namely my internship hours and Senior Honors Project. 
 Most of it has been spent throwing myself against those internship hours, much to the detriment of progress on my novel. 
 For now I'm hoping to hit my 120-hour mark so I don't have to worry about that ever again, since I have a bit more time to finish my novel on the backend. 
 I have made decent progress (approaching 90 hours), and there are enough other things coming for Gladeo that I think I'll be fine. 
 In fact, tonight I finished transcribing my interview with  Dr. Nicole Wesley, the Assistant Superintendent of Human Resources for the Redondo Beach Unified School District . 
 Also my ex-Principal at both Adams Middle School and Redondo Union High School. We've stayed in touch. 
 I transcribed almost 7,500 words for a good couple hours and still have to put the piece together, so she's been a godsend. Alongside other stories in the works. 
 I probably won't talk about her again until stuff gets published, so I figured I would leave y'all a nice teaser from the end of my transcript: 
 
 "I think that before you become a teacher, you don't realize the level of difficulty and complexity that comes with the job. But as complex and frustrating as it can be, it is equally if not more rewarding in every other sense. Even on the worst day, you will experience a situation that brings joy and hope in a way that is inexplainable. 
 I think that may be the case with a lot of jobs. There are no perfect jobs and you're going to work really hard, even beyond the seven hours you're paid. But the memories and relationships and the impact you make are second to none." 
 — Nicole Wesley 
 
 Great stuff. Can't wait to pull the Profile and Spotlight together. 
 That was about the most exciting part of my day. Unless you want to get into my orthodontic adventure. 
 … Actually, I did talk about this problems, so it might be worth writing closure. 
 Toward the end of 2018 I broke my permanent retainer at a celebratory end-of-semester dinner with my friend Mimi.  The cherry on top of an already relentless day . 
 I took a little too long getting to the Orthodontist after that, so my teeth had moved out of alignment. They told me to wear my plastic retainers 24/7 for a few weeks and come back. 
 School got busy. So I wore these bad boys all day, everyday for probably a good month or two. 
 Just be glad I didn't get a gross picture of the new brace in my mouth. 
 Spring Break offered the rest I finally needed to make a new appointment, so $250 later I am back at full capacity. 
 Only having to wear these at night again is a true blessing that I will never take for granted. 
 … Until probably half a year from now when I stop bothering. 
 But I'm hoping to be better about that this time around! 
 And that, ladies and germs, sums up my day. Lots of work and orthodontic care. 
 I'll try to stop promising cool things on specific time frames because I seem to keep failing to keep my word. 
 At this point Shantae will be taunting me for the rest of my life. 
 All I'll say is, don't be surprised if I come out with a few more silly posts or life dump posts for a while as I attempt to keep writing through my imminent semester-end burnout. 
 God knows graduation will be the death of me. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 April 5, 2019 
 
 
 2019 
 
 
 Adams Middle School 
 
 
 Cal State Fullerton 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 CSUF 
 
 
 Friends 
 
 
 From Software 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Graduation 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Mimi 
 
 
 Nicole Wesley 
 
 
 Orthodontist 
 
 
 RBUSD 
 
 
 Redondo Beach 
 
 
 Redondo Beach Unified School District 
 
 
 Redondo Union High School 
 
 
 Retainer 
 
 
 School 
 
 
 Sekiro 
 
 
 Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice 
 
 
 Senior Honors Project 
 
 
 Shantae 
 
 
 Sly Cooper 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Spring Break 
 
 
 Spring Break 2019 
 
 
 Teeth 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Video Games 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 Working for the new year 
 It has been a few days since the ball dropped. For the most part I've spent the early moments of 2019 chilling out — sleeping, spending time with friends,  writing about silly things like my Naruto fan animation , etc. 
 But today I really started to kick myself into some kind of working gear. 
 A source I've been talking with at HTC Vive finally got back to me with some responses last night, so progress is being made on my next piece for Gladeo. 
 Plus I sent out a few other emails and messages while at the same time trying to start cleaning my room. All while listening to some YouTube videos and podcasts in the background, trying to catch up on that media I've fallen a little behind on while doing other things like play Smash Bros. 
 Because for some reason I only thrive when I'm doing a million things at once. Always have. 
 I wound up having kind of an opposite day to my sister as a result, as she spent the morning out at breakfast with her friends and then went to a party with totally different friends later. 
 Quite the social butterfly, as opposed to my more introverted personal time sensibilities. Ironic considering the line of work I'm studying into I know, but I can turn on the talk when need be. 
 I guess to be fair there are two caveats to that. I did spend all night last night with my friends, and I have a dinner thing tomorrow, so it's not like I'm not doing anything with other people. Plus she goes back to school next week and I still have a few more weeks of winter break to follow, so she has to squeeze it all in where she can. 
 That being said, it was still funny how I really wound up kicking work more into gear while she was out being social. Just came to mind when I was driving her to that second party earlier. 
 In terms of working, I should go to the gym again, and also get started on my Senior Honors Project stuff. I think I might try to do some research for it soon, and could even talk about it here if I find some good stuff. 
 Though tomorrow I might focus more of my time on trying to find a new wall calendar for my room. 
 This last semester I discovered the true benefits of having all my scheduled appointments available on the wall right next to me. 
 That's about all I have to say after a fairly long day of not a lot happening. Got started on a lot of work, with my next Gladeo piece and maybe even novel research to look forward to sometime soon. Otherwise, for the most part I pulled this together simply so I wouldn't miss a committed blog writing day this early into the new year. 
 Before I go, however, I think it's also worth mentioning that Alyson never finishes Pokémon games. Because she absolutely adores it when I bring up video games in a way totally unrelated to what I had mentioned her for. 
 But also, also, that mention could become related to what I mentioned her for if I tell her that we best finish Let's Go, Eevee before she goes back to school and leaves me Macaulay Culkining here. 
 Consider that a challenge if you actually read this far into a dumb post of mine, sis. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 January 3, 2019 
 
 
 2019 
 
 
 Alyson 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Exercise 
 
 
 Extrovert 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Gym 
 
 
 Home Alone 
 
 
 HTC Vive 
 
 
 Introvert 
 
 
 Macaulay Culkin 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 
 Pokemon 
 
 
 Pokemon Let's Go 
 
 
 Senior Honors Project 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Video Games 
 
 
 Winter Break 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Director of Photography Career Profile uploaded 
 I didn't want to let this actually important work-related stuff fall through the cracks in between a pair of Fire Emblem Heroes posts after seeing it come through my email, so welcome to lucky post number two for the night. 
 The Career Profile I wrote on being a Director of Photography finally got put up on Gladeo's website today! 
 If you recall, a few weeks ago I wrote  a Spotlight on Alexxiss Jackson.  She's a freelance DP who has won a number of awards for her work on films, music videos and more. That piece was interesting because it was really the first (features-style) profile of that sort I had cobbled together using interview answers from text rather than actually talking to them in person or over the phone. 
 The follow-up to that piece was a full Career Profile on Directors of Photography that I, again, used some notes from her that I received over an interview form to create. In a much less significant capacity, however. 
 Career Profiles are built more on research through places like the Bureau of Labor statistics after all. So this is a 'research with a side of interview' than a Q&A like the Spotlight. 
 If you want to check out the profile, take a look  jump on into the rabbit hole through this link here,  or head on over to the right-side of the blog to see my full archive of work for Gladeo! 
 Since the experimental stuff worked so well with Alexxiss, I'm sure more Profiles/Spotlights will start to roll in via some connections Gladeo has been making. In that case, look forward to some more frequent work uploads hopefully coming soon. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 December 10, 2018December 10, 2018 
 
 
 Alexxiss Jackson 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Cinematographer 
 
 
 Director of Photography 
 
 
 DP 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Gladeo League 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 
 Interview Form 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Movies 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 Music Video 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 Writing 
 
 
 A different kind of Gladeo Spotlight 
 Seemingly out of nowhere, today I have a new byline to talk about and record for posterity! Just of a slightly different vein than usual. 
 Since taking up my new position at Gladeo and starting the school semester, I've had a little less time to do my own interviews for Career Profiles and Spotlights. That isn't to say I haven't been trying, but the availability of people getting back to me has also been a mitigating factor. 
 So long story short I've been focused a bit more on the backend, helping our reporters do what they need to do and trying to establish our nonprofit as an avenue for other students to intern at. More of a long-term growth establishment process. 
 One thing I've been in the loop about with Michelle is our outreach to a number of different organizations as potential partnerships. The general idea is that instead of having a longer, more intimate process with every single Spotlight, were also trying to create connections with groups that can disseminate smaller surveys so we can edit those text answers together into a quick piece for our site. 
 The piece I have for you all today with Alexxiss Jackson  is kind of the prototypical example of what we're trying to do. 
 Obviously I don't have a very extensive take winding behind the production of this Spotlight, as the background mostly involved me getting looped in on a process that we're trying to set up. But Alexxiss was lovely to talk to over email, and I barely had to do anything to edit it into our typical format. 
 Frankly the extent of it was changing the font, making the Q's in the Q&A more conversational and re-writing the introductory portion of the piece into third rather than first person. Plus doing a little extra research into the different awards and accolades she's received so I could make her look that much cooler — since she does have a pretty extensive history directing films and music videos that have been featured at film festivals and won awards. 
 Then I put the whole thing together, packaged it with the photos we were produced and let Michelle post it online. We're still working out some security protocols before I get clearance to do the back-end posting step, or else I probably would have just done that too. 
 With this kind of set-up in place, I imagine I should get a bunch of more quick bylines out for Gladeo sooner rather than later. That won't change my continuing efforts to pursue larger, more personal interviews… 
 But hey, I don't think my resume will complain either way. 
 If you want to see the other stuff I've done for Gladeo, take a look at that link over on the right! 
 Otherwise I figured I would end this with a friendly reminder to all of you living in the States that you should go out and vote tomorrow. 
 Not applicable to anyone reading this in the future, but hey. It's still important. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 November 5, 2018 
 
 
 Alexxiss Jackson 
 
 
 Archive Articles 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Director 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Gladeo League 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Life 
 
 
 Michelle Cho 
 
 
 Movie Director 
 
 
 Movies 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 Music Video Director 
 
 
 My Life 
 
 
 Prototype 
 
 
 Q&A 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Updates 
 
 
 Work 
 
 
 
 This Gladeo Spotlight is Magic 
 Some of you are probably thinking this headline here is just a symptom of me being full of myself. 
 But it's not. 
 It's actually a sort of pun on the fact that the person I interviewed is named Magic. 
 … 
 Is it worse to abuse the obvious pun than it is to be full of myself? I suppose that's the kind of semantic detail you as the audience should decide. I won't dwell on it too long because I have a point to get to. 
 That point being my Gladeo piece on audio engineers is live right now! I just found out about it this morning during our bi-weekly meeting and got right on putting this together. As soon as I finished helping paint the girl's room. But you can just  look at yesterday's post  if you want more details on that. 
 My conversation with Magic was probably one of the coolest interviews I've had the opportunity to conduct. He's a great guy with a storied history and plenty of things to say about finding work you enjoy doing that really spoke to me at a personal level even more than just my professional judgement of what makes good quotes. I spent plenty of time going into that  when I first did the interview a few weeks back . 
 Unlike a daily news cycle, these kinds of longer-form database profiles and such don't have a super quick turnaround, so I've been waiting to see everything get through the editing process for a while. In the meantime I've been working on some other pieces, but this is the one I've been really excited about. 
 I updated my Gladeo work listing in that tab over on the right, but if you want you can jump through  this link here  to check out the overall profile on being an Audio Engineer I put together. Through there is another point of access to the Spotlight I wrote about Magic specifically. 
 When I first started to work on this piece I mentioned an interest in posting the full interview transcript. After all, he said so much wonderful stuff that it was difficult to have o distill it down for proper publication. So I figured hey, I've got a personal blog. Why not put the full text here? 
 If you're interested in reading the full (somewhat) unabridged hour-long talk I had with Magic, go ahead and click the read more button / scroll down. But if you're not, I'd still appreciate it if you could check out the published piece over on the Gladeo website. 
 Thanks a billion everyone, looking forward to getting more out there soon! 
 Continue reading "This Gladeo Spotlight is Magic" -> 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 August 3, 2018 
 
 
 Archive Articles 
 
 
 Audio Engineer 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Career Spotlight 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Gladeo League 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 Life 
 
 
 Magic Moreno 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 Painting 
 
 
 Q&A 
 
 
 Sound 
 
 
 Summer 2018 
 
 
 Transcription 
 
 
 Good Gladeo Housekeeping 
 Shout out to video games for making me push off this post for half a week. 
 Actually that isn't totally fair. Yes, video games are a large culprit, but I have also been busy running around a bit doing chores and such. For instance I had a lovely time today going out with my mom and grandparents, Rhea and Joe, to get my Grandpa's walker fixed before having lunch over in old town Torrance. 
 The walker couldn't lock down, it had a screw loose, which is a bit of poetic writing in itself that is by no means lost on me. I love my grandparents, but they are getting up there. 
 Grandma does read my blog stuff on occasion though, and if this is one of those times when I just so happen to be vaguely making fun of them, then my apologies! You know I love you both a lot. 
 However I didn't want to spend a huge chunk of this post, for as short as it'll be, talking about my adventures with the old folks today. It's just my excuse for waiting so long to finish writing the damn thing. 
 Instead I'd like to spend some time talking about Gladeo. 
 You all remember Gladeo, right? The internship I jumped into last summer that I've stuck with — despite an admittedly sizable chunk of time when I was dealing with medical issues and dropped the ball. But that's beside the point. 
 Now that this summer is getting into full swing I've started to plan out more work that I'll be doing for the nonprofit. Trying to find some industries to dig into, interesting representatives to interview, all that good stuff. 
 Part of that initiating work for me has been going through my blog/website here and fleshing out my 'Gladeo work' section. See, a few months back, Gladeo released  a brand new, better optimized website . Before there was an awkward split with profiles on careers filling up one site while the highlights on people who work in that industry were on a different site. 
 Now everything is all together and it looks much more sleek. 
 Plus, there's a better indication on the site showing who wrote what pieces, so it's much easier to cite the profiles and such I've worked on if I decide to go out for more job interviews! 
 As a result, I revamped the Gladeo portion of my blog, like I said. Not only did I add in all of the pieces that I've worked on but haven't had the chance to talk about because they were lost in the editing process as that new site was being finished, I also fixed the wording to reflect terms that we now use. 
 It isn't 'career profiles' and 'career highlights' anymore. Now we're calling them 'career profiles' and 'spotlights,' because even Michelle, the founder, realized that the similar nomenclature was a bit confusing from anyone looking in. 
 Really that's about all I have to say on the matter, so if you're interested in reading the work I've done for Gladeo you can now check out  that page over on the right ! 
 With some work already lining up, I'm hoping to update that page a good bit more over the next few months. I'll be sure to keep everyone who's interested in the loop. 
 In the meantime, if there's anyone (preferably in the L.A. area) that's well intertwined in a particular industry, be it entertainment, tech or anything honestly, that you think has an interesting story that could help the youth of the world determine whether they want to go into that kind of career, don't be afraid to let me know. 
 I'd be very interested in talking with them! 
 
 P.S. In case anyone's curious, the title of this post isn't just me fellating myself for doing an amazing job changing a couple of minor details on my own website. 
 It's actually a reference to  this Yu-Gi-Oh! card name , which I thought had a nice ring to it. 
 What can I say, I have the game on the mind after discovering this amazing little thing earlier. 
 
 Don’t think I’ll ever be able to see anything else…  pic.twitter.com/fXTwS1AVXh 
 -- Jason Rochlin (@jdrochlin)  May 31, 2018 
 
 I hope Konami paid well for this little product placement. 
 
 
 jdrochlin 
 
 
 May 31, 2018 
 
 
 Career Profile 
 
 
 Gladeo 
 
 
 Gladeo League 
 
 
 Grandma Rhea 
 
 
 Grandpa Joe 
 
 
 Grandparents 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Journalism 
 
 
 My Blog 
 
 
 Nonprofit 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Spotlight 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Blog Stuff 
 Books 
 Communications 436 
 Election 
 Honors 210B 
 Journalism 
 Miscellaneous/Unsorted 
 Movies 
 Music 
 School 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Television 
 Trading Card Games 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Games 
 
 Check out my journalism experience! 
 
 BOOM California 
 Daily Titan Articles 
 Game Rant Features 
 Game Rant News Articles 
 Gladeo League Spotlights and Profiles 
 Hear me on the radio 
 High Tide Articles 
 
 Tags 
 Alyson   Archive Articles   California   Cal State Fullerton   CSUF   Daily Titan   DT   Fire Emblem   Fire Emblem Heroes   Fire Emblem Heroes Update   Gladeo   Intelligent Systems   Journalism   Life   Mobile Games   Mobile Gaming   Movies   My Life   News   Nintendo   Orbs   Pokemon   School   Social Media   Summoning Focus   Twitter   Video Games   Work   Writing   YouTube 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A very, very long overdue New Year's update 
 See you Space Cowboy… 
 Off to the races! 
 ART (and pita bread) 
 Rain, rain, go away 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 
 Follow Jason's Blog - Work in Progress on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
