
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 Miz Insomniac 
 Written While Others Sleep 
 ](https://mizinsomniac.wordpress.com/ "Miz Insomniac") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Twitter   Facebook   RSS Feed 
 Category Archives: Career 
   
 Early Retirement 
 Sep 5 
 Posted by  Miz Insomniac 
 I started writing this blog, because I figured if I was awake maybe putting some of my worries and rants down in print might help me dish off some anxiety. I hoped maybe it would allow me to work through some of the stress and tension I experienced on a daily basis. I certainly wasn't having any success tossing and turning at night. I usually ended up exhausted from the ordeal of attempting to force sleep. So, I started writing down what bothered me, or stressed me out, or sometimes what interested me. When I first started this blog, I was living with a man that was a sorry mess. As I look back on my life, there are a few episodes I wish I could completely erase. This man was one of them. 
 As the relationship unwound, I found myself filled with anxiety and I brought that anxiety here. I also found myself awake at night worried about my career and supporting my family. In those days, I was struggling financially, after a divorce where I ended up with ALL the marital debt. That was my reward for marrying a man who never paid his bills. I worried about everything. It kept me up. I ranted through it all here. My life is in a very different place than when I began this blog almost four years ago.  Read the rest of this entry -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Career ,  Dealing With Stress ,  Just Can't Sleep 
 2 Comments 
 Tags:  anxiety ,  early retirement ,  insomnia ,  Miz Insomniac ,  mizinsomniac ,  stress 
   
 Dreams 
 Apr 3 
 Posted by  Miz Insomniac 
 They started again. The moving dreams. They are all similar, some of them even repeat certain elements while varying others. Each time they occur they tend to signal some sort of transition, either one I'm going through, one I'm considering, or one I'm completely unaware that is happening or soon to occur. I had no memory of this dream upon waking this morning. It came back to me, in full detail much later in the day, as I was sitting in traffic, of all places. It was so surreal, I was tempted to close my eyes and relive the dream. 
 Read the rest of this entry -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Career ,  The Future ,  What Keeps Me Up At Night 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  career changes ,  choices ,  dream interpretation ,  dreams ,  life changes ,  Miz Insomniac ,  mizinsomniac ,  promotions 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Key to Surviving A Commute 
 Dreams 
 Bounce 
 Dating Again? 
 Amusement Park Rides and Marriage 
 
 
 
 Like Miz Insomniac on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Like Miz Insomniac on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Tweeting instead of Sleeping 
 
 RT @ MizDigital : Please RT @ GabbyCesaro_ : RETWEET @ Ranneee13  LAST TWEET NOW  http://t.co/677728wL0w   5 years ago 
 So very done...in so many ways. The empty nest cannot happen quickly enough.  5 years ago 
 RT @ stilllearning2b : The best lessons can often be found when we are facing unanticipated change and loss.  #divorce    ow.ly/JInDq   5 years ago 
 Let they with the classiest uniform win.  #sb49   #seahawks   5 years ago 
 Long distance relationships are tough enough. Long distance marriage, even worse.  #foolsrushin   6 years ago 
 Just clicked into the "I'm done with this shit" mode. That's not good.  6 years ago 
 Marriage. Sometimes we make it rougher than it needs to be.  6 years ago 
 RT @ goodhealth : Sculpt sleek abs WITHOUT crunches! Try these 24 alternatives:   ow.ly/DTh7i   #workout   6 years ago 
 My cats keep me awake. I'm so over being a pet owner.  #emptynestready   6 years ago 
 RT @ thedailybeast : Renee Zellweger's fine, but we need some work: The toxic pursuit of  #Flawless  beauty   thebea.st/1vWweg0   http://t.co/…   6 years ago 
 Follow @mizinsomniac 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow this blog 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 July 2014 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 January 2012 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Aging 
 Blogging/Writing 
 Breast Cancer 
 Career 
 Dating 
 Dealing With Stress 
 Divorce 
 Family Life 
 Finances 
 Goals and Progress 
 Health & Fitness 
 Health and Fitness 
 Holidays 
 Humor 
 Just Can't Sleep 
 Lessons Learned 
 Life in General 
 Living The Dream, Or Not 
 Mama Politico 
 Marriage 
 Memoirs 
 NaBloPoMo 
 Overcoming Challenges 
 Parenting 
 Relationships 
 The Future 
 The World of Work 
 What Keeps Me Up At Night 
 Wrapping My Mind Around These Things…Or Trying To 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
