If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Trainer 
 Fleet Feet Store Support Team](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Carrboro, NC 
 Share 
 
 
 Depends on experience 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us! 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 This position is preferably located in Carrboro, NC, however we are open to other remote locations. 
 The Rundown: 
 As a member of the Retail Experience Team, this position will assist with leading retail education and training strategies. This role will focus on store-level retail trainers and the overall development of our future brand leaders! Our Retail Experience Managers play a key role in running the day to day operations of our business and the Retail Trainer will have the opportunity to mentor and develop our Retail Experience Managers. This individual will lead our Retail Experience Manager training from the overall strategy through to the execution. Another key role this position will support as needed is our Leadership Development Program trainees. 
 Our Retail Trainer will drive brand-wide sales metrics by focusing on education for our store-level Retail Experience Managers, ultimately crafting a consistent customer and staff experience across the brand. The Retail Trainer will curate educational content and communicate new resources on a monthly basis. This role will have the opportunity to partner with other departments to support all aspects of sales and service training. 
 If you enjoy speaking in front of a crowd, coordinating and executing summits/workshops, and educating and training others, this role is for you! 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Facilitate calls that empower Retail Experience Managers to collaborate monthly 
 Coordinate training for new Franchisees and Operating Partners 
 Monitor performance of Retail Experience Managers to identify areas of opportunity and provide support as needed 
 Build and maintain written guides through our company’s intranet 
 Consistently create and maintain video training content in our Learning Management System, Fleet Feet University 
 
 Qualifiers 
 
 Minimum of two years of experience as a retail trainer, retail manager, or similar role 
 Ability to travel 
 Experience with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and retail POS systems 
 Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation, and facilitation skills 
 Hardworking, positive, and self-motivated 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 
 Other requirements: 
 
 Position requires occasional walking and standing with light (1-10 lbs.) carrying, lifting, pushing, or pulling. The position is mostly sedentary and requires the employee to have close visual acuity to perform job requirements. The position requires frequent talking, hearing, and repetitive motion with the hands, wrists, and/or fingers. This position is located within an office environment and is not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions. 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Hardworking team members 
 Rich benefits plan (Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, FSA, 401k, plus more) 
 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
