Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 Mats Lewan: The Biggest Shift Ever. 
 How technology’s changing the world. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Mats Lewan 
 
 Open Search 
 Five industries where 2 billion jobs will be lost 
 Thomas Frey 
 Most people have understood that the music and the movie industries have been profoundly changed by the internet. Fewer realize that this was just the beginning. 
 Futurist  Thomas Frey recently talked on how 2 billion jobs will disappear by 2030  and also outlined five areas in which this will happen: 
 1. Power Industry 
2. Automobile transportation 
3. Education 
4. Manufacturing 
5. Manual labor 
 And here are his arguments: 
 The  Power Industry  with centralized power networks and big power plants will disappear as new disruptive energy technologies, enabling small scale and clean energy production emerge. Energy will be produced locally and distributed to communities in micro grids. 
 Automobile transportation  will gradually shift over to autonomous vehicles, starting with delivery transportation and autonomous driving as luxury features in high end cars. 
 Education  will be done via the internet through recorded courses. Focus will shift from teaching to learning. This will have a huge impact on jobs as teaching requires experts whereas learning only requires coaches. 
 Manufacturing  will become dramatically different through the emergence and development of 3D printing, allowing local and specific manufacturing on demand. 
 Manual labor  will be done by robots. 
 Basically I agree with Frey, although I believe that this shift might happen sooner than he thinks. 
 However, some of these areas might not be transformed dramatically in a short term. The power of 3D printing has been extensively debated lately. Critics don't believe that it will ever be a very powerful force. 
 Certainly 3D printing is at its infancy but we also know how industrial development can take a concept from niche applications to mass market applications. There's no reason to believe that this will not happen to 3D printing. 
 Education on the other hand is a sector which will probably be hit hard in the next few years, leading to a dramatic transformation which will go on for a long time. 
 Looking in a longer perspective, all the way to 2030, Frey most probably underestimates or even forgets the power of AI. He points out that "nearly every  physical  task can conceivably be done by a robot" but fails to acknowledge that also a large number of  intellectual  tasks can be done without humans by then, performed by AI. 
 In that perspective far more than 2 billion jobs done by humans today will disappear by 2030, but as Frey notes, several new completely different jobs will be created. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Published by Mats Lewan 
 Speaker, author and tech journalist, focusing on cutting edge technologies and their increasing impact on our lives.   View all posts by Mats Lewan  
 __February 6, 2012 
 __ Uncategorized 
 __ 3D printing ,  AI ,  Autonomous Vehicles ,  Digital revolution ,  Education ,  Energy ,  Manufacturing ,  Robots ,  Self-driving cars ,  Transportation 
 Post navigation 
 Autonomous cars highlight fundamental questions 
 Did you ever wonder what technology really wants? 
 3 thoughts on "Five industries where 2 billion jobs will be lost" 
 Add yours 
 
 Mathew Koshy  says: 
 
 June 30, 2012 at 08:05 
 Great Article, in fact this hypothesis could be extended to almost every sector of the society. Maybe if  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Person-to-person_lending  and digital cash like en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin get their critical mass, banking too will never be the same again. I think every technology that targets people at the bottom of the pyramid will be the economic driver for the 2030. The current institutions ( and the 2 billion working in them) only help, grow and protect the rich and the influential. they are bound to break, thanks to internet. the future would be bright as the next 5 billion would work more efficiently, creatively and productively. 
 Reply 
 
 Jouni Valkonen  says: 
 
 February 6, 2012 at 18:03 
 I would add agriculture as sixth industry where there will occur major job losses. This is because highly automated vertical farming will start substituting traditional agriculture in 2020's. 
 Imagine a world where this map is fully green! 
 
 However, I think that organic cattle ranching and milk and egg production will somewhat mitigate job losses due to vertical farming. But I cannot estimate how much this may substitute job losses in agriculture. This depends lots how in vitro meat production is advancing. If it advances. 
 
 It is however important to understand that job losses is not bad thing, because they increase leisure time. Although median income will drop drastically, we can create demand into market with basic income. Namely, we can tax the productivity of capital and distribute the wealth to the people. This kind of redistributing of purchasing power to the middle class should have been started in USA already 30 years ago, when the growth of productivity did not increase anymore the demand in the market. (see the graph) 
 
 As there was no growth in purchasing power of median people, market economy starts coughing as the chronic lack of citizen purchasing power must be compensated with borrowed money. 
 Reply 
 
 7theaven  says: 
 
 February 6, 2012 at 13:30 
 Well researched, provided a good insight to me! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Comment. Latest comments are displayed on top. Comments are not threaded.  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
