
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  / Party Jobs in European Resort Meccas 
 Party Jobs in European Resort Meccas 
 Few have embraced the party life like Hayley Tilley, 23, a UK citizen from Macclesfield, Cheshire (Near Manchester). She has spent several years working in Magalluf, Palma Nova, and Mallorca. Sound like something you might want to do too? 
 What job were you doing? 
 Mainly bar work, but i have tried my hand at Pring, Waitressing, Hostessing, selling photo keyrings and I've also been a shot girl! 
 Why did you choose to work there? 
 I had worked a few months in Faliraki and I wanted to do it again somewhere else. My friend suggested Magalluf and i thought why not! 
 Party Jobs in Magalluf 
 How did you find the job (website, paper, etc.)? 
 Word of mouth! Everyone was really helpful my first year because everybody has done it themselves. They tell you where they've heard there are jobs going. 
 What was your day to day routine? 
 Wake up early afternoon, go to the beach and sunbathe most of the day! Sometimes if it was a bit cloudy we'd go to a bar and drink and play pool! Now I live here permanently, it's a bit different. I tend to go into Palma shopping, lounge by the pool or spend time with my boyfriend and our dog. 
 What was the salary like? 
 A lot better than I expected. It usually starts at about €40 per night depending on the bar - and that's good considering most places let you drink for free. So when you finish work and go out, you don't need to spend as much on drinks! 
 Is accommodation included if not, is there accommodation locally and do you know whats the cost? 
 My first year my first boss helped me find accommodation. But there are almost always signs up for apartments to rent and people looking for room mates. There's also a really good local paper for English that always has apartments in the back! 
 Would you recommend this type of job? 
 Definitely! It's addictive though. I came out here in summer 2004, came back in summer 2005 and then ended up moving myself out here permanently in 2006! It's something people will remember forever! Note - Find out more about  clubbing jobs in Europe  on another page of WAM!. 
 Do you need to be qualified? 
 Not at all! As long as you're outgoing and enjoy a good laugh you'll fit in anywhere! I'd never even worked behind a bar when i first came. 
 What 's the night life like? 
 Varied! There's so much to choose from depending on your tastes! A lot of the bars play the same music, although new places are opening every year offering different things. There are clubs that play house, clubs that play RnB, clubs that play old skool! 
** 
Are there other things to do like sports/beach/tourist attractions?** 
 There are loads of beaches scattered around Magalluf and Palma Nova, with all the water sports and pedlos! TWO water parks! Marineland, a place with dolphin shows and lots of other marine life to see, just a 5 minute bus journey! 
 The most amazing show in the world - "Pirates." I have been so many times, it's great! Fantastic acrobatics along with a comical story line! It's a #1 attraction for tourists and workers alike! There's Gold Fantasia in Palma Nova, which is a large, popular, crazy golf course! New in Magalluf in 2007 was the House of Katmandu, which is a kinda Indiana Jones themed museum, with lots of modern and interactive things for all ages based around a story. 
 For the brave, there's a bungee ball called "The Slingshot," I'm sure I don't need to explain what that is! For those who like shopping, just a 15 minute bus ride will take you to Porto Pi a fantastic shopping centre or a bit further on there's Palma city centre! There is also a sports centre close to the centre of Magalluf with a gym and a football pitch! 
 What 's so good about working out there? 
 A lot. It's a totally different lifestyle over here. Everyone works hard and plays hard. I've made the bestest of friends out here over the last few years because such fab people come to work here. What's better than laying on the beach everyday and partying every night? Even being at work over here feels like a party! 
 Tell us about the best and worst bits! 
 Worst bits…You do get your idiots! Those people who think they can handle all the free shots and then just turn into proper losers, get into fights or be sick everywhere! I swear somedays I see too much vomit! 
 Best bits are the nice people you meet. Tourists and workers! I'm in contact still with a lot of people I've met who come on holiday here, people who I've worked with here and people who want to come and work here! How can I forget that the weather is also one of the best bits! Also it's just such a good laugh! 
** 
Are there any negatives?** 
 Maybe for the people who get homesick! I've always been quite independent, but I do have my days when I just want my mum! 
 Did you make some new friends? 
 Ha ha! I've already said enough about this one! You don't make some new friends, you make loads of new friends! 
 Do you plan to work abroad again (or have you since you worked there)? 
 I now have my residency here and live here all year around! 
 Do you have any advice for other people who want to work there? 
 Do it! If you're already thinking about it and don't do it you will always be wondering "what if I had?" Even if you come here and don't like it (you will!), it's only a plane journey back home! 
 Do you feel this experience will help you with your career? 
 My career will be here in Mallorca when I decide what I want to do! 
 Out of interest did you go to College or Uni in the UK? 
 I tried college, but I get frustrated just sitting in a classroom, so I left after a couple of months. I like being out and about doing things. I know many people, though, that have come here and worked a summer after taking a year out before going to uni. 
 If Uni or College, which one and what did you study? 
 I studied psychology, English literature and social studies. 
 Filed Under:  Jobs Abroad  Tagged With:  magaluf ,  mallorca ,  palma nova ,  resort jobs 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
