Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Clerk 
 Vancouver Island Health Authority 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 In accordance with the Vision, Purpose, and Values, and strategic direction of the Vancouver Island Health Authority (Island Health) patient and staff safety is a priority and a responsibility shared by everyone; as such, the requirement to continuously improve quality and safety is inherent in all aspects of this position. 
 Reporting to the Manager or designate, the Administrative Clerk supports the Primary Health Care Centre interdisciplinary team and acts as a communication link between clients, doctors, hospitals, long-term care facilities, and community services, e.g., Pharmacies and Laboratories. The Administrative Clerk is responsible for prioritizing and relaying information in order to meet the needs of those who rely on a Primary Health Care Centre for the provision of health services. In addition, the Administrative Clerk provides clerical support duties, which include word/data processing, typing medical and legal reports and documents, referrals to specialists, data base retrieval, answering general inquiries related to programs and policies, and other support services according to regional standards. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Education, Training And Experience 
 Secretarial or Office Administration Certificate, Medical Terminology. One year office experience in a health related field including experience with client scheduling, database systems and with the use of medical terminology; or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 Skills And Abilities 
Keyboard at 40 wpm. 
Operate related equipment . 
Communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. 
Deal with others effectively. 
Organize work. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position 
 https://jd.viha.ca/JD33.pdf 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
