Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 PHP Developer REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Viget is a digital agency / software development shop headquartered just outside of  Washington, DC , (in Falls Church, VA) with additional offices in  Durham, NC ,  Boulder, CO , and  Chattanooga, TN . We've been at it since 1999 and have earned a solid reputation as a rare firm that does both great design and development work when building digital products and marketing platforms. 
 Our PHP/CMS Developer will work independently or alongside industry-leading Front-End Developers to create rich and engaging content-driven products. As a PHP/CMS Developer, you are responsible for the configuration, architecture, custom development, maintenance, and troubleshooting of all PHP-based CMS sites developed by the Front-End Development team. You will frequently work with a Front-End Developer who is responsible for the visual and interactive layer of the site. PHP proficiency is a must and candidates should have experience working with third-party PHP-based CMS platforms and utilize modern PHP best practices, like dependency management with Composer. For the right person, we are open to US-based remote candidates. When we consider remote candidates, we're looking for mid- to senior-level developers who have experience with remote collaboration. 
 Our teams also collaborate directly with clients that offer great variety – from major brands like  ESPN  and  Dick’s Sporting Goods  to world-changing nonprofits like  WWF  and  WCS  to emerging startups and tech leaders like Google. Viget == variety. 
 To get a feel for how we think and what we're learning about,  read our tech articles , check out  code.viget.com , or jump straight to  our projects on Github . 
 Our PHP/CMS Developers: 
 
 Find joy in architecting CMS-driven sites from third-party platforms to unique, custom-developed solutions and getting under-the-hood to understand how these platforms work. 
 Have knowledge of Craft, Wordpress, or other CMS platforms. 
 Are comfortable extending WordPress, Craft, or other systems with custom development. 
 Can work with our DevOps Director to handle server configuration, deployments, and setting up local development environments on Docker. 
 Are experts in PHP and may have knowledge of other back-end languages, like Ruby on Rails. 
 Embody our core values of integrity, work ethic, collaboration, creativity, and lifelong learning (especially important as we continually evaluate and embrace new technologies). 
 Enjoy working with others in our collaborative environment that balances team-wide communication (e.g., daily standups, Slack discussions, code review), occasional pair programming sessions, and frequent blocks of focused, uninterrupted time for independent work. 
 Speak and write well. Care about modern best practices, including code reviews, continuous integration and deployment, and iterative development. 
 Value mentorship, learning, and sharing knowledge. 
 
 How to Apply 
 Please apply at:  www.viget.com/careers/php-cms-developer/ 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Viget 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  United States 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   703-891-0670 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   viget.com 
 __  Posted January 13, 2021 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
