Skip to content 
 Search 
 
 Grover Arnett Attorney Blog 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 
 The Long Career of Grover Arnett, Personal Injury Attorney Has Helped Clients 
 One reason for  Grover Arnett 's success has to be his education. After he earned his law degree from Northern Kentucky University and passed the state bar exam, he started practicing in 1989 and formed his own firm a couple years later. He also spent five years in the late 1990s as the Magoffin County Attorney, where he developed an exceptional reputation, based on a 95 percent conviction rate for DUI offenses, and as part of the team that engineered the largest drug conviction in the county's history. 
 With so much experience on both sides of the legal field,  Grover Arnett  is an excellent partner to help you through your legal troubles. Ever since Grover Arnett established his own law firm, he has worked hard to build it into something special. He and the firm have built a great reputation as an advocate for his clients. The firm practices primarily in personal injury, especially car accident and wrongful death cases. However, they also excel with Social Security Disability claims and the firm is among the Top 10 in the state for workers' compensation law. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 
 Posts 
 
 
 admin 
 
 
 January 24, 2019February 6, 2019 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 Attorney Grover Arnett Can See All Sides of Most Cases 
 Grover Arnett’s “Both Sides” Perspective Helps Clients 
 Pages 
 
 About Grover Arnett 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Grover Arnett’s “Both Sides” Perspective Helps Clients 
 The Long Career of Grover Arnett, Personal Injury Attorney Has Helped Clients 
 Attorney Grover Arnett Can See All Sides of Most Cases 
 Fighter and Giver - Grover Arnett 
 Grover Arnett Law Firm Helps Kentuckians Recover 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
