the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts' Category 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 
 ﻿While most career advice focuses on how to succeed, we can all learn valuable lessons by dissecting career failure as well. Workplace experts offer insights into some of the top ways workers undermine their own careers and jeopardize their career development. 
** 
1. Not Taking Your Education Seriously** 
 If you party too much in college and end up with a  run-of-the-mill 2.5 GPA , you’ll be passed over for the best entry-level jobs, says New York City-based executive recruiter and coach Brian Drum of Drum Associates. Not finishing your master’s degree is another way to hurt your career development goals, adds Anne Angerman, a career coach with Denver-based Career Matters. 
 2. Not Having a Plan 
 In the current poor job market, you may have defaulted into a career you aren’t crazy about. That’s OK, as long as you develop career plans to get where you want to be. “Think of every job you take as a stepping-stone to your next job,” Drum advises. 
 3. Lying 
 You’ll lose professional credibility in a hurry if you lie, from  exaggerating on your resume  to getting caught fibbing on Facebook. “If someone calls in sick to work and then that evening posts a photo on Facebook of their extra day vacationing in Cabo San Lucas, that’s a big problem,” says corporate etiquette specialist Diane Gottsman of the Protocol School of Texas in San Antonio. 
 4. Sullying Your Reputation on Facebook or Twitter 
 Social media can  harm your reputation  in other ways, too. Personal posts and tweets from work -- when you’re supposed to be doing your job -- can tag you as a slacker. And the content of your posts or tweets can come back to haunt you as well -- you never know who might stumble upon those bachelor-party photos. “You need to assume that every boss and potential employer knows how to use Facebook, Twitter and MySpace, and post from the standpoint that everyone is watching even if in reality they’re not,” Gottsman says. 
 5. Not Respecting Professional Boundaries 
 Sharing TMI about your personal life with colleagues is unprofessional. “Your coworkers don’t want to hear about your fights with your husband,” Angerman says. On the other hand, if you’re ultraprivate and work with a chatty group, join the conversations occasionally so coworkers don’t resent you. 
 6. Gossiping, Slandering, Excessively Criticizing 
 If you publicly bash fellow employees, the boss, the board of directors or even your competitors, you’ll be perceived as negative at best and a troublemaker at worst. The ramifications can be broad and long term, Gottsman says. “Industries are tight,” she says. “You don’t want to be the one who started that rumor about the head of your industry.” As far as bad-mouthing competitors -- what if your company merges with a competitor, or you want to work for one someday? 
 7. Carrying on an Inappropriate Relationship with Your Boss 
 Never a good idea, but an especially bad one if your boss is married. “When you get involved in a drama or in something unethical that can be brought out in the open, you’re asking for trouble,” Gottsman says. 
 8. Not Controlling Your Alcohol Intake or Libido 
 Getting drunk at the office party or on a business trip damages your credibility. Ditto a romantic, ahem, “indiscretion” that your colleagues know about. 
** 
9. Job-Hopping Just for the Money** 
 Job-hopping  -- in moderation -- may not automatically disqualify you from a position. “But it gets to the point -- like if you have seven or eight jobs by the time you’re 35 -- that employers are not going to want to invest in you,” Drum says. Also, if you have leadership aspirations, keep in mind that the top dogs of many large corporations have been with those organizations for long periods, he says. Additionally, many companies have “last in, first out” layoff policies, which could leave you out of a job if you never stick around long enough to build tenure anywhere. 
 10. Losing Touch with References 
You’ll kick yourself later if you leave a job without collecting personal contact information from colleagues who can serve as  professional references  for you in the future. “If you were forced to leave a job and you can’t ask your boss for a reference, hopefully you’ve built up some rapport with a colleague and can ask them,” Angerman says. 
 11. Leaving a Job on Bad Terms 
 Don’t become a lame duck when you’ve got one foot out the door, Drum says. “The employer only remembers about the last five minutes you were there,” he says. Give  proper notice  and don’t leave a mess behind. And by all means, do not make a  huge dramatic production  of it when you quit, complete with cursing, slandering and throwing things, Gottsman advises. “It’s very difficult to get another job when you’ve left destruction in your wake,” she says. 
 
 By  Megan Malugani, Monster Contributing Writer 
 Category: 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career ,  Business Mistakes ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Change Mistakes to Avoid ,  Career Plannig ,  Job Strategies 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Why not? According to career coaches and experts, there are several common mistakes that job hunters make over and over, often unknowingly, that prevent them from getting the jobs they want. Below are four of the mistakes most often made by job applicants. To be successful in your search, make sure you're avoiding them. 
 1. You don 't prepare for the interview (or you prepare inadequately).  "In a competitive market, you can't afford to wing it," says Roy Cohen, a career coach and the author of "The Wall Street Professional's Survival Guide." "That means rigorously  researching the company , the position, and any relevant information that will provide context for the  interview . You also need to consider why you want the position, what qualifies you, and how the company will benefit. [The] bottom line [is that] it's about being smarter and better qualified, even against candidates who have  more experience than you ." 
 2. You don 't follow up-or you follow up ineffectively.  "The devil is in the details," Cohen says. "If [a hiring manager] has two equally qualified candidates, who gets the offer? The candidate who follows up thoughtfully. That candidate conveys gratitude for the opportunity to interview, an awareness of the issues and challenges facing the organization and the hiring manager, and some insight into how to address these issues and challenges. It's not just a perfunctory 'thank you.' That's a start, but it's never enough." 
 Anne Angerman, a career coach and president of Career Matters, recommends sending a thank-you email immediately after the interview and then following up with a handwritten note. Try to convey not just your gratitude but also your understanding of the position and what you could bring to it. 
 3. You don 't exhibit a confident image.  Rather than appearing nervous or unsure of yourself, you want to appear enthusiastic and confident. "Practice your interview with a friend or tape-record yourself in advance," Angerman says. "Practice articulating short, concise answers and smiling. Exude enthusiasm and confidence; look great! Memorize a few stories [about times when] you have made a change in your company. Talk about ideas you have for your position." While appearing confident is a must, don't overdo it: Nobody wants to hire an egotistical maniac. 
 4. You make assumptions.  Some job candidates assume they have the job "in the bag" just because the interview went well, Cohen says. Others assume they don't have a chance because they haven't heard back after a certain number of days or weeks. Instead of making assumptions about the process, "you need to manage every step in the process, from initial contact to offer," Cohen adds. "At any point, it can break down. When you take your eye off the ball, you lose the potential to intervene quickly and objectively. Nothing less than flawless execution is acceptable." And if you haven't heard back, "never, ever read into radio silence," he says. "Find a reason to stay in touch." 
 
 By  Nancy Mann Jackson 
 
 Well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 Business Mistakes ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Change Mistakes to Avoid ,  Employment ,  Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Top 10 reasons employers want to hire you 
 When you apply for a job, you know exactly what you're looking for. You want a company you love, great co-workers, a decent salary, a culture where you fit in and, most importantly, you want to love what you'll be doing. 
 But do you ever consider what the employer is looking for in its employees? 
 These days, competition is steep among job seekers; it's important to know what employers want in an employee before going into an interview so candidates can sell how they would be an asset to the company. 
 "If the candidate doesn't know what the employer is looking for, [he or she] can't properly communicate why they are the most qualified candidate for the position," said Steven Rothberg, founder of  CollegeRecruiter.com.  "Understanding what the employer is looking for ahead of the interview is so that the candidate can be sure to communicate all of the information that is likely to be most relevant to the employer." 
 In a 2009 survey from CareerBuilder and Robert Half International, employers said that aside from having the basic job qualifications, multitasking (36 percent), initiative (31 percent) and creative thinking (21 percent) are the most important characteristics in a job applicant. 
 We asked six workplace experts to address 10 of the most common reasons employers hire employees, in no particular order. Hopefully, they can help you prepare to land your next job. 
 1. Long-term potential 
Why it's important:  Employees want to see their future within a company so they are motivated and excited about their career path, the company's future and their role in it, says Celia Santana, president of Personal Risk Management Solutions. 
 From the employer perspective, you want people in your organization to work their way up. It is best to have someone who is multidimensional and can grow with the company. 
** 
Tip:** "Give a real-life example or ask questions that demonstrate that you have thought about this," Santana says. "For example, you can ask a question like, 'What type of career movement do you envision for the most successful candidate in this role? Are there any current examples within your company?'" 
 **2. Ability to work well with others 
Why it's important:  "We spend a lot of time at work; there is nothing worse than someone who cannot get along with others," Santana says. "[It's] so important and involves being helpful, understanding the unwritten rules, being respectful, reliable and competent." 
** 
Tip:  "Tell a story," Santana suggests. For example, "I was interviewing someone for a job and asked about a situation where he had experienced a challenging situation at work. He told me about a situation where the company had a major deadline and needed all hands on deck. He was able to pause what he was working on and pitch in, working late hours to help the team meet the deadline." 
 3. Ability to make money 
Why it's important:  Hiring managers want people who can prove that they will increase the organization's revenues or decrease its costs, Rothberg says. 
 "During a recession, revenues are difficult for organizations to generate and employers have typically already cut their costs about as much as they can. Their emphasis is on increasing their revenues." 
 Tip:  "Employers love metrics. The more you can quantify your work, the better," Rothberg said. Some positions are easier to quantify than others, but it can be done. "If you're a filing clerk, estimate how many minutes a day your work has saved your previous employers by looking at how much faster it is for people to access the information they need," he said. 
 **4. Impressive résumé 
Why it's important: **"A résumé is a person's billboard; a reflection of the applicant in the eyes of the reader," said Jay Meschke, president of EFL Associates. "First impressions are lasting ones and a résumé is often the vehicle to either make a good impression or a poor one." 
 Tip:  "Make sure several people review the résumé for content, style and accuracy. Use a co-worker that might have a dose of skepticism in their gene pool to receive the most constructive criticism. If a person has no comments, try another, and another, to obtain the collective wisdom of peers," Meschke said. 
 **5. Relevant work experience 
Why it's important: **"Experience levels generally allow a person to hit the ground running without a lot of hand-holding," Meschke said. "Managers do not have time to mentor and train people as in the past." 
 Tip:  "Be prepared to offer up quality references to substantiate your background and experience. Many times, references are the critical key to landing a job when the hiring decision is a close horse race," he said. 
 **6. Creative problem-solving skills 
Why it's important: **"Employers know that in business, the chessboard changes daily. As soon as we think all is fine, the economy changes or the competition makes a surprise move and the company's own strategy must change," said Mark Stevens, author of "Your Marketing Sucks" and CEO of MSCO, a global marketing firm. "A person who gets locked into a set way of doing things finds it difficult or impossible to adjust. They are a drag on the business as opposed to an asset for it." 
 Tip:  "Know how to tackle challenges and opportunities in a way no one will find in a textbook. Einstein used to approach his theories by thinking of childlike fantasies and working backwards to reality. Talk about how an approach like this is built into your DNA. You will be marketing yourself as a one-of-a-kind," Stevens said. 
 **7. Strong online presence 
Why it's important: **"Social networking has become the primary way that people communicate. But it is a double-edged sword. Employers have access to your personal life, likes and dislikes, political views, good and bad behavior. Because of that exposure and the speed at which information is distributed, it is important that you be digitally dirt-free, especially when job hunting," said Chris Laggini, vice president of human resources for DLT Solutions. 
 Tip:  "Social networking doesn't have to be negative in your job hunt; you can use it to your advantage. Old-fashioned reference checks through past employers are passé; use your [social networking] pages to accumulate references and positive praise from professional peers and college professors. Find people within the company whom you know that could put a good word in for you," Laggini said. 
 **8. Multitaskers who thrive on variety of projects 
Why it's important: **"Business today moves at supersonic speed, and effectively managing a variety of different projects simultaneously is essential," said Susan Stern, founder and president of Stern + Associates, a public relations and marketing communications agency. "If an individual demonstrates a passion for learning new things and enjoys a variety of work, chances are she is also ambitious and inquisitive -- two qualities that are critical to success and advancement." 
 Tip:  "Don't be shy about asking for additional assignments and offering to handle other aspects of a project than you might usually handle. Make it clear to your manager that you have a passion for learning new things and volunteer to take on extra work, even if it means putting in additional hours," Stern said. 
 **9. Enthusiasm and initiative 
Why it's important: **"If you show consistent enthusiasm and take initiative on the job, you can count on being noticed and rewarded. Every business looks to put their most enthusiastic people forward with important clients and customers," Stern said. 
 "By taking initiative, you convey a true team spirit and illustrate that you are not someone who simply meets the criteria of a job description, but who goes above and beyond what is required to help the business succeed." 
 Tip:  "Don't forget to say, 'Good morning' with a lilt in your voice; when you pass someone in the hall, smile and say, 'Hello,'" Stern reminded. "It's easy to clam up around top management when you are new to the business world, but showing confidence and a comfort level with people more senior to you will lead to your being considered for more challenging work." 
 10. Good cultural fit 
 Why it 's important:  Recruiters are pressured to find the right match for a company; applicants are under pressure to creatively differentiate themselves and demonstrate a desire to succeed, said Jenny Floren, founder and CEO of Experience Inc., an online recruiting community. "Hiring managers are particularly interested in how a candidate is going to adapt to their unique organizational culture." 
 Tip:  "Look for different ways, a personal blog or Twitter, to deliver your message about what makes you a great cultural fit. Find ways to incorporate specific examples that illustrate the cultural competencies they are looking for, like flexibility, leadership or teamwork, as this will help employers understand you're serious and excited about the position," Floren said. 
 By  Rachel Zupek , CareerBuilder.com 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Job Offer Sound Too Good? 10 Tips on How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 While the Internet and online job boards have revolutionized the job-hunting process for millions of job seekers and employers, these developments also brought with them an increase in unscrupulous individuals and companies out to scam unsuspecting people who are simply looking for a better job. 
 There are thousands and thousands of stories of job-seekers receiving emails from job scammers after posting their resumes (and contact information) on one or more job boards. While it is certainly every job board's responsibility to protect the privacy of the people who register their information and many have not done so well it is also the responsibility of the job-seeker to remember the adage, "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is." 
 Certainly home-based jobs and business opportunities are one of the biggest areas in which scammers and con artists operate, but they have also been known to disguise themselves as legitimate businesses (called phishing) offering great job and employment opportunities. 
 What can job seekers do to protect themselves? Here are 10 key tips for avoiding potential job scams. While some of these tips might seem a bit extreme, it is always best to err on the side of caution especially when your personal and financial information, identity, and credit are on the line. 
 
 Never provide sensitive financial or personal information.  Do not release your social security number, bank account or PIN, PayPal, or credit card information. There is absolutely no reason why a recruiter or employer would require any such information from you. Never impart any financial information. You will eventually have to provide your social security number to an employer when you're completing a job application or employment contract but do so only after you have validated that the company is legitimate. 
 Don 't agree to have your earnings direct deposited into your bank accounts from any new or unknown employer . While direct deposit is a much more efficient method for getting paid for your services, you do not want to grant any organization access to your account until you know it is  completely legitimate and trustworthy. 
 Never agree to a wire transfer of any sort.  Any mention of a wire transfer or sending money to make more money should force an involuntary action to delete the message. No legitimate job opportunity is going to involve wire transfers. 
 Be wary of any recruiter who asks for money from you upfront in return for finding you a job or providing job leads.  Legitimate recruiters get paid by the employers for whom they place candidates -- not from the candidates. Furthermore, most of the scammers who ask you to pay for job leads will provide you if they actually do so with the same ones you could find on a search of Indeed or other job-search engine. 
 Reject job postings or emails that state that no experience or expertise is required for the position.  All legitimate job openings have some sort of job description that includes information about education, skills, and experience required to qualify for the position. 
 Carefully examine the email details of unsolicited job offers.  Emails that claim to be from a legitimate company (Coca-Cola) but then have a return email address with a general (free) email site (such as  CocaCola@gmx.com ) and not the company address (such as  SHandy@CocaCola.com ) are not to be trusted. Also carefully examine links in emails to guarantee they are linking to a legitimate Website (CocaCola.com) rather than some fake site ( http://scamsite.cocacola.com/  or  http://55.342.45.192/cocacola/ ). 
 Request more details from prospective employers who provide little or no details in their job postings or emails.  Vague promises can be very persuasive, but the truth lies in the details so request detailed information about the services they provide or the job they are hiring for. Request and review contracts carefully. Consult with a lawyer when you have serious concerns or questions. 
 Ignore postings that guarantee you a job -- especially ones that guarantee you a postal or government civil servant job.  These scammers basically provide you with information about the government exam for a large fee that you could easily find for yourself for free. 
 **Don 't be swayed by amazing testimonials or money-back guarantees. **These are simply marketing gimmicks designed to make you feel more at ease in falling for the scam. While testimonials can be real, even legitimate companies have been caught making them up. And money-back guarantees are worthless unless you have the time and money to sue if you can even find the scammers to do so. 
 Harness the power of the Internet to research all job opportunities.  Do a background check of the prospective employer with the  Better Business Bureau ,  Federal Trade Commission , and  Internet Fraud Complaint Center . 
 
 Final Thoughts 
Remember to think twice or more before responding to any job posting or email that promises you easy money. While home-based careers selling stuff, doing data entry, or starting your own online business are the most prominent scams, be wary of unsolicited offers from what appears on the surface as a legitimate company or organization. 
 Your best job and business opportunities are almost always going to come from someone you know or someone who knows someone you know that's the power of networking. You aren't guaranteed a fantastic job or income using networking to track down job leads but it's the most effective tool in a job-seeker's toolbox. 
 Finally, if you think you may have already fallen victim to a job scam, immediately contact your bank and credit card companies as well as the major credit reporting agencies so that you can protect your identity and salvage your financial credit. (See also the  Identity Theft Resource Center , a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing identity theft.) 
 Additional Job Scam/Work Scheme/Employment Con Links 
Here are some additional resources dealing with job scams and work schemes: 
 
 Avoiding Online Job Scams , from the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. 
 Privacy Tips for Online Job-Seekers , from PrivacyRights.org. 
 Job Scams , from the Federal Trade Commission. 
 Beware of Job-Hunting Scams and Online Phishing Scams , from Microsoft. 
 Work at Home Scams , from About.com's Alison Doyle. 
 Critical Tips for Job Seekers to Avoid Payment Forwarding Scams , from the World Privacy Forum. 
 Scams & Schemes in Work and Employment Services , some useful links from the Riley Guide. 
 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Follow Up All Job Leads: Don't Wait by the Phone (or Computer) 
 Does this scenario sound familiar? You're in the market for a new job, and after conducting all your research, you send out 20 cover letters and resumes to potential hiring managers. Weeks go by and you wonder why not even one of those hiring managers has called you for an interview. Is the problem too obvious? It must not be for situations like this one are the most common we hear about when job-seekers ask our advice about their situation. 
 If you remember nothing else from this article, please remember these words if you want to succeed in finding a new job: follow up, follow up, follow up. Following up job leads shows prospective employers your interest in the company and position and gives you another chance to sell your qualifications. Some job-seekers fear sounding desperate or annoying when making follow-up inquiries, but as long as you do it right, you will come across as interested, not desperate. 
 Determining Best Method of Follow-Up 
How you follow-up your job leads depends partly on how you initially contacted the employer, as well as your own personal preferences. For job-seekers who simply hate talking on the phone, e-mail may be the best (or at least initial) method of follow-up, but for people who are natural extroverts, the phone may be the best way to showcase your personality. 
 But, don't waste time debating the method you choose. The important lesson here is that job-seekers need to be aggressive in following up all job leads because employers are not going to call you when hundreds and thousands of other job-seekers are applying for the same position. Choose a follow-up method, review the follow-up tips listed below, and get moving toward a more successful job-search! 
 Tips for Following-Up 
Here are some useful guidelines to consider before you follow-up with prospective employers. 
 General Tips: 
 
 Always make time to follow-up all job leads, no matter how busy you are. 
 Follow-up in a timely fashion usually a week to 10 days for conventional job-searching, sooner for online applications. 
 Create a job leads log, so you have a record of your job-search and follow-up. 
 If you apply online for a position, consider following-up the online application with a cover letter and resume sent to the hiring manager via postal mail. You will stand out over the other online applicants because few will also send a hard copy. 
 Keep your follow-up brief, to the point, and professional. 
 Focus your follow-up around your fit with the position and organization and your USP. You might also ask the hiring manager if he/she needs any further information not included in your original application. 
 If you recently completed training, received an award, or earned some other recognition that would make you an even better candidate for the position, be sure to mention it in your follow-up. 
 Continue following-up regularly, but don't overdo it. 
 
 By Phone: 
 
 If you are nervous, consider developing a short script about what you want to say (such as your fit with the job, knowledge of the company, USP). 
 No matter what, you should at least make an outline or some notes of the key points you want to make. 
 Keep a copy of your resume nearby in case you need to refer to something on it. 
 Make the phone call from a place where you can talk calmly and not have distractions - and avoid following up from your current place of employment. 
 Be prepared for a short screening phone interview by practicing answers to common interview questions.  Use our interviewing resources . 
 End the conversation thanking the hiring manager for his/her time and asking about the hiring timetable/next steps. If you are extremely confident, you could ask when you might expect an interview. 
 
 By E-mail: 
 
 Always address your email to the hiring manager. If you are having difficulty finding hiring managers, read this article:  Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers Is Key to Job-Search Follow-up . 
 Keep your email short and to the point. Simply again state your interest in the job and your key qualifications for it. 
 Be sure to spell-check and proofread your e-mail before sending it. 
 Remember to check your email regularly. 
 Because e-mail is such a one-way communication, and you don't really know if your e-mail is even being read, consider asking for a phone number so you can then follow-up by phone. (And if you get no response, do your research and uncover the phone number yourself.) 
 
 Final Thoughts 
You may get discouraged if you discover through following up that you are not a final candidate for a position, but isn't knowing that information sooner rather than later better in terms of moving forward with your job-search? And don't let a rejection stop you; in fact, if you are told you will not be one of the job-seekers interviewed, consider asking why so that you can improve your chances for other job openings. And if you have a good rapport with the hiring manager, you could also ask about the possibility of an informational interview, possibly turning that person into a valuable networking contact and source of future job leads. You could also say that you would like to be considered for future openings. 
 Finally, please keep repeating these words at your mantra: follow-up, follow-up, follow-up. It truly is one of the keys to job-search success. 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 --------------------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Building Your Career Portfolio ,  Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Plannig ,  Interview Questions ,  Job Leads ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Fantastic Formulas for Composing Elevator Speeches 
 While many Elevator Speeches are written by sales reps to pitch products and services, the formulas from which the speeches derive can be easily adapted to situations in which the product is you, the job-seeker. This roundup of formulas suggested by experts should provide food for thought for the method that works best for you in planning and outlining your Elevator Speech. 
 For example,  Certified Professional Virtual Assistant Jean Hanson  suggests this formula: 
 
 Who am I? (introduce yourself) 
 What business am I in? 
 What group of people do I service? (be specific -- do you have a niche?) 
 What is my USP (Unique Selling Proposition)? What makes me different from the competition? 
 What benefits do my customers derive from my services? 
 
 Here's how it could be adapted for a job-seeker: 
 
 Who am I? (introduce yourself) --  No change 
 What business am I in? --  What field or industry am I in? 
 What group of people do I service? (be specific -- do you have a niche?) --  What position am I in? In what capacity do I serve? 
 What is my USP (Unique Selling Proposition)? What makes me different from the competition? --  No change 
 What benefits do my customers derive from my services? --  What benefits can employers derive from skills, based on my proven accomplishments? 
 
 Hanson says that in a selling situation, the listener's unspoken question is "Why should I do business 
 with you?" -- **Similarly, in a job-hunting situation, the listener 's tacit question may be "Why should I (or any employer) hire you?" ** 
 Next is a variation on Hanson's formula adapted from  Randy W. Dipner Meeting the Challenge, Inc. , along with our illustration  (in boldface  ) of how it can be adapted for a job-seeker: 
 List target customers. Group them and ultimately define THE customer. --  List target employers. Group them and ultimately define THE employer. 
 Define the need or opportunity. That is, what critical issue does the customer face? --  What need or issue does the employer face? 
 Name the product or service or concept. --  Introduce yourself. 
 Place the product, service, or concept into a generally understood category. --  Identify yourself in terms of a job function or contribution. What do you do? 
 List the benefits -- not the features -- of the product, service, or concept provides to the customer. Group or prioritize the benefits to identify the single benefit that is the most compelling reason for the customer to buy the product, service, or concept. To the maximum extent possible, the benefit should be quantified. -- **List the benefits -- not the features -- that you provide to the employer. Group or prioritize the benefits to identify the single benefit that is the most compelling reason for the employer to hire you. To the maximum extent possible, the benefit should be quantified. ** 
 Develop a statement of the primary differentiation of the product, service, or concept. The differentiation is the single most important thing that sets your product, service, or concept apart from the competition or state of the art. --  Develop a statement of the primary differentiation of yourself. The differentiation is the single most important thing that sets you apart from the competition. 
 Tony Jeary , author of Life Is A Series Of Presentations, offers this Elevator Speech formula: 
 
 Define your audience universe. 
 Define your content or subject matter. 
 Define your objective. 
 Define your desired image or style. 
 Define your key message. 
 
 A formula that probably has more components than the average job-seeker will want to use is offered by the UK-based  Adding Value Masterclass  and adapted here: 
 
 Pain -- Paint a graphic picture of the "pain" or problems that the employer is experiencing. 
 Credibility -- Your qualifications for solving the problem. 
 Solution -- Specifically hint at how you can provide a solution (but don't give away the farm before you have the job). 
 Gain -- Explain the benefits the employer will experience. 
 Impact -- illustrate the difference those benefits will make in the organization. 
 Emotion -- Describe how the benefits will make the employer feel. 
 Prove -- Provide evidence that support your claims through examples or stories. 
 Money -- Job-seekers should probably skip this step. 
 Risk -- Remove any remaining doubts they may have by removing the risk. 
 Close -- Reiterate the key points and ask for an interview or other appropriate next step. 
 
 Author, speaker, and consultant  Marisa D'Vari  suggests starting the Elevator Speech process by writing down three key points about your product (you, in this case) and discussing how these points will benefit the listener. 
 The business school at Pepperdine University  suggests knowing your audience and knowing yourself, including key strengths, adjectives that describe you, a description of what you are trying to let others know about you, and a statement of your interest in the company or industry the person represents. Armed with that knowledge, the job-seeker can then outline the Elevator Speech using these questions: 
 
 Who am I? 
 What do I offer? 
 What problem is solved? 
 What are the main contributions I can make? 
 What should the listener do as a result of hearing this? 
 
 The School of Management at George Mason University offers some particularly good  Elevator Speech examples  for college students. See also  Elevator speech: who, what, why in 30 seconds , (found when your scroll to page 2) adapted from career author Donald Asher, that's especially good for college students in networking situations. 
 You'll notice that one thing nearly all the experts have in common is their espousal of the importance of stressing your benefit to the listener and touching on how you're better than the competition. This principle encompasses many names -- Unique Selling Proposition, value proposition, benefit statement, competitive advantage, deliverables, differentiation -- but the bottom line is the same. What can you bring to the employer, and how can you do it better than anyone else? 
 Finally, the most unusual Elevator Speech formula we came across was from a blogger who calls herself "Qureus" and suggests  integrating astrology into one's elevator speech . 
 by  Katharine Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Elevator Speeches ,  Employment ,  Formula for Finding ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 15 Myths and Misconceptions About Job-Hunting 
 How much of a job-hunting expert are you? Read over these 15 myths and misconceptions about job-hunting and see how many of them you believed in and how many you knew were incorrect. Once you know the truths about job-hunting, you should have more job search success and less stress. 
 Myth 1: Registering at Several Internet Job Boards Will Result in Multiple Job Offers 
One of the most prevalent misconceptions in job-hunting is that job-hunting on the Web is some magic elixir that will result in employers lining up to interview you. While job-hunting on the Web should be one component of a job search for most job-seekers, it should not be viewed as having any higher success rates than applying to help-wanted ads in the newspaper or trade magazines. Only about 5 percent of job-seekers obtain jobs through ads. 
 Myth 2: Want Ads and Other Job Postings Represent the Majority of Jobs Available 
At the very most and some say this number is too high only about 15-20 percent of all available jobs are ever publicly advertised in any medium. The vast majority of job openings are part of the "hidden" or "closed" job market. And the higher the position and salary, the less likely the position will be advertised at all. How can job-seekers discover these jobs? Through networking. Networking is by far the most effective job search tool you can use. Networking is all about building relationships with people who can help you in your job search; it doesn't mean that you need to ask everyone you know if they have a job for you. 
 Myth 3: Job-Seekers Who Change Jobs Often are Frowned Upon by Employers 
The notion of "job-hoppers," those job-seekers who had multiple jobs with short stays listed on their resumes, has been disappearing for years. Ever since the great "downsizing" and "rightsizing" of companies during the 1980s and 1990s, employers have recognized that there rarely is any logical progression or corporate ladder within any one company anymore. To get ahead and gain new skill sets, job-seekers often need to make multiple moves. Avoid really short stints under a year but otherwise don't be too concerned with moving around. And if you are concerned, focus on your transferable skills with a functional rather than chronological resume. 
 Myth 4: A Cover Letter is Not as Important as Other Job-Hunting Materials 
Every time you apply for a job, you should send a cover letter written specifically for the position and company you are applying to. The only exception to this rule is when the employer explicitly states that it does not want a cover letter. A cover letter, also known as a letter of introduction or letter of application, must be an integral part of your job-search strategy. A resume is useless to an employer if s/he doesn't know what kind of job you are seeking. A cover letter tells the employer exactly what job you are seeking and how you are uniquely qualified for that position. 
** 
Myth 5: A Resume Must Show a Logical Progression of Jobs and Increased Responsibility** 
The most important part of a resume is showing that you have the skills, education (or training), and experience that the employer seeks. Most employers will spend less than 20 seconds reviewing your resume, which means you need to focus on the key components of your resume that will result in getting a job interview. 
 Myth 6: As Long as You 're Sending out Cover Letters and Resumes, You'll Get Interviews 
Maybe in the tightest of job markets, or maybe if you are only applying to specific positions for which you are perfectly qualified, will this kind of passive job-search strategy produce any job interviews. Job-seekers must be proactive in your job search. You must follow-up every job lead. Call employers and request an interview. If you are under-qualified for a position or changing careers, request an interview anyway. You may not be qualified for that specific position, but the employer may have other openings (or know of other openings). 
 Myth 7: Lowering Your Salary Demands Will Make You a More Attractive Job Candidate 
Job-seekers should never lower reasonable salary demands because doing so will just make you appear desperate for the job and will likely result in your not getting the job offer. And even if you got the offer and accepted it, you would most likely never be happy in your job or with your employer because you would feel you were cheated out of the salary you deserved. As long as your salary demands are within acceptable range for the job you're seeking as well as the industry and location of the employer, stick to them. And never be the first to bring up salary; let the employer raise the issue. 
 Myth 8: If You Can 't Schedule Job Interviews Between 9 am and 5 pm You're Out of Luck 
While it's certainly true that a majority of job interviews are conducted during traditional business hours, employers will certainly find time during “off-hours” to interview desirable job-seekers. And it's often better to interview during these times because there are fewer distractions. 
** 
Myth 9: The Most Qualified Job-Seekers Get the Best Jobs** 
Probably the biggest misconception about interviewing, it is not always the best qualified person who gets the job, but the job-seeker with the best mix of qualifications, interviewing skills, and rapport with his or her interviewer(s). So, don't be too cocky if you feel you are the most qualified person for the job and don't be too discouraged if you don't feel you exactly match up with the job. If you get a job interview, it's because the employer thinks there is a strong enough match of your skills, education, and experience to do the job and at the interview, you need to prove why you are the best person to fill the job. 
 Myth 10: Headhunters and Executive Recruiters Have Your Best Interests at Heart 
Headhunters and executive recruiters get paid by the companies that hire them to fill their open positions, so where exactly is their loyalty? With their client companies, of course. Recruiters will not market job-seekers to companies; instead, they try to fit job-seekers into well-defined positions with the companies that employ their services. 
 Myth 11: Changing Careers is Nearly Impossible 
As the workplace continues to change and evolve, more and more people will change careers in their lifetimes and many will change careers multiple times. As long as you have a plan and do your best to stick with it, you should be able to switch careers. That said, switching careers is not easy. It takes much effort to switch careers and may involve getting more education (or training), getting experience in the new career field, and focusing on how the skills you currently possess transfer to the new career field. 
** 
Myth 12: Job-Seekers Should Not Have to Sell Themselves to Employers** 
For better or worse, job-hunting is all about marketing yourself to employers which often means using some key selling skills to close the deal and get the job offer. You are the product, and you need to show the employer why you are the best product for the job. In today's job-hunting environment, the most successful job-seekers are those who understand the value of marketing and apply to themselves those principles that companies have used for years to successfully sell their products. 
** 
Myth 13: If You 're Over 50, You Will Have a Hard Time Finding a Job** 
The baby boomers (those born between 1946 and 1964) are completely redefining the meaning of age and older works, and thus older workers should theoretically have a lot fewer problems finding new jobs than in the past. The critical issues are whether you have the skills, education, and experience that the employer seeks and whether all those are current. You also have to have the proper attitude that you are a team player, not a seasoned professional who knows all the answers and is unwilling to change. And, of course, if you are employed in an industry that focuses more on youth, then it may still be harder for you to find a new job. 
 Myth 14: It Takes One Month of Job Searching for Every $10,000 of Current Salary 
No one seems to know where this calculation comes from and no one has ever substantiated it. The fact is that every job search is different. And external factors such as the economy and demand for your particular set of skills and experiences will impact your search time. Noted career expert Richard Bolles (of What Color is Your Parachute?) states in a Q&A we conducted with him: “I think people adopt unrealistic guesstimates about how long their job hunt is going to take. We should expect that our job-hunt may take months, but if we persevere, we will find a job.” 
** 
Myth 15: When Times are Tough, Take the First Job Offer You Get** 
In all my years of experience, the one truth is that job-hunting is streaky. You'll have weeks where you interview for positions and you are sure you'll get an offer and no offer ever comes, and then there will be weeks when you get multiple interviews and perhaps multiple offers. Should you take the first job offer that comes along? Only if you are sure that the job and the compensation represent the right career move. If not, a better offer will come along and as long as you are not about to lose your house or suffer other financial or emotional consequences, you should hold out for the job offer that best fits the direction you want to move in. 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 --------------------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 9 Secrets to Getting the Job You Really Want 
 Interviewing for a job is a very stressful and difficult process made more intense today because so many companies are reducing their workforce, thus increasing the number of applicants for a shrinking number of jobs. The competition for available jobs is fierce. Yet, you can beat the competition and actually get hired in the job you really want. Here are nine secrets to consider. 
 1. Discover what you really want out of your work and life.  Discover your true passions, desires, beliefs, and talents so that you can paint a picture of your true work and life goals, from your own perspective. 
 2. Develop and define the job you really want.  That's right! Design and define the job that will allow you to fulfill your passions, desires, and beliefs and maximize your talents. What you are doing is building your ideal job around what you want as opposed to looking at job opportunities that come along to evaluate. Believe it or not, your ideal job actually exits in more than one way and within the personal parameters you set. 
 3. Find out what companies have positions that meet your ideal position requirements.  Look at and research all of the possible companies within the geographical area you designated to discover what positions within these companies you would want. Do not worry about whether they have job vacancies or are in a hiring mode. 
 4. Evaluate the companies that have your desired jobs.  Make sure you would want to work for the companies that have your ideal jobs. They need to have integrity and treat their employees and customers in the manner you would want to be treated. Determine whether they operate in an industry that you want to work in. 
 5. Research the companies you selected.  Once again, do not be put off or discouraged if the companies are not hiring. Why? Because companies are always looking for the right employees and will have to eventually hire new employees to survive. Determine who actually makes hiring decisions, and what is important to them. Many companies disguise this information through HR departments or hiring committees. If possible, try to find out how you can contact hiring decision-makers directly. Get their e-mail addresses, direct telephone numbers, or find someone in the company who can be a liaison for you. 
 6. Contact the decision-makers and tell them you want to work for them in the specific jobs you chose.  Express your enthusiasm for that specific job or jobs. The fewer jobs you designate the better. You want them to know you can be trusted by truthfully exposing your commitment to seeking your dream job, even though they may not have an opening. You are, in essence, recruiting them to work in your dream job. Let them know that you will be very productive because you will excel at the job, and also that you will be a very grateful and energetic employee because you are doing what you love. You are not just asking for a job so they will pay you, but you have targeted a specific job at that company, and you are committed to contributing in that position. 
 7. Ask them if there are any special skills or qualifications you will need to be accepted in the position.  If you do not have the sought-after skills and qualifications for the job, either find a way to get them beforehand or see if you can attain them within the company as an employee. This approach directs attention to what the employer wants and away from your resume compared to others' resumes. It will also show them your commitment to attaining that job. Stay in contact to alert employers of your new skills, qualifications, and continued interest. 
 8. If necessary, be willing to take an interim job.  This way you can work on the required skills and qualifications, and you can obtain an income while you prepare for the job. You will also be in a better position to take your dream job when it becomes available. 
 9.   Get support from somebody during the process.  Some of the secret steps discussed above will probably appear to be daunting to you, which is to be expected. Enlist the help of another person to discuss all of the above steps and to map out the best strategy to get your ideal job. This person should be a trusted and strong supporter of your goal, as well as someone who will offer you another perspective to assist in the execution of your plan. Getting your ideal job is an extremely important objective, and it is worth enlisting the help of someone to actually get it. 
 Final Thoughts 
Employers constantly face the problem of finding and surrounding themselves with the right employees who want to work for them, whom they can trust, and who will be very productive with the least amount of supervision. You will definitely get their attention, when you recruit employers for the specific job you chose, because of your honesty, your commitment, your enthusiasm, and your desire to produce for them. In fact, you may even appear to be too good to be true. Many times the people who are filling the jobs that you want are not happy in the position. They are not producing or are causing other problems for the employers. Your request for employment for these specific jobs will give employers an option that they only dream about. 
 by Bill Dueease 
 
 Special Tips 4 u 
Free Computer Tips n Tricks for Hardware | Networking | Certifications | Internet | Electronics etc. 
 http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Plannig ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Converting Your Seasonal Job to a Permanent Position: Tips for Success 
 Benefits to working seasonal and holiday jobs include the extra income and store discounts you may receive. Even more beneficial is that if you have an interest, you can also set yourself up as a prime candidate for converting that part-time job into a full-time position. 
 Seasonal and holiday work is a lot like temp work in that it's a great opportunity for job-seekers to get a foot in the door. Yes, most holiday workers are hired with the promise of working only for a certain amount of time. By making a name for yourself during those short months you are on the job, you may be able to turn that holiday position into something permanent. 
 What are some tips for making a name for yourself? 
 
 Be dependable.  Know your schedule and always show up on time. Tell your supervisor that you are available in a pinch if there's a need. Retail managers are constantly struggling to find reliable workers, so as long as you are dependable, this tip should be an easy one to master. 
 Do the work.  Show that you are not just working the job to make some holiday cash, but instead there to help the company. Workers who are just putting in their "time," are easy to spot and managers know who those folks are. Instead, show your value by always trying to go above and beyond what is asked of you. 
 Network within the company.  Get to know all the managers -- and make sure they know your strengths. The more managers who know who you are and what you're capable of will give you multiple opportunities to shine and land one or more permanent openings. 
 Look the part.  Companies like Abercrombie even admit to hiring people who look like their customers (like they belong at the store). Even if you wear a vest or coat, or some other type of uniform, if you are dealing with customers, you should always try to look and dress your best. Good grooming and hygiene are essential. 
 Be the problem-solver.  Whenever there is a problem that needs to be resolved, volunteer to help solve the problem. Managers love workers who are not only self-sufficient, but who think proactively, taking care of little problems before they become major catastrophes. 
 Avoid the grapevine.  Spending too much time gossiping about fellow co-workers is one of the sure ways to make a name for yourself in the totally WRONG way. Now, this tip doesn't mean you should not be friendly; quite the opposite. You should be friendly with all co-workers (as well as customers) just stay away from talking about other people. 
 Don 't overdo the employee discount.  Sure, the discount is there for you to use and it's a great win-win to have the extra income AND get a discount, just don't go crazy with it. Share the discount with your family members, but don't have the whole neighborhood coming to the store to get your discount. 
 Express your interest.  There is certainly no harm to talking with all the managers once you've established some rapport with them that you are interested in a full-time position should one become available. 
 
 Final Thoughts 
If a career in retail is something that interests you, a great way to get a foot in the door is through seasonal employment. If you avoid the pitfalls and focus on showcasing your enthusiasm, accomplishing as much as you can while on the seasonal payroll, you can slowly position yourself for a permanent slot with the company. 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 --------------------------------------------- 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Build a More Meaningful Career 
 11,000 days. That's the number of days you'll probably work over your lifetime. You'll likely have six or seven career changes and 11 or 12 jobs in total. You may be wondering if you need a change now. 
 30 million people go to work each day to a job they hate. The harmful feelings permeate their entire life, putting a negative cloud over the home, their friends and many of their other activities. They may lack the know-how to change, may be afraid of leaving the security of a paycheck, or have a hundred excuses for why it's okay to be so dissatisfied and stay at their job. 
 There is a better way to live your life. Meaningful purpose is a driving force that adds enthusiasm to your days. Taking a passion and making it your career, living a dream can be not just a wish, but a true and certain reality. Here are a few steps to get the new career rolling: 
 Do some self-analysis.  Ask yourself What really matters to me? What problem or wrong would I like to fix? What do I enjoy? Where are my interests and hobbies? What are my priorities? What is my secret passion? What do I want to do with the rest of my life? Reviewing these questions can give you new insight to where you want to go. 
 Use your unique genius and talents.  Every person is born with a unique set of natural abilities. Talents, such as managing, creating, researching, training others, drawing, can all seem like easy work because you have a natural flair for them. True happiness comes from combining your natural talents, developing and excelling in them, and working in a field, job, industry that you have a passionate interest in. 
 Others have done it and so can you.  Sometimes it's easy to forget that we can change if we really want to. Although she was a prominent lawyer, my client Sarah was dissatisfied in her work, and glad to take a few years off to have two children. She told me she hated “practicing law.” She found it boring, yet she felt enormous guilt at abandoning a career she spent years training for and made great money in. We worked together, focusing on her real interests and natural talents. Sarah landed a terrific new job as an executive director for a nonprofit organization. She leads others, influences policies, develops programs, and is a very happy person. “I even make a great salary, but I love my job so much, I'd do this for free,” she said. 
 Make a decision.  Many people flounder for years and never turn their dreams into reality. They let themselves remain in a negative or stuck place. Only action can change your life. Read a book. Take vocational tests. Use a good career-management professional. Do some career exploration and gather all the information you need. Then make a decision and go forward. Outline the action steps to reach your career goal. The only thing at stake is your happiness. Finding meaning, passion and purpose every day you go to work is the wonderful reward, so don't wait any longer. Begin right now and set in motion your own plan to live a happier, more satisfying life. 
 by  Robin Ryan 
--------------------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts ,  Career Change ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Older Posts 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  the career guide  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
