Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Experienced French teachers at all levels 
 Q2 Academy 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Experienced French teachers are needed for teaching secondary school level French as well as lower levels. Experience teaching IB or AP French is a plus. University graduates/students who major in French are encouraged to apply as well. Since all classes are conducted online now, experienced candidates outside of GTA are also encouraged to apply. A link to your recorded online teaching class will expedite the application process. 
 Experienced teachers/coaches in other subjects such as English, math, science and international contests are also encouraged to apply from our website. 
 Q2 Academy is a tutoring institution that parents trust and students love in Richmond Hill, Markham, Thornhill, North York, Scarborough, and the rest of Greater Toronto Area. 
 Q2 Academy offers after-school tutoring classes to Grade 1 to Grade 12 students. Tutors at Q2 Academy make great impact on students’ future success through after-school training and development beyond their normal curriculum. 
 If you are a dedicated, reliable and enthusiastic individual who enjoy working with students in various grades and help them reach their fullest potential, Q2 Academy is the place you can thrive and realize your own potential as well. 
 A great candidate for Q2 Academy tutors will possess the following qualifications: 
 
 
 Post-Secondary degree; or is currently working towards it 
 
 
 OCT certification preferred 
 
 
 Strong written and oral communication skills 
 
 
 Experience in a Teaching/Tutoring environment 
 
 
 Strong motivational skills with an energetic and outgoing personality 
 
 
 Strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills 
 
 
 Experience and extensive knowledge on one or more of the following subjects: English/ESL, French, Grades JK-8 Math & Science, Grades 9-12 Math & Science (including but not limited to Advanced Functions, Calculus, Physics, Chemistry and Biology), Standardized Test Preparation Programs (TOEFL, IELTS, SAT, SSAT, AP, etc), Communication and Leadership Skills Training, Public Speaking and Debate Skills Training, Leadership Camp Organization, etc. 
 
 
 If you possess the above qualities and would like to join our energetic group and fast-growing company, please contact us at 647-224-4333 or visit www.q2academy.com/en/now-hiring/ to send your resume. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible schedule 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
For online teaching, teachers who do not reside in GTA area are also encouraged to apply. 
 Experience: 
 
 relevant teaching: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
