  
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Work USA Environmental 
 Jobs Available 
 Employers 
 Interview Tips 
 Work USA International 
 Contact Us 
 
 Select Page 
 Concrete Flatwork Finishers 
 by  Mickaela  | Jan 15, 2021 | | 
 
 Full Time 
 Lincoln, NE 
 Posted 1 week ago 
 
 Flatwork Craftsman (FC) are required to meet all laborer functions of the job.  FC must be able to set forms, understand layout, install reinforcing, and place and finish concrete. Knowledge of joint layout, and ability to saw cut slab joints.  FC is required to smooth and finish surfaces of poured concrete floors, walls, sidewalks, paving, or curbs to specified textures using hand tools or power tools, including floats, trowels, and screeds.  FC is responsible for placing and spreading concrete to specified depth and surface configuration, including curbs.  Level, smooth, and shape surfaces of freshly poured concrete, using power screed or straight edge and appropriate floating equipment.  Finish horizontal concrete surfaces, using power trowel or appropriate hand trowels. Mold expansion joints and edges, using appropriate edging tools.  Create “weakened planes” by using jointing tools and straightedge in accord with proper jointing procedures.  May produce abrasive surface, using broom or other suitable equipment or material.  Remove rough or defective spots from concrete surfaces, using power grinder, chisel, or rubbing stone and patches holes with fresh concrete or appropriate patching compound.  Finish steps, stairways, and vertical surfaces of concrete products or structural elements after forms have been removed.  Chip, scrape, rub, and grind high spots, ridges, and rough projections from surface.  Mix sand, cement, and water in specified proportions to make cement grout or slurry.  Wet surface of concrete to bond surface.  Fill holes and voids with grout and slurry and smooth surface, using trowel and other appropriate tools.  May be asked to take the lead and be responsible for a particular project.  May give direction to other workers while performing same duties as workers.  Regularly performs all tasks of other workers in group. 
 **Secondary job function is to assist  **in various “laborer” functions as business needs dictate, see below. While serving in laborer role the FC will be accountable to report to Supervisor.    Functions may include but not limited to: 
 
 Working side-by-side and performing at an advance level job functions of Field Personnel. 
 Advance field personnel technical skills to include but not limited to:
 
 Form setting 
 Carpentry skills 
 Grading 
 Installing wire mesh and rebar 
 Operating screed and knowledgeable of various screed methods 
 Layout, dimensions and slopes 
 Place and finish concrete working with hand tools, walk behind, and riding trowels 
 Saw or hand cut joints; knowledgeable of criteria for jointing 
 Curing materials/methods 
 Knowledge of materials 
 Layout using field control and documents 
 
 
 
 FC may clean and prepare sites cleaning up rubble, debris and other waste materials.  FC is responsible to assist laborers in loading and unloading of materials and equipment.  Supplies and equipment include but not limited to: form lumber, plywood, expansion joint, stakes, rebar, visqueen, Styrofoam, concrete, sand, curing compound, form release agent, nails and tapcon screws.  FC is responsible for tracking materials used;  equipment/tools and assigned resources for each project in such a manner that the highest quality work practicable is provided within the shortest time feasible with no safety violations or accidents within the established budgets. 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS (ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS): 
 Definitions: Based on 8-12 hours per day 
 Continually 70-100%     Regularly 50-70% 
 Periodically 20-50%       Rarely – less than 20% 
 
 Continually endures persistent standing and walking. 
 Rarely sitting. 
 Continually required to reach with hands and arms. 
 Continually required to speak and listen. 
 Continually required to stoop and kneel. 
 Continually spends time working outdoors and travelling in all weather conditions. 
 Regularly working in awkward positions; stooping and reaching; being exposed to dust, dirt, fumes, noise, and sludge and climbing up and down ladders and equipment. 
 Periodically lifting up to 100 lbs. 
 Regularly exposure to moving mechanical parts and chemicals, etc. Chemicals will be handled according to Company policy and Safety Data Sheets (SDS). 
 Periodically exposed to heights and ability to transfer to other divisions to work on heights. 
 Continually working with high noise levels and significant vibration associated with the equipment/tools, and jobsite environmental conditions. 
 Regularly works under pressure meeting project schedules and budget guidelines. 
 Continually work with diversified work groups and at times confronts and manages aggressive personalities. 
 Continually able to work eight (8) to ten (10) hour workdays each week and occasional weekends. 
 Continually utilize specific vision abilities required to perform the essential functions of the job, i.e., close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. 
 
 Name 
 Address 
 City 
 State 
 Zip 
 Home Phone 
 Cell Phone 
 Email address 
 Person to Notify in Case of Emergency (optional) 
 Emergency Contact Phone (optional) 
 Emergency Contact Address (optional) 
 Emergency Contact City (optional) 
 Emergency Contact State (optional) 
 Emergency Contact Zip (optional) 
 Are you a student? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Do you have use of an automobile? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Are you on a bus line? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Type of work desired? 
 Why are you seeking temporary employment? 
 Will you work as temporary? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Are you interested in permanent? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Date available to start work? 
 Select days available to work 
 M T W Th F Sat Sun 
 Day hours 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Night hours 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Overnight options 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Will you accept same day assignment? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Have you ever worked for a temporary service? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 If so, which ones? (optional) 
 Available long term? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Names & addresses of firms worked for as temporary? 
 Firm #1 (optional) 
 Firm #2 (optional) 
 Firm #3 (optional) 
 First job preference 
 Second job preference 
 Third job preference 
 Have you ever been bonded? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Have you ever been refused bonding? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Are you bondable now? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Have you ever pleaded guilty or no contest to or been convicted of a crime? 
 Choose an option Yes No Answering "yes" to this question does not constitute an automatic bar to employment. Factors such as date of the offense, seriousness and nature of the violation, rehabilitation and position applied for will be taken into account. 
 If yes, please describe (optional) 
 How were you referred? 
 Choose an option Yellow Pages Friend Newspaper Other 
 Education 
 Highest grade completed (high school) 
 Choose an option 1 2 3 4 
 Last high school attended (optional) 
 Did you graduate high school? 
 Choose an option Yes No 
 Highest grade completed (college) (optional) 
 Choose an option Choose an option 1 2 3 4 
 Last college attended / degree/ major (optional) 
 Did you graduate college? (optional) 
 Choose an option Choose an option Yes No N/A 
 Previous Employers (last position first) 
 Employer # 1: 
 Employer # 1 dates worked (from/to) 
 Employer # 1 name 
 Employer # 1 address 
 Employer # 1 phone number 
 Employer # 1 last supervisor 
 Employer # 1 type of work 
 Employer # 1 salary 
 Employer # 1 reason resigned 
 Employer # 2: 
 Employer # 2 dates worked (from/to) (optional) 
 Employer # 2 name (optional) 
 Employer # 2 address (optional) 
 Employer # 2 phone number (optional) 
 Employer # 2 last supervisor (optional) 
 Employer # 2 type of work (optional) 
 Employer # 2 salary (optional) 
 Employer # 2 reason resigned (optional) 
 Employer # 3: 
 Employer # 3 dates worked (from/to) (optional) 
 Employer # 3 name (optional) 
 Employer # 3 address (optional) 
 Employer # 3 phone number (optional) 
 Employer # 3 last supervisor (optional) 
 Employer # 3 type of work (optional) 
 Employer # 3 salary (optional) 
 Employer # 3 reason resigned (optional) 
 Employer # 4: 
 Employer # 4 dates worked (from/to) (optional) 
 Employer # 4 name (optional) 
 Employer # 4 address (optional) 
 Employer # 4 phone number (optional) 
 Employer # 4 last supervisor (optional) 
 Employer # 4 type of work (optional) 
 Employer # 4 salary (optional) 
 Employer # 4 reason resigned (optional) 
 Employer # 5: 
 Employer # 5 dates worked (from/to) (optional) 
 Employer # 5 name (optional) 
 Employer # 5 address (optional) 
 Employer # 5 phone number (optional) 
 Employer # 5 last supervisor (optional) 
 Employer # 5 type of work (optional) 
 Employer # 5 salary (optional) 
 Employer # 5 reason resigned (optional) 
 Employer # 6: 
 Employer # 6 dates worked (from/to) (optional) 
 Employer # 6 name (optional) 
 Employer # 6 address (optional) 
 Employer # 6 phone number (optional) 
 Employer # 6 last supervisor (optional) 
 Employer # 6 type of work (optional) 
 Employer # 6 salary (optional) 
 Employer # 6 reason resigned (optional) 
 Upload resume (optional) 
 Upload your CV/resume or any other relevant file. Max. file size: 20 MB. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Work USA Environmental 
 Jobs Available 
 Employers 
 Interview Tips 
 Work USA International 
 Contact Us 
 
  [ 
 
  Google  
 
