Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Indigenous Studies 2J03 - SESSIONAL FACULTY 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 NOTICE OF POSTING 
 For Sessional Faculty 
 The Indigenous Studies Program invites applications for the following teaching position to be offered in the 2020-2021 session . 
 Date of Posting: November 20th, 2020: 
 Department Contact:  Carrie McMullin, Program Administrator, Indigenous Studies 
 Course Name(s)/Number(s):  INDIGST 2J03 – Indigenous Experiential Education 
 Term :  WINTER 2021 14 week term: January 6th – April 9th, 2021 (exclusive of exam period) 
 Number of Section(s) Available:  1 Number of Units per Section: 3 
 Location (on/off campus):  ONLINE/Virtual Projected Enrollment: 30 Projected TA Support: TBD 
 * Wage Rate  :  $7555.00 as per Schedule A of the current Collective Agreement 
 Start Time and Duration:  * Tuesdays, 11:30am – 1:20pm and Thursdays 12:30 – 1:20pm ; 
 14 week term:  January 6th – April 9th, 2021 (exclusive of exam 
 period) 
 Course Description/Relevant Employment Duties:  This course will incorporate a variety of interfaces (both within and outside the classroom) in the exploration of Indigenous-based approaches to knowledge. Students will gain insight into how voice, sound, materiality and the land inform how knowledge is transmitted and understood. Three hours (lectures and seminars); one term 
 Required Qualifications:  Prior post-secondary teaching experience 
 Preferred Qualifications:  PhD Completed or in Process, or, Evidence of knowledge in subject matter; lived experience and knowledge of Indigenous knowledge and communities preferred. 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the land protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Metis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. 
 
 Supplemented Fees- 15.02(a) The employee may be eligible to receive supplemented fees in accordance with Schedule C of the Collective Agreement. The actual rate of pay when in excess of the base rate of pay is deemed to include any supplemented fees owing, to the extent of the excess amount. If the actual rate of pay is less than the sum of the base rate of pay and the supplemented fees owing, then the employee shall receive the difference. 
 
 Application Procedure 
 Please submit the following by December 4thth, 2020 
 A cover letter stating your intent to apply for the position (including your address, phone number, and email address) and emphasizing your experience with the material to be taught. 
A resume listing your academic qualifications and relevant employment experience. 
Information necessary to determine your current and aggregate seniority (as defined by Article 20 of the Unit 2 Collective Agreement). www.cupe3906.org/unit-2-seniority-information/ 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Services Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or Nina Bovair at ext. 23850 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
