Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 GM Operations - Kitchen & Bath Design 
 Collingwood Kitchen & Bath Design Centre Inc. 
 __Collingwood, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Seeking experienced, energetic, and disciplined individual for the role of General Manager for a full-service high-end "kitchen and bath design showroom" specializing in residential re-modeling and new construction sales. We are a distributor and installer of Downsview Kitchens and Deslaurier Custom Cabinets, industry leaders of exceptional quality products and design solutions for the most discerning clientele. 
 The desired applicant will maintain a high level of professionalism in appearance, conduct, ethics, and image. You will have excellent leadership, organizational and communication skills and will possess a commitment to the overall success of the design centre, its ownership, team members and industry partners. 
 Cultivate and maintain business relationships with industry partners, architects, consultants, sub-contractors, etc 
 Develop sales goals, budgets and business management strategies 
 Maintain and enhance systems to support the overall function of the design centre such as merchandising, displays, staging and maintenance 
 Act as lead Company Representative to deliver excellent customer service from overseeing the design team process through the installation process while resolving client concerns and/or warranty issues 
 Responsible for marketing initiatives, company events and trade shows as warranted 
 Investigate new product lines and develop relationship with vendors to promote product lines, product training and industry trends as resources for the showroom and company designers. 
 Schedule product knowledge training and new product introductions with manufacturer’s representatives 
 Build a team renowned for quality, commitment, style and exceptional customer service. Maximize employee satisfaction through effective leadership, open door policy, acting as liaison between employees and their managers, coaching and guiding all team members, practice proficiency in HR, staff coaching, motivation and progressive discipline, if required and other duties/responsibilities as directed by the President and consistent with the duties of or required of the General Manager 
 Position: Full Time, minimum of 40 hours weekly. 
 Qualifications: 
 Minimum 5+ years management experience in a specialty retail environment and/or management and sales experience in cabinetry and kitchen and bath design/sales. 
 Proven experience with luxury products, proposals and contracts, proficient computer skills, superior communication, negotiation and interpersonal skills will be considered assets for this position. Salary expectation to be provided with resume. 
 Reference ID: CKBDC - General Manager 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Management: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
