Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relationship Manager - Member Engagement 
 Coast Capital Savings 
 __Surrey, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Mar 9, 2020 
 Company:  Coast Capital Savings Federal Credit Union 
 Location:  British Columbia (CA-BC), Surrey 
 Job Type:  Full-Time 
 Together, we help empower you to achieve what’s important in your life. 
 The Member Engagement team’s purpose is to proactively engage members to help improve their financial well-being by understanding what’s important in their lives and recommending value added products or services that help them achieve it. As we embark towards our goal of National Expansion, you will help shape how we engage with members outside of our traditional trade areas. You’ll work on a team that genuinely cares about our members and is passionate about improving their financial well-being. 
 What’s the job? 
 Do you have an engaging personality and strong ability to connect with others through conversation? Are you interested in learning how you can help own the relationship with Coast’s ever-growing digital member base? If this sounds like you, then this is the role for you! 
 As a Relationship Manager - Member Engagement, you’ll be responsible for proactively contacting existing members of a growing company that is a leader in the financial industry. Your goal will be to deliver a remarkable member experience by creating long-term relationships and maximizing opportunities to help our members with their Banking, Lending and Investment needs. 
 What you’ll get to do: 
 
 Proactively get to know your member on a deeper level, no not through mind reading but by asking the right questions so you can deliver a positive and memorable member experience. 
 Make proactive calls to engage our members and improve their financial well-being by building trust and loyalty through natural curiosity and embracing question-based selling to better understand their goals and needs. 
 As our newest outbound representative, you will be an essential player in achieving our company-wide vision of national expansion. 
 Use your banking expertise to match your member’s needs with our high quality core Banking, Lending and Investment options. 
 Have fun engaging members in the “Where You Are At Money Chat” to help your members to save, grow, protect and improve their financial well-being. 
 Work in a dynamic environment using state-of-the-art technology in both phone and software applications 
 
 Who are we looking for? 
We’re looking for team players who know how to stick handle the puck past the goal line. Individuals who like to get off the bench and onto the ice at every opportunity and have a knack of building trust and loyalty by ensuring that our member’s needs and expectations are fully satisfied. 
 
 4 years experience helping customers over the phone in a retail and/or sales environment, where you used your x-ray vision to spot sales and referral opportunities. If you have previous experience working at a financial institution, well that’s a bonus. 
 You are self-motivated, passionate and driven to help our members and their financial well-being. 
 Excellent sales skills, particularly in prospecting, cold calling and relationship development. 
 Excellent negotiation skills focused on delivering solutions and success outcomes. 
 You have great verbal and written communication skills. 
 You are excited to share with the world what you learned during your post-secondary education in finance, business administration or a related field. And you aren’t done learning; you have a desire to know more. 
 You really like building relationships with a wide variety of people and want to help them with simple financial help. 
 You are a big fan of team work and demonstrate your team spirit every day. 
 No protective headgear required while you do your thing as a multi-tasking guru, able to efficiently and effectively prioritize and organize what needs to get done. 
 The ability to have fun when pressured by time constraints in a fast paced business environment. 
 
 Why join Coast Capital Savings? 
 We don’t mean to toot our own horn, but… 
 We improve Canadians’ financial well-being through providing simple financial help. 
Employees do what’s best for our members. Every day. 
We believe in being a great corporate citizen so we invest in our local communities by donating our time, money and expertise. 
Our employees take advantage of the many opportunities to grow their careers. 
Employees love having a cool place to work with modern LEED certified offices and being recognized with a virtual (and, at times, an actual) high-five. 
Our inspiring leaders help our employees develop their talents and encourage them to be their fabulous selves. 
We have a unique culture where we take our business seriously, but ourselves, not so much. 
We are a Certified B Corp®. Our certification reflects our strong commitment to social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. 
In 2019, we earned double kudos by being named one of BC’s Top Employers and one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies – two of the nation’s most coveted business awards, may we add. 
 Does this position inspire you? If so, apply today at Coast Capital Savings. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
