I Am Incorrigible 
   
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About This Blog (video) 
 Home / Latest posts 
 Categories 
 
 Climate Change 
 Economy & Banking 
 Internet & Technology Issues 
 Media & Media Bias 
 Middle East, Security & Terrorism 
 Policing, Crime & Punishment 
 Racism, Sexism & Homophobia 
 Sexual Assault & Child Sexual Abuse 
 Wealth Inequality, Poverty & Welfare 
 Everything Else 
 
 
 UK Politics 
 US Politics 
 Complete archive listing 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Immorality and Paul Singer's Elliott Management - they're called vulture funds for a reason (video) 
 Ebola panic! Are you scared yet? (video) -> 
 Iain Duncan Smith's Universal Jobmatch is a Monster failure (video) 
 Posted on  August 8, 2014  by   I'm Incorrigible 
 0 
 
 The risk of fraudulent, misleading and confusing ads appearing on the government's Universal Jobmatch website is higher than private equivalents, according to the National Audit Office. 
 
 Unmodified Video © Channel 4 News / ITN 
 
 "Channel 4 News has obtained a 10-page document by the National Audit Office (NAO) entitled "The Universal Jobmatch system and bogus and non-compliant postings", which states that "there is no formal guidance on the depth or nature" of the checks performed on firms advertising on the Jobmatch service. 
 
 The terms and conditions which govern posting ads on Jobmatch ban fake, unclear, and duplicate ads, as well as those that require up-front investment, yet Channel 4 News continues to discover examples of these. 
 Channel 4 News also found that Monster, the firm running Jobmatch on behalf of the government, has itself posted duplicated ads - more than 1,100 in a single week in July. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) pays Monster £365,000 each month for providing the service." 
 … Meanwhile, Monster and the DWP do not agree about how many employers have been banned from posting ads on the site. 
 In a separate letter to [Frank] Field, Sir Amyas Morse, head of the NAO, highlighted record keeping on Jobmatch: "We found a significant difference between the Department and Monster's estimates of the number of bogus and genuine accounts withdrawn, The Department has not reconciled these datasets." 
 In June, Work and Pensions Secretary  Iain Duncan Smith  told parliament: "Fraudulent jobs are rare on the site; it is estimated that fewer than 0.1 per cent of these vacancies have been fraudulent since go-live, and those have been removed." 
 
 … But Sir Amyas also expressed concern that "the extent of fraud may be greater than the recorded number of bogus accounts withdrawn if fraud remains undetected" because "the Department does not estimate undetected fraud". 
 Channel 4 News  (7 August 2014) 
 DWP draws up plans to ditch ridiculed jobs website 
The Guardian 
 "The government has drawn up plans to scrap its official jobs website, Universal Jobmatch, after recognising it is too expensive and that its purpose is undermined by fake and repeat job entries, according to leaked internal communications from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP). 
 A cache of documents seen by the Guardian details how the government's main website for job hunters – which tens of thousands of unemployed people have been required by the DWP to sign up to – is likely to be jettisoned when the contract for the service comes up for renewal in two years. 
 A year and a half after its launch,  Universal Jobmatch  has been ridiculed for hosting numerous fake jobs , including one for an  MI6 "target elimination specialist"  and "international couriers" for CosaNostra Holdings, as well as listings for pornographic websites. 
 More recently very serious problems have emerged. Separate investigations by Channel 4 News and the Labour MP Frank Field have uncovered hundreds of thousands of fake, repeat or, in a minority of cases, fraudulent job postings that enticed jobseekers to spend money needlessly – for example on fake criminal records checks – or were a means of harvesting personal information for identity fraud. 
 At the start of March, the DWP  removed more than 120,000, or one-fifth, of all job adverts from over 180 employer accounts , because the ads did not abide by the site's terms and conditions. 
 Field is now pressing the National Audit Office to investigate the site which he described as " bedevilled with fraud ". 
 The DWP said it regularly monitors Universal Jobmatch to remove jobs that do not meet its rules and that of 524,640 employer accounts only a tiny minority have proven to be in breach of them. The leaked information about Universal Jobmatch became public after the chair of the public accounts committee said last week that  the DWP was on the verge of a "meltdown" over its relationship with private companies and welfare reform . 
 The leaked documents say that some of the website's problems have partly stemmed from the decision by ministers that the site – which is run by the international online recruitment company Monster – be as "open" as possible to all types of employers. Recruitment agencies have taken advantage of this openness by uploading repeat adverts on the site. 
 The effect, the documents go on to say, has been that civil servants have been unable to determine how many genuine employment vacancies are listed on the site. According to one email, the data simply is not "robust" and rectifying the issue will be expensive. 
 Other internal communications suggest that civil servants have asked for more than one hundred changes to the service. However senior managers have decided to pass on only a handful of them to Monster because they have given up on improving the current site and expect to start afresh after April 2016. 
 In light of the high possibility that Universal Jobmatch will be cancelled in its current form, a communique to project heads said that the relationship with Monster now had to be managed "very carefully". 
 A paper detailing options for overhauling the site includes: 
 • Getting an outside company to create a new service that would "learn the lessons" from Universal Jobmatch. 
 • Designing a site that would only cater for small employers. Jobseekers would be expected to use other sites to find work that was with larger employers. 
 • Coming to some contractual agreement with other major jobs sites to cross-post adverts and merge them into one larger DWP-run database. It is understood that ministers have not been involved in discussions about the new options. 
 The project to digitise job-searching activity for millions of unemployed people has been beset with problems from its start. The DWP was forced to rerun the bidding process for the contract and previously leaked documents detail how the  department had to pay compensation  to one of the failed bidders. 
 The multimillion-pound contract was won by  Monster  but Iain Duncan Smith's department has been struggling to justify its rapidly rising expenditure. Civil servants say that the US company, which pioneered online recruitment two decades ago, has demanded an extra £975,000 to clear Universal Jobmatch of fraudulent employment ads. 
 Stephen O'Donnell, who runs the  National Online Recruitment Awards , said that Monster was "quite exercised". He said that while the company had made "very good money" on the contract, the DWP was to blame for creating a "real mongrel of a website". "Monster … have real expertise worldwide in building spectacular job boards. They more or less invented the industry. So you do think 'how come it's so bad'? The reason for that is the civil servants basically told Monster 'forget everything you know about job boards, this is what we want'." 
 O'Donnell said: job centres used to have good checks before the site was launched. It used to be, to put a job in a job centre, a recruitment agency had to call and identify themselves, go through various checks and identify the employer." However without those checks he said many more anonymous postings were being hosted under the DWP's logo. "Anonymous job adverts are terrible. [The job] may or may not exist. It might just be a fishing trip for other information." 
 "I do not hold Monster at fault: they have been directed by the DWP to do what they are told." 
 "I think it's criminally unfair to sanction jobseekers for not using such a clumsily built website, rife with spammers … identity thieves and anonymous job ads." 
 A spokesman for the DWP said that the search for work had become increasingly digital in the last decade and that over the next six months, wifi and 6,000 extra terminals would be installed into jobcentres across the country so jobseekers had access to the latest technology. 
 Responding to the leak the department said: "Universal Jobmatch revolutionises the way jobseekers find work and ithas already helped many jobseekers find the jobs they want since it was launched in 2012. 
 "How people find work has become increasingly digital so it's right - and responsible - that DWP should continually look to ensure we are making the best offer to jobseekers. 
 "The current Universal Jobmatch contract comes to an end in 2016 so any speculation on what will happen after that is premature." 
 The Guardian  (16 March 2014) 
 
 Related articles 
 
 Iain Duncan Smith’s DWP forcing jobseekers to use government website riddled with fraudulent job ads (video) 
 Public Accounts Committee says Iain Duncan Smith’s Universal Credit project is guilty of “shocking failures in management” and is an “unmitigated disaster” (video) 
 £334m written-off or mismanaged by Iain Duncan Smith in Universal Credit “disaster” 
 With ‘poor doors’ you get to live in a great building in a great neighbourhood, what else do you want? Dignity? (video) 
 Lynton Crosby’s Tory spin machine is a cancer at the heart of the British government (video) 
 An Israeli soldier’s story – Eran Efrati (video) 
 Iain Duncan Smith’s Tinker Bell statistics (video) 
 Iain Duncan Smith’s explosive row with LBC’s James O’Brien (Audio) 
 The Blackstone and Codere scandal: “just another day on Wall Street” (video) 
 Wealth inequality madness: tax policy is made by the few for the few at the expense (and with the support) of the many (video) 
 The “rank hypocrisy” of political donations (video) 
 The sheer scale of child sexual abuse in Britain – reblog of Nick Davies article 
 How much did government whips know about allegations of MP’s child abuse and where are the ‘dirt books’? (video) 
 Former Tory minister accused of applying pressure on Simon Danczuk named as Edward Garnier (video) 
 Internet sex offenders: not the real thing? (Reblog of Dr. Sarah Nelson post) (video) 
 A public inquiry into an establishment cover-up of non-recent child abuse is not a “stale ritual” (video) 
 Home Office claims that the Leon Brittan paedophile dossier is “lost” are not credible (video) 
 Bryn Estyn, Oxford, Rochdale and now Cyril Smith but still no public inquiry (video) 
 GOTCHA! Serial sex offender and paedophile Max Clifford jailed for just 8 years (video) 
 The publication of the Rochdale child sex abuse report replaces the “culture of hopelessness” with the the more familiar culture of passing the buck  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Paedophile Neil Wilson’s Suspended Sentence Just Another In An “Endless Catalogue Of Insane Judgements By Male Judges Excusing Men Who Attack Women”  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Pulped Jillings Report Finally Published But Where’s The Public Inquiry?  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Cameron’s a congo bongo if he thinks banning words will help to stop child abuse (video) 
 The facts don’t fit your prejudices? No problem. Be like Fox News and invent your own! 
 Updated With Video: Do you want the truth from your government or just what a minister says he ‘believes’ to be true?  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Do you want the truth from your government or just what a minister believes to be true? Part 2  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Do you want the truth from your government or just what a minister believes to be true? Part 3  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Migration Myths  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Are You Stupid? What Has Happened To Rational Debate Over Immigration?  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Are You Stupid? What Has Happened To Rational Debate Over Immigration? (Part Two) (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 Faisal Islam’s (not) looking for answers  (imincorrigible.wordpress.com) 
 
 Share this (Opens in New Window): 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 Pocket 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Internet & Technology Issues ,  UK Politics ,  Wealth Inequality, Poverty & Welfare  |  Tagged  Channel 4 ,  Channel 4 News ,  Conservative ,  David Cameron ,  Department for Work and Pensions ,  Disability ,  Dog Whistle ,  DWP ,  Evidence Based Policy Making ,  Evidence not Ideology ,  Frank Field ,  Government of the United Kingdom ,  Iain Duncan Smith ,  IDS ,  ITN ,  Monster ,  NAO ,  National Audit Office ,  Political PR ,  Political Spin ,  Stephen O'Donnell ,  The Guardian ,  Tory ,  Truthiness ,  Universal Jobmatch 
 Feel free to add your comments here  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Immorality and Paul Singer's Elliott Management - they're called vulture funds for a reason (video) 
 Ebola panic! Are you scared yet? (video) -> 
 Total views 
 
 160,756 views 
 
 Most viewed today 
 
   
 
 About This Blog (video) 
 
   
 
 We are not a meritocracy and there is no social mobility. Dominic Raab takes a beating from Owen Jones on the Daily Politics (video) 
 
   
 
 Kincora (Part 2): Abuse survivor Richard Kerr calls Theresa May's CSA inquiry a cover-up (video) 
 Follow I Am Incorrigible on WordPress.com 
 Follow the Imincorrigible blog via email 
 You may enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6,572 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Click here to follow Imincorrigible 
 Calendar of site posts (only available in category mode) 
 
 
 
 August 2014 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jul   Sep » 
 Seek and you shall find (enter search term) : 
 Search 
 Archived posts by calendar month (widget visible in category mode) 
 Archived posts by calendar month (widget visible in category mode) Select Month December 2017  (1) June 2017  (2) May 2017  (2) January 2017  (2) December 2016  (2) November 2016  (7) October 2016  (5) September 2016  (8) August 2016  (9) July 2016  (17) June 2016  (20) May 2016  (8) April 2016  (7) March 2016  (7) February 2016  (7) January 2016  (8) December 2015  (3) November 2015  (3) October 2015  (3) September 2015  (4) August 2015  (9) July 2015  (6) June 2015  (2) May 2015  (10) April 2015  (7) March 2015  (5) February 2015  (1) January 2015  (6) December 2014  (6) November 2014  (7) October 2014  (12) September 2014  (14) August 2014  (11) July 2014  (27) June 2014  (22) May 2014  (27) April 2014  (26) March 2014  (2) February 2014  (6) January 2014  (3) December 2013  (10) November 2013  (12) October 2013  (7) September 2013  (13) August 2013  (14) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (3) 
 Pages 
 
 About This Blog (video) 
 List of all published posts 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
