  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 AngularJS 
 
 AngularJS Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance AngularJS Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/angularjs) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Development of a Website in Ruby on Rails 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 14 
 Hi everyone! 
 We are looking for a skilled Ruby on Rails Developer to join our remote international team. We are looking for a full-stack developer who has the required experience with RoR on the backend, and additional experience with one Javascript-based framework. This is a full-time, home-based position. 
 Required Skills: 
 3+ years professional experience in software development;  
Strong experience in Ruby on Rails;  
Experience in SQL;  
Experience in JavaScript;  
Ability to work with JavaScript client side frameworks (e.g. Angular, Ember, React, etc.);  
Linux system administration experience;  
Experience with database design, is a plus;  
Strong English reading, writing, and speaking skills;  
Ability to work directly with a client;  
Bachelor’s degree or higher;  
Stable internet connection and home computer;  
Dedication and discipline to work remotely from home.  
 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  S. R. T. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Last month 
 Transport and travel management System 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 85 Bids: 16 
 I need a corporate travel and transport management system that will fit on my company needs. This project is a custom built for my travel and tours and transport services. 
 Requirements: 
1. Web Site for my company with booking system 
2. Custom made travel tour packages and joiners 
3. 
Transport service for dispatching system 
4. Corporate client account booking system. 
5. Payment System for subcontractors. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, Other, iPad 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  R. C. Philippines 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Last month 
 Excel file import to Mongodb using node.js and Angular Frontend 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 6 Bids: 5 
 I have a large xls spreadsheet that I need to track some changes on over time. I'd like to make a web app that will allow: 
1. Uploading of the xls using  node.js 
2. 
Parsing and putting the data into a mongodb database that will allow for fast queries 
3. Angular Front end for displaying the data 
4. Ability to search/sort terms/fields/values in the data (with exclusion -terms/filters as well) 
 PS: Excel file has 1000000 records. 
This is big excel file. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  K. I. S. Philippines 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 Looking for a Mern stack 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 23 
 Hi, everyone. 
I am looking for a taented Web dev who has rich experiences in MERN. 
You can work 50+ hours per work with my timezone. 
 The work is building website from scretch. 
Fell free to bid me if you are interested. 
Cheers! 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  J. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Web Developer - Angularjs Expert 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 9 Bids: 2 
 Our company needs a Web Designer who can help us out. 
•    Requirements: 
o    Ability to build and deploy client side web applications as well as refactoring and understanding existing code. 
O    Debug html css js using google chrome development tools. 
 O    Deep understanding of client side web applications and how they work and communicate with backend and other services. 
O    Deep understanding of html and css. 
O    Organize code in a component based application. 
 •    Technologies 
o    Must have: 
    Typescript. 
    Angular 8 and up + Angular universal + Angular CLI. 
    Nodejs + NPM. 
     Webpack. 
    css 
    html 
    git 
    familiarity with hosting, deployment and cdn tools such as aws s3 / cloudfront / cloudflare / netlify / firebase hosting. 
O    Extra: 
    Familiarity with ReactJs or Vuejs. 
     Basic knowledge of backend NodeJs servers and frameworks such as express and NestJs. 
    Familiarity with WebGL frameworks such as Phaser / ThreeJs / BabylonJs. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. R. Philippines 
 USD 250 - 500 
 4 months ago 
 Continue, Update, Upgrade and Ongoing Website Development 
 Published: 4 months ago  Deadline: 80 Bids: 50 
 I recently stopped a web development project with my previous developer because they weren't able to deliver according to our agreement. I would like to find someone capable to continue the project. Qualified and adept in PHP Laravel, both front and back end development. 
 This is a long term project with over 3 phases of development incorporating multiple website features each phase. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  G. S. Last reply: 4 months ago  Philippines 
 Over USD 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Angular Js and Angular 8 dev 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 8 
 Continue the developement of an Application for Hotels already started 4 years ago, based on an existinf back-end. Need to developp the C# middleware and the front end splited into 2 app : one in Angular JS progressively replaced by Anglur 8 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  M. Z. Last reply: 4 months ago  Israel 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
