Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Vice President, Investment Counsellor 
 Fiera Capital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Under the supervision of the Senior Vice President, Investment Counsellor, the Associate Vice-President is primarily responsible for providing timely, focused and personalized service to our private wealth clients. The AVP will support client management and investment management activities, as well as supporting business development activities. As a member of the private wealth management team, the incumbent will be asked to assist other team members in their tasks. 
 THE POSITION 
 Coordinate regular and ongoing client meetings and events for the SVP, Investment Counsellor; 
Help determine agenda, key topics, execute post-meeting work and follow up; 
Work with the Private Wealth Associate to ensure client files are up to date, compliant with regulatory requirements, etc. 
Provide proactive client service on the phone and in person, respond to client inquiries; 
Identify opportunities for new business as well as among existing client base for asset consolidation or referrals; 
Review portfolios regularly and rebalance them with guidance from the advisory team; 
Make recommendations for changes, switches; track positions; manage positions to be in line with models, manage tactical asset changes and new position queue; 
Analyze current and prospective client financial information to prepare investment recommendations to be utilized in client meetings; 
Assist associates with onboarding new clients and implementation of investment policy; 
Operate with high integrity, is authentic, and always does the right thing; 
Adopt rigorous approach that is consistent with Fiera Private Wealth practices and pays attention to details when carrying out work. 
 EDUCATION/ACCREDITATION: 
University degree (preferably in business); 
 Professional designation:  Chartered Financial Analyst, and/or Chartered Investment Manager; 
Licensed as or eligible to become licensed as a Registered Representative with respective provincial body. 
 EXPERIENCE AND SPECIFIC SKILLS 
 Minimum 3 years of experience in the investment industry; 
High degree of PC literacy and professional experience working with Excel and PowerPoint; 
Exceptional analytical skills; 
Above average communication skills (both verbal and written); 
Strong organizational skills with proven ability to multitask; 
Must be a team player; 
Strong presence with an ability to engender trust in client relationships; 
Must possess a passion for professional client service; 
Requires a strong attention to detail. 
 The use of masculine is for the sole purpose of lightening the text and refers to both women and men. 
 Fiera Capital subscribes to the principle of employment equity. Our staff is our most valuable asset and our goal is to create an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone can reach their true potential. 
 Fiera Capital will not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment. All staffing decisions, including hiring and promotion decisions, will be based on merit, skills, performance and business needs. We are pleased to receive nominations from qualified individuals from a variety of backgrounds. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in a career with Fiera Capital. We will only communicate with those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
