
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Professor/Chair, Computer Systems Technology 
 North Carolina A&T; State University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Professor/Chair, Computer Systems Technology 
 __ North Carolina A&T; State University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Professor%2FChair%2C%20Computer%20Systems%20Technology&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14000098/professor-chair-computer-systems-technology/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 14, 2020 
 Location: 
 Greensboro, North Carolina 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Description: 
 The College of Science and Technology at North Carolina A&T; State University seeks a dynamic and innovative chairperson for the Department of Computer Systems Technology who possesses a distinguished record of scholarship and research, appreciates the integration of learning, discovery and engagement, has significant experience in higher education, and has experience in securing extramural funding. This is a 12-month administrative position with a tenure-track faculty appointment at the rank of Professor. An appointment at the Associate professor level may be considered for candidates who exhibit potential for growth. The successful candidate is expected to have an exemplary record of scholarship and research, along with a vision for invigorating and expanding the educational, research, and service efforts of the department. Candidates are expected to exhibit a strong commitment to scholarship and excellence in the area of information technology, electronics technology and/or electrical engineering technology, and exhibit an open and collegial style of management and leadership. Candidates should be familiar with the ABET accreditation standards. 
Reporting directly to the Dean of the College of Science and Technology, the Department Chair is expected to provide leadership and foster excellence in all departmental efforts. Some of the Chair's responsibilities include promoting student success; student recruitment and mentoring, ensuring quality undergraduate and graduate programs; faculty workload assignment, faculty recruitment, mentoring, development, evaluation, and promotion; supporting faculty research, teaching and service; providing oversight and stewardship for the administrative, financial, and academic programs; engaging faculty in strategic planning; program assessment and reporting; maintaining program accreditation, and teaching. 
 Primary Function of Organizational Unit: 
 North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University is an 1890 land-grant doctoral research university dedicated to learning, discovery, and community engagement. The College of Science and Technology is research oriented and fosters academic excellence through innovative programs, critical thinking, and intellectual inquiry to prepare students for the 21st century global workforce. The College plays a pivotal role in further advancing the mission of the University by emphasizing preeminence in STEM and promoting curricular advancement, scientific discovery, and technological innovation. The College houses the departments of Applied Engineering Technology, Biology, Built Environment, Chemistry, Computer Systems Technology, Graphic Design Systems, Mathematics, Physics, and the PhD Program of Applied Science Technology. The Department of Computer Systems Technology enrolls over 340 undergraduate and graduate majors. The Department offers a Bachelor of Science in Electronics Technology, a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, a Master of Science in Information Technology which is consistently ranked amongst the largest graduate programs on campus, and an Information Technology concentration under the collage Applied Science Technology PhD Program. 
 Internal job number:  001079 
 Requirements: 
 Candidates must have a Ph.D. in either Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or a PhD in a closely related field. Experience with pursuing/maintaining ABET accreditation is required. Candidate must be able to be tenured as a full professor 
 Preferred: 
 Candidates with the following are preferred: 
 
 Experience in securing extramural funding and fundraising 
 Five (5) years of experience teaching and/or administrative experience in an ABET accredited program 
 An established record of research, publications, and professional accomplishments in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or a closely related field 
 Experience with developing new programs 
 
 Special Instructions: 
 You must complete and submit an electronic application for employment to be considered. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of completing an electronic application. 
 Applicants seeking Veteran's Preference must attach a DD 214 form. Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty with your application during the process of applying to the job posting. Final candidates are subject to criminal and sex offender background checks. 
 North Carolina A&T; State University participates in E-Verify. Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States. 
 North Carolina A&T; State University is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. No one who applies or seeks employment will be denied admission to or employment at North Carolina A&T; State University on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, disabling condition, veteran status, political affiliation, genetic information or sexual orientation and sexual identity. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 21055 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  North Carolina A&T; State University 
 North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University is one of the nation’s most highly respected doctoral research, land-grant institutions. With an enrollment of almost 11,000 students, we are committed to fulfilling our mission through exemplary undergraduate and graduate instruction, scholarly and creative research, and effective public service. As a member of the A&T; family you will be an integral part of its history and future – joining more than 1,800 current faculty and staff. You will be expected to be a leader and mentor. You will influence the minds that will affect our world. As a change agent, you will use your intellect and influence to make a positive impact on the greater A&T; community. A&T; will be more than your job, it will become your passion—and that commitment to yourself and others will last a lifetime. Because that’s what Aggies Do! 
 Connections working at  North Carolina A&T; State University 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
