  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Career   
  Productivity   
 Email Organization Tips to Boost Your Productivity at Work 
 
 Email Organization Tips to Boost Your Productivity at Work 
 by Sharon Elber 
 Email can be an incredible tool in modern  work environments . It allows people working from different locations to collaborate, it can help you stay on task with unresolved issues, and it can allow you to stay in touch with clients and customers. 
 However, email can also be a tremendous source of wasted time and lost productivity at work. If you find yourself in your email most of your work day, or find that email has become an overwhelming part of your work, then some email strategies may help you  gain significant productivity at work . 
 Here are 10 tips to handle email more effectively: 
 #1: Batch Process Your Emails 
 Batch processing  is a productivity technique that can boost your ability to get more done in less time across many different areas of work, and email is no exception. The simple trick to batch processing is to simply block time for a certain kind of work, handling similar tasks together so that you save time switching from one type of work to another. 
 Email is a perfect candidate for batch processing since it is repetitive and requires a certain type of focus. Instead of jumping in and out of email continuously throughout your day, try to schedule time for email a few times a day. Make your blocks of time long enough to get through your entire inbox, using the techniques below to keep your email workflow organized and streamlined. 
 For this article, the first thing you will do every time you sit down to your email is do a pass through your inbox. When you start each email block with a pass, you will find that you start to get into a rhythm with handling email that drastically streamlines your entire process. 
 #2: Keep Your Inbox for Emails that Still Require Action 
 On your pass of your inbox, leave all items that still require your action right where they belong: in your inbox. When your inbox is full of items that need your action, it becomes a much clearer “to do list” that lends itself to actually getting work done. 
 The goal of any email organization strategy is ultimately to keep your inbox as the place where unresolved issues stay. Once any issue is resolved and you no longer need to take action, an email should be deleted, marked as spam, or moved to a folder. 
 #3: Delete or Mark as Spam from the Inbox 
 As you are doing your pass through your inbox, and before you actually open any emails, look at the subject lines and select all incoming messages that you already know are spam or otherwise irrelevant to your work. Go ahead and delete these in a group by selecting them and then trashing them. 
 Alternatively, if you are getting spam in your inbox, take the time to use your email programs filtering power to code those emails as spam to automatically send them to the spam folder, saving you tons of time over the long haul. 
 #4: Use Folders to Organize Completed Emails 
 As you are working through your inbox, some of the emails will just be notifications that an issue has been resolved. For example, you may receive a confirmation of a transaction, a thank you from a coworker on a certain project, or a follow up that an email you sent was received. 
 These types of issues are all “resolved” and thus no longer need any action from you. Rather than deleting them, simply move them to a folder or label that contains all emails of a certain type. Your organization strategy in terms of folders should make sense for your work. It could be organized by your different clients, different departments at your job, or special projects. 
 By using folders and/or labels, you can let go of resolved issues but still have confidence that if you ever need to go back and reference them you will be able to find them quickly. And, once that email is sent to a folder, you no longer have it cluttering up your inbox. 
 #5: Unsubscribe to Irrelevant Newsletters and Alerts 
 It is worth the time to go ahead and unsubscribe to newsletters and alerts that are not relevant to your work. These emails can become a distraction, the last thing you want when you are trying to maintain your focus and check off your to do list. 
 #6: Create a Separate Work and Personal Email Account 
 One of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to email is to use the same account for both personal and professional communications. This is just a recipe for distraction and loss of focus. It also creates clutter in your inbox, the main cause of getting overwhelmed when it comes to email. 
 Keep your personal communication to a different email account and you will find that focusing on work issues during your email time is much easier. 
 #7: Apply the Two-Minute Rule 
 When doing your email pass, go ahead and resolve any issues that only take two-minutes or less to resolve. And, once you do resolve them, don’t forget to go back in and move the original out of your inbox and into the appropriate folder. 
 By taking care of small issues every time you do a pass, you are keeping your inbox as clean as you can, drawing attention to what still needs to be done, and helping you to keep your eye on the prize when it comes to issues that still need your attention. 
 By getting easy issues out of the way, you can then shift your focus to the issues that might require more effort to deal with. Without the clutter of a bunch of little things, you can do better with larger and more complex issues that require deeper levels of your attention. 
 #8: Create Email Templates for Repetitive Issues 
 Do you find yourself saying the same thing over and over in email? One of the best things you can do if you find yourself handling repetitive issues in email is to create a template response that you can quickly customize as a reply. 
 You can do this either by using your email program or by using a separate file system, but the trick will be getting to your template text quickly and easily to save time. 
 #9: Request to Be Removed from Group Emails You Don’t Need to Be Involved In 
 There is a tendency in professional environments to add too many people to group emails which creates a lot of unnecessary and sometimes confusing traffic in your inbox. If you know that you don’t need to be “in the loop” on a particular discussion that is creating unnecessary traffic in your inbox, simply request to be removed from the list. 
 #10: Learn to Use and Trust Email Search Functions 
 Finally, many people allow their inbox to get cluttered because they worry they won't be able to find a given email down the road if they need it. However, the opposite is true. By leaving random emails that have been taken care of in your inbox, you are actually making your email work much more difficult on yourself because you cannot tell at a glance what needs your attention, and what doesn't. 
 Instead of keeping resolved emails in your inbox, learn how to use folders as mentioned above, and also learn how to use the search feature of your email program. This will give you the peace of mind that if you need an email down the road, you can find it easily with a few key search terms. 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
