Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Stocking and Distribution Attendant 
 PHSA 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Are you dependable, organized and have high attention to detail? Help our clinicians ensure they have the right supplies and equipment needed in order to provide exceptional care. 
 What you’ll do 
 
 Move supplies throughout the hospital using a tow motor, pallet jack, hand carts, hand and vehicles. 
 Transport supplies to hospitals and other sites. 
 Maintain inventory supply with a computerized system. 
 Load, sort, pick and place supplies onto transport and deliver throughout the hospital. 
 Order, stock and rotate and process inventory. 
 
 What you bring 
 
 Grade 12 
 One year recent, related experience (inventory, stocking, replenishment, warehouse, supply chain, distribution, stores and merchandising) 
 Valid Class 5 vehicle 
 
 You can: 
 
 Communicate effectively verbally and in writing. 
 Work well independently and with others. 
 Organize your work. 
 Physically able to perform the duties of the position. 
 Operate related equipment. 
 
 What’s in it for you 
 When you work for the Hospital Replenishment and Distribution Team you will: 
 
 Help us give our patients the best care by ensuring the clinicians have the supplies and special materials they need in order to do their job. 
 Enjoy a great corporate culture, growth opportunities and the opportunity to make an impact on something big. 
 Be challenged with diverse duties. 
 
 If this sounds like you, apply now! 
 
 
 Status: Casual (on call) - Must be available to work on an on-call basis with no guaranteed shifts! Please note you are required to be available to pick up short call (1-5 hours of notice) and booked shifts. 
 
 
 Hours and Days required: 7:30 – 15:30, Monday through Friday and Stats 
 
 
 Location: Cowichan District Hospital - 3045 Gibbins Rd, Duncan, BC V9L 1E5 
 
 
 Closing date: Open until filled 
 
 
 Reference #: Cas096140 
 
 
 Wage: $21.35 / hour +12.6% in lieu 
 
 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 About Us 
 The Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) provides specialized health services to British Columbians, including cancer care, organ transplantation, pediatrics, emergency services, mental health and substance use services. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: https://jobs.phsa.ca/family-brands 
 We hire on the basis of merit and encourage all qualified applicants to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences. We strive to create a safe and welcoming environment where everyone can come to work and be their best, authentic self. 
 
 Respect * Compassion * Innovation * Cultivating Partnerships * Serve with Purpose  * 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $21.35 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 stocking: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
