  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Junior Account Manager - Retail 
 at Bloom and Wild 
 go back to People and Other Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Bloom & Wild is re-inventing the $60B global flower industry. Over a billion flower exchanges take place every year and industry satisfaction levels are low. We are using technology and data science to build the world’s leading and most loved flower company. We’ve seen impressive traction to date - we are Europe’s largest direct to consumer flower company, are growing at 100% year on year and are in a strong position financially (and have been extremely fortunate to see growth remain strong during the Covid-19 crisis). 
 We’ve raised multiple rounds of venture capital and private equity funding, have been named one of the 5 fastest growing tech companies in Europe and are alumni of Tech Nation’s Future Fifty. We were also one of the Sunday Times Top 100 Small Companies to Work For 2020. 
 Retail at Bloom & Wild 
 Since launching in 2013, Bloom & Wild has become the UK's largest and most loved online flower gifting company. Over the last 18 months we have successfully expanded into the world of physical retail, translating our expertise in developing innovative, appealing, affordable and high-quality flower gifts into ranges for both Ocado and Sainsburys. We are looking for someone to join our Range & Merchandising team to own these existing retail relationships and further drive this growth. 
 The Range & Merchandising team is responsible for all aspects of physical product, from conceptualisation and development through to on-site Merchandising, both in the UK and internationally. In this role, we’re looking for someone who can lead this end-to-end process for our retail offering, ensuring that high standards of customer experience we’ve set in our eCommerce business are achieved, as well as being commercially successful. 
 As part of a fast-paced, data-driven organisation, we work cross-functionally to support our decision making. We gather insight with the help of the Business Intelligence and Customer Research and Insight teams; brief the Brand and Creative teams to develop the concept; work with Finance on the unit economics and then collaborate with Supply and Quality on execution. Finally, once products are live we work closely with our trading partners to effectively manage sell-through. 
 The role & ways of working 
 This role is a great opportunity for someone with a consistent track record of driving growth for FMCG challenger brands to join one of the country’s most innovative and fastest-growing startups, and help lead our expansion into the world of retail. Given how early we are in our retail journey, this role is perfect for someone who is keen to own all aspects of working with retailers, including logistics, supply chain and merchandising as well as driving sales, and is not afraid of getting stuck in to achieve results. 
 
 Reporting to our Director of Range & Merchandising, you’ll lead and develop our existing retail relationships and be responsible for the commercial performance of our retail accounts 
 You’ll be responsible for the P&L for each retailer with support from the finance team, and you’ll work with our retailers to build compelling Joint Business Plans (JBPs) in order to achieve sustainable growth 
 Work closely with other members of the Range & Merchandising team to find opportunities for new product development to drive category growth. 
 Iterate on bouquets where necessary to help improve review scores and increase sales 
 Develop and maintain positive, productive relationships with our category buyers to maximise opportunities 
 Ensure that the merchandising of our retail ranges reaches the same high standard as on our ecommerce site. From managing our agency who ensures consistency and excellence across all physical stores, to ensuring that our online storefronts are equally well merchandised, you’ll have a keen eye for optimising our presentation. You’ll brief in copy and imagery, and be responsible for uploading SKUs to online platforms 
 Be responsible for the smooth phasing of product launches and delists 
 Working alongside our Supply Chain Lead, you’ll supervise the supply chain and logistic requirements around haulier management, installation of new POS, packaging etc to make sure everything is on track 
 Use various data sources available to you (daily and weekly sales data, review scores, shopper data, trend analysis etc) to track the performance of existing and new products and recommend optimisations to improve performance 
 Confidently share performance updates across the business and action feedback effectively 
 You will bring energy and positivity to the role, looking for every opportunity to learn and craft the role around our values: care, pride, customer first, innovation and delight. 
 
 You 
 
 2+ years experience  in account management, ideally working with supermarkets and representing FMCG challenger brands 
 Strategic and commercially minded -  you understand the aims of the business and your recommendations will be designed to help us achieve these. You’ll spot opportunities that others may not, and bring people with you on the journey to implement them. 
 Willingness to try -  you won’t be afraid to make bold decisions and try new things, and if they don’t work out as you had hoped, you won’t be defeated 
 Attention to detail  - you have excellent project management skills and take great care in your work so that you deliver to a consistently excellent standard 
 Customer insight  - you put customers first, seek to understand what works for them and champion them in your decision making to develop products they love 
 Proactive  - you take responsibility to get things done and are willing to roll up your sleeves and get stuck in yourself whenever needed 
 Driven  - you are enthusiastic, passionate and keen to deliver results that impact the business 
 Positive attitude  - you’re excited about problem-solving in a lively and dynamic team 
 Independen  t - you’re resourceful and show initiative in your work 
 No previous knowledge  of flowers or floristry is required 
 
 Working Environment 
 Currently our full team is working from home and adapting quickly to being totally remote. In addition to our normal perks and benefits we’re supporting each other and maintaining our culture remotely through: 
 
 Regular virtual yoga classes with more virtual exercise variety to come! 
 Celebrating birthdays with letterbox cake 
 Weekly ‘team drinks trolleys’ and updates from our senior team 
 Remote lunch and learns 
 Supporting our wellbeing through online support sessions and employee assistance program 
 New slack channels and ways of communicating including wellbeing channels 
 Specialist online support to talk about the challenges we are facing in the current environment 
 
 Wh   en we’re in the office 
 Our airy, light and spacious office is conveniently located close to Vauxhall and Oval stations in London. We have an informal, startup culture, with employee-friendly policies such as: 
 
 25 days holiday, with an additional day off for your birthday, plus bank holidays, totalling 34 days, per annum 
 Free breakfast, snacks and team lunches 
 Season ticket loan 
 Health cash plan through Simplyhealth 
 Personal Development Budget 
 Family Friendly Policy - including enhanced family-friendly packages and a salary sacrifice childcare scheme 
 Pension Contribution 
 Cycle to Work Scheme 
 Lunch & Learns 
 Discounted blooms 
 Bloom & Go Wild trips - most recently we went to Paris! 
 
 See more on what it's like to work at Bloom & Wild here. 
 We really care about creating a diverse and inclusive team - so we welcome people from all backgrounds, with different perspectives, ideas and experiences to work with us. In our team, everyone has the freedom to give their opinion, grow in their career and be part of a genuinely caring and inclusive team. 
 Our recruitment process 
 The interview process consists of an initial thirty minute phone call with Olivia, our Director of Range & Merchandising. We’ll then ask you to complete a short task in your own time before presenting back to Olivia, our Senior Range Manager Amy and our Supply Chain Lead Kerry. This will be followed by a brief call with our COO Phill, and a more casual chat with other team members for you to find out more about our company culture. 
 Given the current situation in the UK due to COVID-19 the interview process will be conducted remotely. 
 Your application experience is important to us, and we’re keen to adapt to make every interaction even better. We welcome feedback on our recruitment process and would love to hear from you directly on how we can improve. If you have any suggestions please feel free to let us know here. 
 Published at 7 Jan 2021 - Expires on 18 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Bloom and Wild 
 fulltime  Senior Ruby Developer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __25-08-2020 
 fulltime  Senior DevOps Engineer (Data)  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __27-11-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Data Scientist  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __10-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Data Engineer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __11-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Digital Marketing Associate  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Ruby Developer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior DevOps Engineer (Security)  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Android Developer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior DevOps Engineer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __30-12-2020 
 fulltime  DevOps Engineer  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __30-12-2020 
 fulltime  Product Manager  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __07-01-2021 
 fulltime  Head of Operations Engineering  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Insight Analyst  at Bloom and Wild in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
