Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Confidential Priviately-Held Company 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 You’ve always thought about getting into sales. Flexible hours, the opportunity to make a ton of coin…but that fear of the dreaded bad month commission cheque always held you back. Well kick that fear in the behind and let your customer service skills fly here at our private company. 
 Our confidential company is looking for a sales associate to add to their team here in Saskatoon and we think you’d be a great fit. 
 If you’ve worked in retail or a customer-facing job where you’ve shown you’re awesome talking with people, like real people standing in front of you, then you’ll excel here. We’ll give you that base wage you can rely on and when you start selling cars left and right the bonuses will pile up too. Consider your earning potential jumping 2, 3 even 4x where you’re working now without all that added pressure. That’s worth a conversation. Right? Apply today and turn the key to your new career! 
 What’s in it for you? 
 
 Better Hours  – Sundays are meant for rest, so are Stat Holidays. Never work one again, with a 5 days/week schedule including Saturdays. 
 Training & Development  – With access to world class teachers and industry training materials, 24/7, your personal growth is going to go through the roof. 
 Health & Dental  – Basic plans supplied to keep you and your family protected and that pretty smile on your face. 
 
 What you’ll be doing. 
 Everyone has their idea what a used car salesperson does or looks like. Buying a car is big and a lot of money, so at our confidential company it’s all about building that relationship. Bust out those awesome communication skills and talk to them like they’re your friend or family. Sometimes that’s over the phone, sometimes over the computer, sometimes right across the desk. Regardless, your goal is to help them better their life with a better vehicle. Something of quality, that’s been fully inspected and will actually start when the snow says otherwise. 
 To do that, we need a personality and amazing attitude. You’ll work alongside like-minded customer service folk and a Manager that will help you succeed. You’ll greet customers, take them for test drives, deal with their concerns. You’ll diligently use our scripts and software to track your progress and touchpoints so we can measure your upcoming success. And then finalize the transactions with a dabbling of admin work, like licensing to get your customers on the road. Urgency and punctuality are incredibly important in this digital age, so we need to be able to rely on you. Demonstrate that right off the hop by letting us know you’re interested! 
 We’ll keep things simple, measuring your performance on: 
 
 Lead Management (Response time, Appointments, Applications) 
 Customer Service and Personalization 
 Overall Attitude 
 Sales KPIs 
 
 All that will get you 90% there, for the rest, we’re looking for: 
 
 High School Diploma or equivalent educational experience 
 Valid Driver’s License with a fairly clean driver’s abstract (we get it, sometimes weird things can happen) 
 Ability to speak multiple languages is considered an asset 
 
 While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only candidates meeting the minimum requirements will be contacted 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $0.00 per year 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 2 years (Preferred) 
 customer service: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
