Skip to content 
 Primary Menu 
 ∜3600 - McLaren Bristol Constant  
 "comfort brings clarity" - turney duff, author, educator 
 Search for: 
 Close Menu 
 
 Home 
 
   
 Steve_Jobs 
 Image 
 You had a BAD DAY, you had a BAD DAY! "bad day" CREATIVITY, SELLING OUT AND SURVIVAL AS THE STARVING ARTIST - Tempo maps and Video of Dan "I sold my best song to the National Football League" Powter 
 
 IN 2006, Danny Powter had the most famous one-hit wonder song ever to become property of the National Football League called  BAD DAY . 
 Bad Day - Tempo Mapping - New Jersey Free School - no lyrics - no mp3 
 BAD DAY  THERON/RICCI show what a BAD DAY is in the fantastic film - MONSTER 
 “Bad Day” is a pop song written by Canadian singer  Daniel Powter . It was released as the first single from his second album Daniel Powter (2005) and achieved a huge success throughout the world, reaching the #1 spot in the U.S. and Ireland. In the U.S. it was a massive smash hit, and became the most successful single of 2006 as ranked by  Billboard Magazine . It was also used in the opening sequence of the movie  Alvin and the Chipmunks , where the chipmunks were singing the song as they stored the nuts for the winter. 
“Bad Day” was used as the 2005 ‘Goodbye Song’ in the fifth installment of the hit show American Idol. 
Despite the song’s massive worldwide success, Powter failed to release any more pop hits, proving to be a very successful one-hit wonder. 
Contents 
Music video 
The boy and girl in split screen from the music video. 
 The music video is directed by Marc Webb and features two single people, a male (Jason Adelman) and a female (Samaire Armstrong), waking and going about their daily schedule. The video shows this happening over a three-day period, but makes no distinction between the days apart from the different clothing worn for each day. The main event is the two adding graffiti to the same wall, separately, on each day, culminating in the completion of a heart. At the end of the video, life mirrors the image created on the wall, with the boy offering the soaking wet girl a red umbrella in the pouring rain, as a cab stops for them. Parts of it are shot in a split-screen. Throughout the video, Powter is shown with his tuque, playing his piano. The  Metro Red Line  subway in Los Angeles was used during the shooting of this video and prominently featured throughout. The area where the two meet and add the graffiti on the wall is on the mezzanine level of Pershing Square Station in Downtown Los Angeles. 
Critical reception 
Billboard called the song “one of the great discoveries of the year”[2] and the top One Hit Wonder of the 2000s. 
Release history 
Country Release Date 
Europe January 2005 (2005-01) 
Australia June 27, 2005 (2005-06-27) 
United Kingdom July 25, 2005 (2005-07-25) 
United States January 17, 2006 (2006-01-17) 
 “Bad Day” reached number seven on the Canadian Singles Chart; it was also successful in the United Kingdom, where it reached number two on the  UK Singles Chart  after it was used in an advertising campaign for Coca-Cola.[4] In the United States, it reached number one on the  Billboard Hot 100 . The song grew in popularity in the United States when it was used in the fifth season of American Idol in the farewell video packages for eliminated contestants. It was also featured in the compilation album Voices from the FIFA World Cup during the 2006 FIFA World Cup. It is also currently a popular song to play in sporting events, usually whenever the home team loses. It was even played after the 2008 U.S. Presidential election after John McCain’s concession speech. 
“Bad Day” has been certified 2x platinum by the RIAA in the U.S. for digital sales of over 2 million. The song was featured as a free download on the iTunes Store from August 2–9, 2005. It was nominated for a 2007 Grammy Award for “ Best Male Pop Vocal Performance ”. 
Billboard named “Bad Day” the No. 1 Hot 100 song of 2006. It is one of three “one hit wonders” to become Billboard’s single of the year, following 1958’s “Volare ( Nel Blu Di Pinto Di Blu )” by Domenico Modugno and 1962’s “Stranger On The Shore” by  Mr. Acker Bilk .[citation needed] 
On the 16th July 2008, it was revealed by BBC News that “Bad Day” was the most played song in the UK during the period 2003-2008. 
[edit] Cover versions 
“Bad Day” was covered by the fictional music group Alvin and the Chipmunks for their 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks. Their version made the charts in January 2008, debuting (and so far, to date) peaking at #86 on the Billboard Hot 100. 
“Bad Day” was also covered by Kidz Bop, also the first Kidz Bop song to be a single. 
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
Jump to: navigation, search 
“Bad Day” 
Single by Daniel Powter 
from the album Daniel Powter 
Released January 2005 (2005-01) 
Format CD single, digital download 
Recorded 2004 
Genre Pop rock 
Length 3:53 
Label Warner Music Group (USA) 
Sony BMG (Europe/Korea/Latin America) 
Writer(s) Daniel Powter 
Certification 3× Platinum (RIAA) 
Daniel Powter singles chronology 
 BAD DAY - A NJ FREE SCHOOL TEMPO MAP COMPARISON OF ELECTRIC AND ACOUSTIC VERSION 
 -- 
 /Ian Andrew Schneider/ 
 The NJ Free School 
 a division of the MEANSPEED® MUSIC COMPANY 
 January 30. 2010 
 BAD DAY - DANIEL ONE HIT WONDER POWTER'S TEMPO - sold to the National Football League 
 2*√15™ ©1988-2017 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured   Schneider 
 billboard magazine bpm_chart bpm_graph Complementary Medical Therapy Daniel Powter Grammy International Language iTunes jason adelman LeRoi Moore lyrics marc webb Mathematical Psychology MP3 music psychology National Football League NFL one-hit wonder PoC Psychology Self-Help Simon Cowell Steve Hackett Steve_Jobs Tempo Graphic Tempo in Sports tempo map tempo_mapping_method Time Timing Trance 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
