  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Croydon, England 
 Rate:  Up to £17.67 per hour + Van Fuel card etc. 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Multi Trade 
 I have a post come up for a Multi Trade Worker / Joiner to join a Emergency Repairs and Maintenance team covering Croydon and South London. 
 The role is full time working Monday to Friday 8am to 5pm and comes with a Company Van, fuel card, tools etc. 
 Guaranteed work through to next year. 
 The Post. 
 you will be responsible for carrying out emergency repairs and maintenance to void and occupied properties in South London, covering flood damage etc. 
 You will need to be an experienced Multi Trade Worker with Experience of working in Domestic settings in the past. 
 Main duties: 
 , Undertake and see through to completion of scheduled emergency repairs / maintenance work in the properties, Hanging Doors, repairing Cupboards, changing locks, basic Carpentry, tiling, Floor laying, basic plumbing etc. 
 , Carry out duties in a friendly, courteous and professional manner, respecting the tenants at all times. 
 Requirements needed to apply. 
 , A full driving licence required - 
, Qualification NVQ equivalent. 
 , CSCS Card 
 Other Info 
 , A van, fuel card, are provided. 
 If you have the skills mentioned above, I am keen to speak to you to discuss the role in more detail. 
 Call me on the number below or replying to this advert to have a chat about the posts. 
 Working with Service Care Construction offers many benefits including: 
 , A specialist consultant within an experienced Construction recruitment team 
, Consistently excellent rates of pay 
, An extensive range of Construction vacancies across the UK 
, Payroll service twice a week 
, Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know anyone who would be perfect for this role and they are placed into work you receive £250 once they have worked a certain length of time 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £17.67 per hour + Van Fuel card etc. 
 
 
 Location:  Croydon, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 13:57:45 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
