Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Becoming a Masterful Speechwriter 
 Noel Romero    20th November    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Becoming%20a%20Masterful%20Speechwriter%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fbecoming-a-masterful-speechwriter%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 It isn't easy to be a terrific writer. It can be particularly hard to be able to write strong speeches. If you're an aspiring speechwriter, you may feel as though you have your work cut out for you. Thankfully, mastering the art of speechwriting may be a lot less elusive than you imagine. 
 Be like  Roger Wolfson . This acclaimed television writer gets to the point. He's like so many of the greats in that he doesn't overwhelm audience members with information overload ever. If you want people to be able to easily follow your speech, it can help you to break it up into a handful of basic ideas. Refrain from cramming your speech with fluff. Prioritize the topics that matter the most. Visit Wolfson on LinkedIn for additional inspiration. 
 Emulate your natural talking style. Some of the most capable speechwriters are the ones who take the natural and fluid approach. That means that they pen speeches in line with their natural talking styles. If you want listeners to be able to relate to the concepts you're trying to get across, then you have to communicate like a living and breathing human being. Resist the urge to use overly complicated words. Make sure your enunciation is natural, too. If you portray yourself in a stiff and robotic manner, then you may risk seriously alienating the people you're attempting to reach. 
 Be vivid. People appreciate things that are tangible. Some of the most compelling speeches in the world are the ones that are brimming with things that listeners can easily and swiftly grasp. Don't confuse people with overly flowery and poetic sentences that may leave them scratching their heads in pure bewilderment. Talk to them using clear facts and logic. Provide people with vivid concepts that they can relate to fully. 
 Keep your sentences on the brief side. The reality is that many people these days have attention spans that are decidedly brief. That's the reason it can be a huge mistake to saddle speech listeners with sentences that are overly lengthy. Conciseness is a rare and beautiful thing in the writing sector. If you want to give your audience a speech that conveys your message in a straightforward and thorough manner, then you have to resist the urge to bore listeners with sentences that seem to go on for ages. 
 Just say no to vagueness. Vagueness is a common issue in the speech realm. It's also one that can bring on lasting harm. If you want to hook people in  using your speech , you have to see to it first that they genuinely comprehend every single word that comes out of your mouth. That means that you have to leave vagueness at the front door. Entice people with words that make them think and picture things. If your speech is all about vague and faraway concepts that people cannot easily or realistically picture, it may put everyone to sleep instantly. 
 Identify your aim before doing anything else. It can a huge mistake to try to pen any kind of speech without identifying your primary aim in advance. If you're not aware of what you want your speech to do for you, then you cannot be too surprised when it ends up not achieving much for you at all. If you want your speech to shine, then you have to be able to define what you want from it beforehand. 
 Get fully acquainted with all of your audience members. It isn't uncommon at all for speechwriters who lack much experience to make the mistake of failing to research them at length. If you want to be able to strike a chord, then you have to know exactly who you're communicating with, plain and simple. Study up on your audience members' daily lifestyles, overall goals, pastimes, wishes—the whole nine yards. If you know your audience like the back of your hand, then you'll be able to anticipate all of the  topics  that are most relevant to them. You will be able to cross off all of the topics that make them want to yawn as well. 
 Rehearsals can be priceless. Practice reciting your speech aloud. If you hear yourself saying things, then you may be able to decide whether they sound "correct" to you. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Why Online Degrees Open Interview Doors Faster Than Traditional Ones  
  _ _     How to Accelerate Your Career After-Hours  
  _ _     Finding the Value of Work  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
