
 
 Services
 
 coWORKing Desks 
 Private Offices 
 Meeting Rooms 
 For Tutors 
 Friends of WORK 
 Mailbox Member 
 
 
 Events 
 
 Classes 
 Socials 
 
 
 Blog 
 Members
 
 Public Directory 
 For Members Only 
 
 FAQ 
 Special Offers 
 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Contact Us 
 coWORKing Time Slots 
 Book a Meeting Room 
 
 
 Pay 
 About 
 
 About 
 Photos 
 How It Works 
 Green Credentials 
 Press 
 Testimonials 
 
 
 
 
 Lunchtime Lesson: 3 Big Mistakes Career Transitioners Make - FRI March 18th 2016 
 Many people long for work that fulfills them on multiple levels. Some want to make a positive difference by working for an organization that aligns with their interests and values. Others want to start or expand their own business and aren’t sure how. 
 Wanting a professional change, and actually taking the necessary steps are two very different things, and the smartest most qualified women and men often make similar mistakes. The longer it takes, the harder it can get to maintain focus, energy and motivation. 
 This Presentation is for you if you: 
 • Want to make a change professionally and can’t figure out what’s in your way. 
 • Think you’re taking all the right steps, but don’t seem to be getting where you want to go. 
 • Find yourself flip-flopping between different ideas. 
 • Notice you’re not taking action, and know in your heart you’ll regret not figuring this out! 
 You’ll leave with: 
 • An understanding of the 3 Big Mistakes. 
 • Insight into how you are getting in your own way, and practical steps to prevent these roadblocks. 
 • Energy, inspiration and clarity to get you moving again. 
 PLEASE RSVP HERE 
 $10 at the door for Non WORK Members  – help us keep the lights on and keep great programs coming your way!  WORK Members FREE including   Friends of WORK!  (a special membership level for you regular attendees) 
 12-1 PM in the WORK Library. Feel free to bring a bag lunch. 
 Bio: Clara   Chorley helps professional women and men around the world gain clarity about what’s next in their careers, and then take strategic steps to get there; whether that means upleveling their current career or figuring out something new. 
 She is the CEO and founder of Clarity Unlimited; and has an extensive and unique international background as a career coach and consultant, professional speaker, humanitarian, and insatiable explorer. 
 She is author of the best-selling book T.U.R.N.: 4 Steps to Clarity in your Life and Career. Clara has been interviewed by multiple radio shows, View from the Bay, and was featured in the documentary film Achieve Your Ultimate Success. She is an international speaker and proud TEDx presenter. Clara is trained in Voice Dialogue, a certified facilitator, and member of the National Speakers Association. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blog 
 Classes at WORK 
 coWORKers 
 Events 
 Press 
 Socials and Random Events 
 Uncategorized 
 WORKshops 
 
 Get WORK News 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Connect on  Facebook ,  Instagram ,  LinkedIn  and  Twitter 
 © WORK - All Rights Reserved 
 Privacy Policy & Terms of Use 
Design by:  YoungNomadBrand 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
