  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Corporate Image Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Corporate Image Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/corporate-image-1) 
 8 months ago 
 Graphic designer for new odoo website for a social enterprise (odoo... 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 7 
 Participant is looking for a skilled graphic designer to support our team on a per-project basis. We will have regular projects starting now with a new website, then .pdf product brochures, and other digital marketing assets. 
 Currently, we are building an e-commerce website on the Odoo platform (Designing in odoo is very similar to Wordpress). 
 Requirements: 
Experienced in designing Wordpress and/or odoo websites. 
Impressive portfolio of past success - websites and printed work 
Available starting in May 
Speak and write basic English 
 About our company: 
Participant Assistive Products  www.participant.life.   We develop assistive products, like wheelchairs, so that people with disabilities can participate more in society. We prefer to hire people with disabilities in LatAm. 
 Current project: 
We are moving our website from Squarespace to Odoo and adding e-commerce features. The new website will have all new photography, e-commerce capability, new layout, new navigation, and new content. The design concept is for a clean, minimal, lightweight website. 
We will duplicate the website for many different markets with different languages. Website is responsive. The website will be live on July 1. 
 Important: to control costs, we are starting with an odoo template and we are very little custom development. This may make the design work easier. And, there will be very little interaction with the developer. 
Basically, the graphic designer will make images and graphics (iconography) to fit the specs from the template. 
We will need some help on the concept level to direct photography and video. Photo and video will be done in the USA and later in Colombia. We are experienced on this but would like your input. 
 The graphic designer will assist on the design layout, navigation logic, and concepts for the photography. 
 Your role on the project: 
Improve the layout, direct photos, create icons and graphics, do complicated photo editing, and other graphic design jobs as needed. Assist by giving comments on wireframes, navigation logic, and concepts for photography. 
 Compensation: 
$250 - $500 depending on experience. 
 What you can expect from our team: 
We can do basic photo editing and advanced video editing. We will develop the copy. We will upload all copy and images to odoo. 
We have wire frames, navigation logic, and concepts for photography. We will handle communication with the developers who are in India, you are welcome to join the Skype meetings or not. 
 Future work: 
We will develop many brochures, additional product web pages, and lots of digital marketing assets. We expect that this will be around 20 hours per week for at least the next year. If the website project goes smoothly, we will offer you a regular contract. 
In addition to this graphic design work, we will make product animations in Keyshot. Please mention if you have experience there. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new custom design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. A. P. Last reply: 8 months ago  United States 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last year 
 Corporate identity 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 12 
 We are doing racing motorcycle spare part. We would like to hv a corporate identity to increase our branding. We request to have a vry recognize identity to stand the market 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 years ago 
 Looking for talented designers with experience in restaurant menu d... 
 Published: 3 years ago  Deadline: 3 Bids: 39 
 We are looking for talented designers that have experience with restaurant menu design, logo design and corporate image for some freelance restaurant work. Please share portfolio with previous projects with us so we can review your work. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Corporate image 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Changes to existing image 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. N. United Kingdom 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 years ago 
 A charcoal company needs a packing bag design 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 10 
 We need a paper-bag design for a new company called "Fracho". We'll have several product lines and now we are requiring the packing design for "Carbonera" line that is our charcoal line. We would like to see designs that use a dark background, the print will be full color and high definition so ideas are welcome. 
 The bag's content primarily is "Lump Charcoal", but we would like to use the same bag for 2 more products ("Charcoal Briquettes" and "Compressed sawdust"), so in some place in the bag we need to let the client know which product is picking out. 
 The style should be gourmet, but also needs to be distinguished when viewed from afar that the bag contains charcoal. 
 I'll require all the necessary files for high definition printing and also the editable files with all layers (.ai, .psd, etc). 
 I will send the text info that should be in the bag, the dimensions and a brief design we have been working (only to have as example). 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Bolivia 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 years ago 
 Web Design 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 9 
 To build a website for a structural engineering company with the following elements: 
•    Custom Website Design Layout (unlimited revisions) 
•    Installation & Setup of Wordpress Content Management System 
•    Integration of the Custom Design with Wordpress 
•    Inquiry Form 
•    Design & Layout of up to 10 pages 
•    Create Content for the entire website 
•    Social Media Integration 
•    Email Marketing Integration 
•    Image Slider/Sideshow: design of up to 5 image slide banners 
•    Mobile Dev1ce Friendly Experience: focus ease of use on 1PAD & iPhone devices 
•    Search Engine Friendly Site Structure 
•    Website Training (how to manage store, product catalog and site content) 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new custom design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. V. United States 
 Open 
 4 years ago 
 Coach Motivational Speaker 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 25 
 Hi! 
I need a logo with the initials of my name and writing too, with it, my name on the logo in order to throw myself in the labor market as a coach motivational speaker. 
Name to be worked: Fabiana Escrivani 
I wait for a return. 
Thank you. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Initials (A brand represented by one or more initials) 
 Published by:  F. E. Last reply: 4 years ago  Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 years ago 
 Arte para pagina inicial site - Loteamentos 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 11 
 Fazer uma cabeçalho para a pagina inicial do meu site 
Link provisório do site: 
 http://editor.wix.com/html/editor/web/renderer/edit/f2d6a822-2c44-4fb0-bfeb-c2bae02b52a5?uaToken=NYvzXsA9YxdTd-UT62VkMIvGH5JdoZewlWtiwOB4wOIahigs4M2HUH_rwGXy6_N_1W6TwyEjO-dW8IQlmDM5WXFVOBAY9SGtaKgjM1P_UBHGT4ldWlRsHxTwR6416IBzDo2QPKeYukgvGmFlAdsl8g&metaSiteId=7c139892-a23a-4f73-952b-ff66ef2d3c5f&editorSessionId=74666BE6-BF62-4F28-8B09-D5ED6A7D7056 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Banners 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Brazil 
 Open 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
