Skip to content 
 
 KDSL Global 
 Leading learning organization focused on empowering educators and education businesses globally 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About KDSL Global 
 Contact 
 
 Encouraging students to consider a career in teaching STEM* 
 January 11, 2018January 11, 2018  ~  kdslglobal 
 Profile on Julio Mendez: Science teacher, lifelong learner, and founder of the STEM Education Introductory Program 
 As well as being a busy Physics and Chemistry teacher in Chicago, Julio Mendez has founded the innovative STEM Education Introductory Program – it gives high school students the opportunity to earn college credit through a series of lectures and hands on teaching practice at a local middle school. We ask him all about the project, and how it came about. 
 ** 
You are a science teacher - where do you teach, and what led you down the path of both STEM and teaching?** **** 
 I teach Physics, Chemistry and the Education 101 class at Perspectives Charter School - Joslin Campus, in Chicago's South Loop neighborhood. I also teach Engineering courses (Project Lead The Way curriculum on Saturdays) through Project SYNCERE. This is a non-profit in Chicago's Kenwood neighborhood. 
 Teaching is a second career which found me more due to circumstance than through any active effort. I had returned to school for a Physics degree and was looking for a part time job when my wife suggested I look into Project SYNCERE. I decide to go interview and try it, and the rest is history, as they say. I fell in love with the kids' ability to look past all the crap they are dealt and still seek knowledge. Having been raised on Chicago's south side and dealing with a lot of the social issues they are living with made me relatable and my natural sarcastic demeanor and ability to look past slights allowed me to create good relationships with the students. I saw at once that this is where I needed to be and then I just found ways to keep pushing myself to learn, grow and sharpen my craft. 
 The STEM part is easier to explain: I'm a nerd. I love science and all that it tells us about the universe, I always have. I also understand the need for our communities to be better represented within these fields. We have been neglected for a long time and those who looked away are now realizing that they will need us in order for the world to continue its progress. 
 What inspired you to set up this program encouraging high school students to consider a career as science teachers? 
 When I was considering become even just a part time teacher, I started looking into the profession and the history of teaching and learning. I came to the realization that education is one of the oldest forms of community building that there is. Until recent human history, we have learned everything from the previous generations in our communities. From hunting and gathering, to planting and growing and so on, we learned it all from our elders, who did it before us and learned it from their elders. 
 When the opportunity with the Shell Oil Company and the Smithsonian Science Education Center and their call for applications came to my attention I knew the solution had to come from within the community, to create a new lineage of education. There is also a long tradition of finding "fixes" for our communities from outside, as if we hadn't the talent or abilities to be the solutions ourselves. I have seen our children do some incredible things and come up with some huge ideas that would amaze the greatest thinkers, but because they don't show high scores or even high rates of high school graduation, their ideas and grand thinking and potentials aren't acknowledged. Given all this I knew that the solution to a lack of science teachers of color had to come from our own ranks, the students of color. It was just a matter of convincing the kids they could be the solution and that being a teacher is a viable career (harder than it seems) and convince all the powers that be, this is a viable solution (harder than it should be). 
 Could you describe your aim in setting up the Education 101 program? Who is it designed for and what will they learn? 
 The biggest aim for the program is to give students of color the opportunity to see themselves as STEM subject teachers. Let them see a side of teaching that they don't get to see; mostly because they have a very different experience with the teaching profession. They do not have the opportunity to see a lot of themselves in these roles, so they can't identify with the profession. They just need to see they can and some might. 
 The students in the class are exposed to the history of education in the country, including the injustices our communities have gone through, the definition of what a STEM teacher needs to be, exposure to informal science education, observing teachers, the complexity of the classroom, the preparation for lessons, reading and writing college level papers. This will be set around Socratic discussions and group projects that will be catered to the students' abilities and raising expectations at every turn. 
 Was the creation of your program partly in response to the lack of diversity found in the teaching profession? 
 The creation of the program most definitely has to do with the lack of diversity in teaching. It is very difficult to be a teacher of color within a system which serves mostly students of color and yet we are an overwhelming numerical minority, especially in the STEM subjects. 
 A Student’s Perspective: Here’s what one of the course participants, Jada Woodard, has to say about the Program 
 Why did you apply? 
 I applied to the Education 101 course because I am thinking about being an educator. I thought it would give me the upper hand when I do attend college to study education. In addition, I wanted to find out if it was really something that I wanted to do. 
 What’s the best thing about the course? 
The best thing about the course is that I am able to learn about the previous educational system, the current educational system, and the future of the educational system. I love that I am able to give my perspective as a student while learning the perspective of a teacher. We are able to talk about topics within the educational system that others aren’t willing to talk about, students of colors and teachers. 
 What’s the hardest part of the course? 
The hardest thing about the course is actually putting yourself in the shoes of an educator. My student mindset slightly limits my ability to think like an educator. It is something that we as a class are working on to do. 
 What are you learning right now? 
At the moment, we are learning how to effectively make lesson plans. In a month or sooner, we will able to teach this lesson plan/activity to a middle school class using the five aspects of an effective classroom that we have learned. 
I think the reason there are not many STEM teachers of color is because of the lack of knowledge and resources. I think that in some schools STEM is a luxury. Although we do get taught science and math, it’s not taught or introduced in a way that makes it relevant to engineering and technology. 
 To learn more about the STEM Education Introductory Program contact Julio Mendez at jmendez@pcsedu.org. 
 *STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 career ready Chicago college curriculum diversity engineering high school Illinois innovation Julio Mendez math middle school Perspectives Charter Schools science Shell Oil Company Smithsonian STEM students teacher teacher leader teaching technology 
 Post navigation 
 < Previous iMentor Chicago 
 Next > Middle East Maths Teacher Conference 2018 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 THE MIDDLE EAST TEACHING AND LEARNING CONFERENCE - ONLINE 
 What Do Students Think? 
 Diversity: Challenges and Opportunities 
 Calling Us to Act 
 Oh, Say Can We See 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 카지노나라  on  “I am not a virus” 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Dribbble 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
