Skip to content 
 Work at Home Online for Free 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 My #1 Work at Home Recommendation 
 About Me 
 My Blog 
 Make Money Online Videos 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
   
   
   
 Search for: 
   
   
   
   
 Affiliate Marketing Jobs at Home 
 
 You’re where I was several years ago when I first started looking for affiliate marketing jobs at home. In this article, I’ll tell you how I landed the perfect affiliate marketing job, and where I got my (free!) training. 
 Way back in 2004, I started searching online for ways I could work from home. At that time, I didn’t know I could be looking for affiliate marketing jobs at home – I didn’t know about affiliate marketing at all yet. I ended up settling on Ebay, and had a fairly successful Ebay business for several years. Then, right around 2013, I got tired of doing Ebay. Although I was thrilled my business was doing well, the huge amount of shipping I had to do six days a week (seven during the holidays) was killing me! I never got a day off, had to work every weekend, and during the holidays it was nonstop. Again, I was grateful for the success, but when I set out to work at home online, working like a dog just wasn’t what I had in mind. 
 Affiliate Marketing Jobs 
 Tired of slaving on Ebay, I started searching online again for ways I could work at home. This was when I discovered affiliate marketing. I found an affiliate marketing course, paid money for it, and completed the training. I created a website, became an affiliate for Amazon, and I was thrilled! I thought I had found the perfect job. 
 But… 
 But what I didn’t know was that the training I received was far from sufficient. I now know that the affiliate marketing course I paid for was pitiful, actually, and didn’t even begin to cover everything I needed to know to be successful at affiliate marketing. They taught me how to become an affiliate for Amazon, and taught me how to create a website. That’s it. I had no idea that a whole lot more was needed for anyone to even  see  my website, let alone getting enough visitors to actually make money. 
 So I failed. 
 I tried to make it work for several months, but finally got discouraged and gave up. It wasn’t until 2015 that I really (really really really) got tired of Ebay and decided to try affiliate marketing again. 
 Affiliate Marketing Online Course 
 So I searched again for another, hopefully a  better  affiliate marketing course online. I was very fortunate this time to come across someone promoting a company called  Wealthy Affiliate.  They have a free affiliate marketing course for beginners. I signed up in August, 2015, and completed the free starter program. By the end of those classes, I had a new website and way more knowledge about how to actually be successful. And I loved it. I knew I had found one of the best affiliate marketing jobs online! So that November I upgraded to their Premium Membership, and continued on with the training. 
 Today I’m a full time affiliate marketer! 
 
 What is Wealthy Affiliate? 
 Wealthy Affiliate is an online affiliate marketing training company that teaches people not only how to do affiliate marketing, but how to be successful at it. You can read my complete review of Wealthy Affiliate  HERE.  Here’s my video telling you more… 
 Lessons Included in the Free Starter Membership 
 They have a free starter program that includes 10 free video classes showing you everything step-by-step. 
 Lesson 1:  Getting Rolling! 
 Lesson 2:  Understanding How to Make Money Online 
 Lesson 3:  Choose a Niche (niche means “subject”) 
 Lesson 4:  Building Your OWN Website 
 ** 
Lesson 5:** Setting Up Your Website 
 ** 
Lesson 6:** Getting Your Website Ready for SEO (Search Engine Optimization) 
 ** 
Lesson 7:** Finding Content Ideas from Keywords 
 ** 
Lesson 8:** Understanding Website Pages & Creating Your First 3 Pages 
 ** 
Lesson 9:** Creating Quality Website Content 
 ** 
Lesson 10:** Congratulations and Your Next Steps 
 The free starter membership also includes 10 free classes from their Affiliate Bootcamp training (more advanced). 
 
 Wealthy Affiliate’s Training Focuses on 4 Steps 
 1. Choosing an interest (what topic is your website going to be about?) 
 2. Building a website (step-by-step video training) 
 3. Getting traffic (the step that first training course I took forgot!) 
 4. Earning MONEY. 
 The free starter program explains the four steps and provides step-by-step video training on how to accomplish each step. Once you complete the free starter program, you’ll have a very good knowledge about how affiliate marketing works and how to do it. You can continue from there. 
 Wealthy Affiliate’s Premium Membership 
 If you want to continue your training, and actually make this into a full time career, you can upgrade to their Premium Membership. To read my complete review of Wealthy Affiliate’s Premium Membership, ** CLICK HERE  , **or watch my video below outlining the entire Premium Membership and what it includes. 
 If You Want an Affiliate Marketing Job 
 I personally love doing affiliate marketing as my full time job. I have two large websites I work on every week – the one you’re on right now, plus another,  PeopleLovingAnimals.com . I have two YouTube channels, and hundreds of email subscribers and social media followers. This website helps people make money online, and the other website helps animals. Seriously, I couldn’t be happier. 
 You can have your own business, work from home, set your own hours, be your own boss…that really is what an affiliate marketing job provides for you. I’m glad you found me, and I’m glad you now know about Wealthy Affiliate. You don’t have to be scammed – Wealthy Affiliate is the real deal. It’s REAL training. 
 
 I Hope This Helped! 
 I hope to see you in Wealthy Affiliate – I’ll be the first one to welcome you! Debra 
 For More About Making Money Online,  CLICK HERE 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Privacy Policy    Proudly powered by WordPress  
