THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP 
 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 May 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 GENERAL 
 HUMAN RESOURCE 
 
 Recent Posts: THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP 
 Who Dies In The Harry Potter Book - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 
 THE CURSE OF 27 
 Job Analysis in the Jobless World 
 Predicting Performance with Letters of Recommendation 
 The world in a tea cup 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 759 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP on WordPress.com 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 
 
 
 
 May 2014 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 
 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 
 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 
 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 Search for: 
 Category Cloud 
 GENERAL   HUMAN RESOURCE 
 Categories 
 
 GENERAL 
 HUMAN RESOURCE 
 
 Recent Posts: wikitainment 
 KUNG FU PANDA- SCRIPT 
 KUNG FU PANDA Written By Jonathan Aibel & Glenn Berger FINAL DRAFT June 3, 2008 1. EXT. VALLEY […] 
 "ROCKY" by Sylvester Stallone 
 This its the original script for the classic film ROCKY, a boxing saga where Rocky Balboa, a small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight the heavy-weight champion, Apollo Creed, in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect. 
 Cloud Computing and Business Development: The Concept 
 The Concept : Cloud computing is the use of computing resources both hardware and software that are delivered as a service over a network (typically the Internet). The name comes from the use of a cloud-shaped symbol as an abstraction for the complex infrastructure it contains in system diagrams. Cloud computing entrusts remote services with a user's data, software and computation. There are […] 
 The world in a tea cup 
 Originally posted on  THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP : 
Some of the world’s most beautiful places are those where man and nature have both had a hand in creating the landscape. Now let us begin our journey from golden tips of the tea leaf to the subtle cup in our hands, this is the tale… 
 Predicting Performance with Letters of Recommendation 
 Originally posted on  THE WORLD IN A TEA CUP : 
In psychology, it is commonly believed that the best predictor of future performance is to look at past performance. While it is not very difficult to verify the previous employment of an applicant, it can be rather difficult to verify the quality of his/her previous performance.… 
 Tags 
 Alan "Blind Owl" Wilson   Alastor Moody   Alexander Bashlachev.   Alexandre Levy   Amy Winehouse   Arlester "Dyke" Christian   Bathilda Bagshot   Brian Jones   Bryan Ottoson   Cecilia   Charity Burbage   Chris Bell   Colin Creevey   D. Boon   Dave Alexander   Dickie Pride   Dirk Cresswell   Dobby   Fat Pat   Freaky Tah   Fred Weasley   Gary Thain   Gellert Grindelwald   goodbye   Gornuk   Gregorovitch   Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   Hedwig   Helmut Köllen   human resource   industrial psychology   Jacob Miller   Janis Joplin   Jean-Michel Basquiat   Jeremy Michael Ward   Jesse Belvin   Jimi Hendrix   Jim Morrison   JOB ANALYSIS   JOB DESCRIPTION   Kristen Pfaff   Kurt Cobain   Leslie Harvey   Linda Jones   Louis Chauvin   Malcolm Hale   Maria Serrano Serrano   Nat Jaffe   NIRVANA   Nymphadora Tonks   performance   Pete de Freitas   Pete Ham   Peter Pettigrew   recommendation letters   Remus Lupin   Richard Turner   Richey Edwards   Robert Johnson   Rodrigo Bueno   Roger Lee Durham   Ron "Pigpen" McKernan   Rudy Lewis   Rufus Scrimgeour   Sean Patrick McCabe   tea estate   Ted Tonks   THE CURSE OF 27   THE DOORS   THE ROLLING STONES   Valentín Elizalde   Vincent Crabbe   Wallace Yohn   Who dies in the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows book   Wormtail 
 Blogroll 
 
 Discuss 
 Get Inspired 
 Get Polling 
 Get Support 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
   
 Posted on  May 8, 2014May 8, 2014   GENERAL ,  HUMAN RESOURCE 
 Job Analysis in the Jobless World 
 
 
 J  ob Analysis is one of the most important functions performed by an HR manager in an organization. It involves procedures for determining the duties and skill requirements of a job and the kind of person who should be hired for it (Dessler and Varkkey, 2011). Job Analysis includes Job Description and Job Specification. 
 
 
 While Job Description is a list of job’s duties, responsibilities, reporting relationships, working conditions, and supervisory responsibilities, Job Specification is a list of job’s “human requirements”, that is, the requisite education, skills, personality, and so on (Dessler and Varkkey, 2011). 
 A Jobless World 
 Joblessness is a dreaded scenario, not just for the political or governing class but also for people who are in the service sector. Over the last one decade, many countries both developed such as the US and the UK and the developing ones like India have witnessed growth without a similar growth in the number of jobs. One can attribute this to two main factors – increasing automation in jobs that are manual in nature and; the trend towards outsourcing and off-shoring. 
 According to Thomas Frey of  The Futurist Magazine  , the increasing use of machines to replace human effort is likely to cause 2 billion jobs to vanish by the year 2030. 
 “With technologies like driverless cars, robotic assembly lines, and teacherless schools on the horizon, the handwriting is on the wall…” says Frey who blames the complacency of the academic institutions and the myopia of the business leaders for the future jobless scenario that he has predicted. 
 And although Frey’s predictions may sound too apocalyptical to be true, one cannot ignore the fact that automation is replacing muscle power with electric power. Only time will tell whether they would be able to completely replace human beings or not. 
 However, the more contentious and politically controversial issue right now is not automation but outsourcing and off-shoring. 
 While outsourcing is sourcing of a job or a set of jobs to some external agency, off-shoring involves outsourcing to an external agency which is located beyond the geographical and political boundaries of the country where the job is originally created. Outsourcing has been a prevalent practice for quite some time now but with breakthrough innovations in the field of Information Technology, it has become possible to source work to people located thousands of miles away. In developing countries, any company, especially the one in service sector that aims to meet the cost challenge of its rivals cannot afford to ignore outsourcing and even off-shoring. 
 This creates a scenario where the jobs which would otherwise been performed by domestic employees being performed by foreign workers at a fraction of the cost. Moreover, it also possesses challenges for the HR managers in terms of job analysis. These challenges are discussed in the section below. 
 Challenges of Automation, Outsourcing and Off-shoring to Job Analysis 
 During the early years of industrial revolution, machines were viewed by workers are their biggest enemies because of their ability to perform tasks much quicker and at lower cost per unit. Those years witnessed numerous riots where workers stormed factories to destroy machines. However, as hoped by those workers, their actions did not lead to the business owners reverting back to the use of manual workers to perform tasks that were repetitive in nature. Instead, the use of machines opened newer and better opportunities for the workers as a result of which people in the West has been able to achieve high standard of living. 
 This trend which started at the dawn of the industrial revolution is continuing till date, albeit at a higher pace which brings us to the problem faced by HR managers during job analysis. As already discussed, Job Analysis which consists of Job Description and Job Specification involves determining the duties and skill requirements of a job and the kind of person who should be hired for it. 
 With unskilled jobs gone to the ‘unthinking’ machines, HR managers now have to analyze jobs that are suitable for the ‘thinking’ human beings. Moreover, the increased emphasis of the respective governments to enhance the education and skill of its people means that the jobs now created should be rewarding not just in terms of money but also in terms of job satisfaction. 
 As far as Outsourcing and Off-shoring are concerned, the challenges are of two types – 1. Regarding the types of jobs that should be outsourced by the outsourcer company and, 2. The job description of the outsourced job to be performed by the service provider. 
 The Remedies: 
 Conventionally job is more or less is unchanging specific set of duties that one carries out for pay. However the concept is changing rapidly. This has prompted managers to re-think how they conduct job analysis. Since the duties that entails a job today may be very different tomorrow. 
 From specialized to enriched jobs: 
 Job enlargement: assigning workers additional same level activities, thus increasing the number of activities they perform. 
 Job enrichment: redesigning jobs in a way that increases the opportunities for the worker to experience feelings of responsibility, achievement, growth, and recognition. 
 Job rotation: moving the person from department to department to broaden his or her experience and identify strong and weak points to prepare the person for an enhanced role with the company. Thereby systematically moving workers from one job to another, to enhance performance. 
 Competency- based job analysis: 
 Describing a job in terms of the measurable, observable, behavioral competencies (knowledge, skills, and/or behaviors) an employee must exhibit to do a job. As traditional job descriptions with the list of specific duties which may actually backfire if a high performance work system is the goal describing the job in terms of knowledge skill and competency the worker need is more strategic and helps maintain a strategic focus. The measurable skills, knowledge and competencies are the heart of any companies performance management system. 
 References: 
 Desseler, Gary and Biju Varkkey, Human Resource Management. India, Manipal press ltd,2011. 
 http://www.scribd.com/doc/53213321/18/Job-Analysis-in-a-Jobless-World 
 http://www.futuristspeaker.com/2012/07/the-threat-of-a-jobless-world/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 human resource   JOB ANALYSIS   JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Post navigation 
 <- Predicting Performance with Letters of Recommendation 
 THE CURSE OF 27 -> 
 One thought on "Job Analysis in the Jobless World" 
 
 Reblogged this on  wikitainment . 
 
 Kaushik Handique    , May 13, 2014 at 6:01 pm  
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
