  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  E-commerce jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Web to print solution - E-commerce 
 Published on the February 11, 2019 in IT & Programming 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 it-programming / e-commerce 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Hi, 
 Thank you for bidding on my project. I have the basic specifications of the project, but in general, the website should be similar to  https://www.vistaprint.com.  This will be a long project so I am looking for somebody committed for the way. 
 These are some of the requirements of the services: 
1. Business Cards - Standard or Rounded plus custom. 
Plus custom. 
 2. Packaging Bags and Totes 
3. Pens - value, give away and premium. (15 assorted styles for each) 
4. 
Cardstock marketing - calendar, postcards/flyers, notepads, envelopes, door hangers, menus, table tents, brochures. ( 
5. Drinkware - water bottles, mugs, plastic cups, glasses, paper cups, travel mugs. 
(20) 
6. Packaging boxes - corrugated boxes, wine totes, garment boxes, window box, bakery box, set up, boxes, gift boxes, economy mailer boxes, gable boxes, metal and tin containers. 
7. Magnets, pins and stickers - magnetic calendars, roll labels, product labels, custom stickers, window,decals, pins, name tags. (10) 
8. Accessories and signage - backpacks, coasters, posters, yard signs. 
 9. Clothing - tee shirts, golf shirts, sweaters and hoodies, jackets, dress shirts, hats, caps, toques. (10) 
10. Industry specific - Construction, wedding and events, pharma and medical, cafe, landscape, real estate, pizza, martial arts, fabrication, hotel, spa and massage, restaurant, school, bakery, trade show, auto. 
 11. Deals 
12. Sport specific - hockey, soccer, baseball,volleyball, recreation. 
Corners(30) plus custom. 
 - The website should have some form of order purchase description for production and administration staff. 
 Please advise if you believe there is a better method. 
 - Website Banners should advise visitors to other areas or specials on the site such as an ongoing deal on a product, another area of the site. 
- A video banner on the site and/or for youtube. If you are able to produce video commercials, for play 
- the branding color for the site should be shades of green. 
 - Live chat is necessary. 
- Search feature. 
 - English and French. This will be an ongoing process and you can advise whether this is included in your quote or not. 
 - Paypal, and etransfer should be modes of payment. 
 please read all the requirements before bidding, send me a proposal in how you will approach the project. In case you have work similar please show it to me, if not,  don't send an example of wordpress site. Like I mentioned above the site will be similar in term of the services that offer vista print. 
 Thank you 
 Category  IT & Programming 
Subcategory  E-commerce 
What is the scope of the project?  Medium-sized change 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
I currently have  I have specifications 
Required availability  As needed 
API Integrations  Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
Roles needed  Designer, Developer 
 Deadline: April 22, 2021 
 Skills needed 
 PHP   AJAX   API   CSS   HTML   HTML5   JavaScript   jQuery   MySQL 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  M. D.  
 14 
 Published projects 
 11 
 Projects paid 
 Verified payment method __ 
 Member since: March 2015 
 Project activity 
 7 
 Bids 
 7 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
 Other projects posted by M. D. 
 
 Portal Transaccional  Evaluating bids 
 
 3 proposals  Fixed price 
 View project 
 
 Marketplace Woocommerce with Multivendor ( Wc Vendor or Wc marketplace)  Evaluating bids 
 
 12 proposals  Fixed price 
 View project 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
