Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Specialist, Advanced Sport 
 City of Ottawa 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position:  Job Inventory - Specialist, Advanced Sport 
 Competition Number:  2019-EX-EN-52534147-01 
 Competition posting date:  2019.05.21 
 Competition closing date:  2020.05.18 
 Recreation, Cultural & Facility Services Department, Community Recreation & Cultural Programs 
1 or More Part-Time Continuous Positions - Up to 24 hours per week 
 Various shifts:  days, evenings, and weekends 
 Affiliation:  CUPE 503 PT RC & Aquatics 
 Salary:  $28.282 to $37.898 per hour (2019 rates of pay) 
 Location:  This position is available in multiple locations 
 Category:  Ongoing Inventories 
 Employment Group:  Recreation and Culture 
 Job Summary 
 The Advanced Sport Specialist is responsible for planning and implementing program content and for the 
instruction, coaching or coordination of advanced sport programs. 
 Education & Experience 
 Post Secondary Education desirable 
 Minimum (5) years demonstrated teaching experience or equivalent apprenticeship. 
 
 Experience and formal training combined with demonstrated performance and ability may substitute for 
 
 stipulated academic requirements. 
 Language, Certificates & Licenses 
 English oral, reading, writing required 
 French oral, reading, writing is considered an asset 
 Current Standard First Aid/CPR "C" certification 
 Current Automated External Defibrillator (A.E.D.) certification 
 AODA Accessibility Training 
 Minimum of Level 1 Certification required of Specialized Area or proven experience, training and ability 
 Vulnerable Sector Check 
 Note:  Under the age of 18, requires a Criminal Record and Judicial Matters check in place of the Vulnerable 
Sector Check. 
 Knowledge 
 
 City of Ottawa Policies and Procedures. 
 Demonstrated awareness of Safety/Security of programmes 
 
 Competencies & Skills 
 
 Ability to work in a team setting or independently 
 Maintain a fun and safe environment 
 Excellent interpersonal communication, leadership, organizational and programming skills 
 
 If this opportunity matches your interest and profile please apply online by using the "Apply" 
button. If this is your first online application please refer to our resources on how to apply for jobs online. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest, however, only those selected to continue in the selection process 
will be contacted. 
 The City of Ottawa is committed to providing quality services by establishing a qualified workforce that 
reflects the diverse population it serves. The City encourages applications from all qualified individuals. 
 Accessible formats and communication supports are available upon request. Please contact the 
HR Service Centre at 613-580-2424, extension 47411. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
