Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Grocery Department Manager 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
11839 26 Ave SW, Edmonton, Alberta, T6W 3B8 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Real Canadian Superstore is looking for Talented, Passionate Leaders with a proven record of delighting customers and growing sales. As a Department Manager in one of our stores, you will have an immediate impact on sales and customer satisfaction. 
 In this exciting role you will: 
 
 Lead, coach and motivate colleagues to improve productivity, engagement and retention 
 Be committed to maintaining merchandising and operational standards 
 Be accountable for departmental financial objectives 
 Be responsible for dry foods, frozen foods, and dairy aisles - ordering, backroom, inventory, and signage 
 Be constantly on the lookout for great talent to join our team 
 
 If you want to join a fast-paced winning team and believe you can have an immediate impact, then we want to hear from you! 
 Job Qualifications: 
 
 Previous retail management experience required 
 Exceptional customer service skills with a talent for building customer loyalty 
 Strong leadership and organizational skills 
 Ability to effectively communicate/listen 
 Computer skills (PC Applications; Outlook/E-mail, Excel) 
 Must be able to work days, evenings, Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays in a 
 
 Unionized environment 
 Here are just some of the things Loblaw Colleagues enjoy: 
 
 10% Colleague Discount Program on eligible products sold at Loblaw stores 
 Opportunities for career growth 
 Comprehensive training 
 Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program 
 
 We have been recognized as one of Canada’s top 100 Employers, Best Diversity Employers, and Top Employers for Young People. 
 All we need to continue our success is you! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
