Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Heavy housekeeping attendant 7/15 shift from 8:00 p.m. to 8:00 a.m. 
 Cogir 
 __Brossard, QC 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION: 
Experience the heart of a most exciting project at the Jazz Brossard retirement residence, with all the advantages of the busy and active life offered by Solar Uniquartier! 
 We are currently looking for heavy housekeeping attendants to join our team! Schedule 7/15 12 p.m. shift from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m. 
 Your contribution will allow us to provide a safe environment and a quality of life for residents. Come make a difference in the lives of our seniors and join us! 
 Managed by Cogir Immobilier, the mission of the Les Richeloises residence is to offer seniors a living environment in a safe and warm environment, where our wonderful team makes all the difference for our residents. Located on the edge of the Richelieu, the residence is warm and has the pleasure of welcoming autonomous and semi-autonomous residents. 
 ROLE AND GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Perform any other related tasks requested by the immediate superior or pertaining to their duties 
Construction 
 Clean storage spaces and maintenance carts 
Cleaning and performing floor maintenance duties in the common areas 
Maintain and clean the premises 
Food Services 
 Ensure the kitchen and equipment are kept clean according to established hygiene and cleanliness standards 
 EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS: 
1 year of relevant experience will be considered an important asset 
Up to date CPR / AED training certificates 
Professional training in general building maintenance (an asset) 
 BENEFITS: 
Recognition program 
Referral Program 
Uniform provided 
Employee Assistance Program 
Sick days and time off for family obligations 
Social Club activities, gifts and substantial discounts 
Ongoing training 
Consistent schedule 
Career Opportunity 
Welcome and integration Program 
Recognition program 
 JOB STATUS: 
 Permanent:  Full Time 
 JOB SCHEDULE: 
Night time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
