  
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 New Advertising Technologies 
 Digital Marketing Case Studies 
 Global Marketing/Advertising 
 
 Tag Archives: steve jobs 
   
 2014-09-06  by  Stephanie Pyrzynski  -   8 Comments 
 Perceived Value vs. Actual Value : Apple 
 2013-09-14  by  marinaperic14  -   3 Comments 
 Poking at Apple 
 Microsoft’s Windows Phone crew posted a long advertisement on YouTube that takes a punch at Apple and the two new types of iPhones that the company released last week. The video is called “a fly on the wall in Cuptertino.” If you watch the interesting video above, it shows two fake Apple employees (that are rumored to depict look-a-likes of the real Apple CEO and vice President, Tim Cook and Jony Ive). 
This commercial is different from the commercials that Windows usually makes when poking fun at iOS and Android cell phones. In the video, the person who the two employees are pitching their ideas to looks just like Steve Jobs. In the video, it shows the two workers calling the iPhone 5c phones fancy colored names (saying “vermillion,” when it is just pink and “chartreuse” for green). The commercial makes fun of the fact that it took Apple 6 months to create the idea of coming out multi-colored phones. 
The commercial then moves on to attack Apple yet again after saying that they created the newer phones out of plastic to save money. The man jokes and says that the company will not tell the customers that they are actually made out of plastic. 
Another memorable joke that they use against Apple is regarding the fact that the new iPhone 5s can not come in gold. The man says, “everyone likes gold, pirates, leprechauns and this guy (a random hairy-chested man, which I did not understand why it was meant to be funny). 
The video closes with a black backdrop and the hashtag “#timetoswitch” (implying the idea that consumers need to switch from IPhone to the Windows products). 
Right after I saw this advertisement, I rolled my eyes at how desperate and embarrassing Microsoft look in this ad. A day after the video was released on YouTube, Microsoft released the statement and said that they intended for the video to be a “light-hearted poke at our friends from Cupertino. But it was off the mark, and we’ve decided to pull it down.” 
In my opinion, I think the real reason they removed the video is because they realized from all of the negative comments and feedback from viewers that the video was very poor in creating a funny or good attack at Apple. We all know that these two are really competitive companies, so I expected a lot more from Microsoft. 
Although the company took it down, the parody commercial still lives on. I was reading the YouTube comments and one comment that got many likes on the site simply said, “lamest ad ever!” I agree that this was a bad move on Microsoft because they look really stupid at trying to come up with an attack on iPhone and then failed miserably at creating it. If anything, it just makes Apple look better! 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 2013-09-05  by  cpreciado2013  -   0 comments 
 Apple Lives On 
 On September 10, 2013 Apple will host its highly anticipated annual release event in Cupertino, California. Here they will introducenew products into the market. This years speculations are that two new iPhones will be introduced. The first being the iPhone 5C which according to leaked images and rumors will be offered in a variety of colors as well as be built with plastic materials which will lower the price. The second iPhone is expected to be called the iPhone 5S, will feature a faster processor, better camera, and fingerprint sensor for the home button. The iPhone 5S is also rumored to be available in a gold color. Third rumor for the apple event is the release of a possible new Apple TV. The much-anticipated iOS7 is also expected to finally make its appearance to the public. 
 With all this new technology to be released, Apple has done its usual secretive yet suggestive advertising, which spawns the many rumors behind the event. Apple events are always some of the most highly anticipated and covered technological events. This means Apple receives a lot of advertising whether it is intentional or not. For example, many technology websites have been continually writing about the possible releases which in turn sends users to the Apple website to research more. Thus, the coverage Apple receives whether it is negative or positive generates a steady stream of talk and advertisement for the company. 
 One of the more creative ways Apple has advertised their event on September 10th is by releasing an image of the Apple logo in front of what appears to be bubbles in all sorts of colors, with the caption reading “This should brighten everyone’s day.” Simple yet elegant advertisements like these rile up Apple fanatics because it implies that something is to be released that will surely satisfy those waiting. Yet, because the advertisement does not have any specifics as to what exactly will brighten up consumer’s days, Apple consumers become more eager to purchase or at least watch the event. 
 In the past, Apple ads have always included simple, sentimental teasers that give the illusion that the product is a one of a kind that cannot be competed with. Even though Apple ads tend to be simple, they are all meant to sell the consumer a product. Colors, music, captions, and logos all play a part in attracting the consumer into paying closer attention to the ad and falling in “love” with the product. For example, a recent T.V. ad for apple shows a variety of different people of all ages and ethnicities, doing everyday things all while a simple tune is played in the background and ending with the narrator of the commercial stating that the “signature” of Apple is everything. Ads like these tend to hit an emotional side for the consumer; the commercials goal is to relate to the consumer in everyway. In this commercial, it almost feels as though everyone with an Apple product is a family, everyone is connected in some sort of way. With Ads like these, Apple has created a loyal fan base that remains true to their preferred company. 
 http://youtu.be/Zr1s_B0zqX0 
 References 
 Stern, J. (03, September 13).  iphone 5s and 5c? apple event scheduled for sept. 10 . Retrieved from  http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/apple-iphone-5s-5c-event-set-september-10/story?id=20140770 
 Guglielmo, C. (03, September 13).  Apple to host special event sept. 10 with invite hinting at colorful new iphones . Retrieved from  http://www.forbes.com/sites/connieguglielmo/2013/09/03/apple-to-host-special-event-sept-10-with-invite-hinting-at-colorful-new-iphones/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Religous Anxiety 
 Lego Empowers Girls 
 An Apple Holiday 
 The Interview: Comedy or Act of War? 
 How McDonald's has fought the "gross food" comments 
 
   
 Tag Cloud 
 3D printing   2013   ad   ads   advertisement   advertisements   advertising   advertising campaign   Android   app   Apple   apps   AT&T   blog   blogging   blogs   Business   coca-cola   COMM200   COMM211   Commercial   communication   communications   cool   CULTURE   digital advertising   Digital marketing   Digital Media   Digital Media Tech   digital storytelling   Facebook   Facebook Ads   family   fashion   followback   Forbes   fun   funny   Google   Google glass   Instagram   interesting   iphone   iphone5c   iphone 5s   JAPAN   love   loyola   Loyola university Chicago   marketing   media   Microsoft   mobile advertising   model   net neutrality   new media   Nike   Pepsi   photography   privacy   security   september 10   Snapchat   Social media   steve jobs   storytelling   stupid   Super Bowl   Taco Bell   technology   Tim Cook   Twitter   United States   wordpress   YouTube 
 Search 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 Red Bull’s Integrated Marketing Communication 
 
   
 
 Deceptive Food Ads vs. Reality 
 
   
 
 Ikea's Valentines Day Take Over 
 
   
 
 Ethics of the Dove Beauty Campaign 
 
   
 
 Selling Ideas with Aesthetic Advertising 
 
   
 
 Taco Bell - Thinking Outside the Bun & Outside the Box 
 
   
 
 Technology in Dystopian Novels  
 
   
 
 Yogurt: A Case Study in Target Marketing & Product Differentiation 
 
   
 
 Save The Endangered Animals From Having Their #LastSelfie 
 
   
 
 The Highs and Lows of Digital Journalism 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Download Movie War S…  on  Studio Ghibli: Educating A Pop… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Unraveling the Trend…  on  Duracell Gets Energized 
 
 
 
 Digital campaigns an…  on  Red Bull’s Integrated Marketin… 
 
 
 Marko Phillips on  Fashion Bloggers vs. Fashion… 
 
 
 
 
 Media & Me…  on  Twitter is Our New Newspa… 
 
 
 
 Follow Loyola Digital Advertising [로욜라 디지털 광고] on WordPress.com 
 Loyola Digital Advertising_Facebook 
 
 Loyola Digital Advertising_Facebook 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
