UserName 
 Password 
 Login 
 1-800-562-0899 
   
 
 Home 
 Become A KOA Work Kamper 
 
 Become A KOA Work Kamper   KOA Work Kamper FAQs   Benefits   Code of Conduct   Sample Jobs 
 
 Education 
 
 Testimonials   Work Kamper of the Year Criteria   Work Kamper of the Year Awarded   Learn More About KOA   How to Use KOA U Online Certification Tracks 
 
 Tips 
 
 I’m a member! What do I do now?   How to Make a Good First Impression   How to Prepare a Great Resume   How to Interview Your Interviewer   Job Acceptance Best Practices   Snag a Work Kamper Job   Tips from a KOA Campground   Travel Certificate Reminders 
 
 Blog 
 Job Search 
 
 LOGIN 
 Job Acceptance Best Practices 
 
 I'm a member! What do I do now? 
 How to Make a Good First Impression 
 How to Prepare a Great Resume 
 How to Interview Your Interviewer 
 Job Acceptance Best Practices 
 Snag a Work Kamper Job 
 Tips from a KOA Campground 
 Travel Certificate Reminders 
 
 Before you start looking for a new Work Kamping position, here are a few reminders as you begin searching for your next KOA assignment: 
 
 Please commit to only one job position per season. We understand you want the best possible job to meet your needs, but job "stacking" is unprofessional and inconsiderate to campground owners and managers.  It puts campgrounds in a bind because they won't have enough staff, and it takes job opportunities away from other Work Kampers. 
 As a courtesy to our campground owners/managers, please respond to all job offers in a timely and professional manner. 
 If you have to back out of an accepted job position, please give a minimum of a two-week notice, preferably longer, to the hiring campground. Please keep in mind that they will have to find a replacement for you, so give them as much notice as possible. 
 Once you have accepted a position, don't forget to set your resume to "private". This makes your resume unsearchable by our campground owners. Or, you can adjust your availability dates accordingly. (Don't forget to set it back to "public" when you are ready to search for your next position!) 
 Honor your commitment by arriving to the campground as scheduled and working through your agreed-upon end date. 
 Important Tip: Keeping in touch with your hiring campground ahead of time encourages open communication and keeps both parties up to date with one another. 
 
 Good luck with your KOA Work Kamping endeavors! 
  Purchase Your Membership Now __    Renew Your Membership Now __    How to become a KOA Work Kamper __ 
 Contact Us 
 (C) 2021 Kampgrounds of America. All rights reserved. 
 
 
  KOA.com  
 
 
  Directory  
 
 
  Blog  
 
 
  Connect  
 
 
