Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Server 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Server is responsible for assisting in the preparation and serving of meals and providing catering services, ensures work areas are maintained in a safe and sanitary condition. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Prepares food for serving to residents; 
Ensures resident satisfaction with meal service; 
Responds to resident or family member concerns and ensures appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the Food Services Manager/Food and Beverage Manager; 
Performs the set-up, serving and tear down services at booked catering events; 
Effectively communicates and interacts with residents, family members, visitors and volunteers in a courteous and professional manner. Projects an appropriate image and focuses on customer service excellence. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Previous food services experience in a retirement residence, long term care residence or other hospitality environment; 
Completion of secondary school education or equivalent; 
Food Safe Level 1 Certificate is preferred; 
Smart Serve Certificate is preferred; 
First Aid Certificate is preferred; 
Ability or read, write and follow written and verbal instructions in English; 
Demonstrated empathy and understanding of the needs of seniors; 
Effective interpersonal and conflict resolution skills; 
Ability to organize work and work under strict time constraints. 
Bilingual (English/French) 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
