
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Integrated Engineering, Professor/Associate/Assistant Professor (AA22042) 
 Minnesota State University, Mankato 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Integrated Engineering, Professor/Associate/Assistant Professor (AA22042) 
 Minnesota State University, Mankato 
 [](mailto:?subject=Integrated%20Engineering%2C%20Professor%2FAssociate%2FAssistant%20Professor%20%28AA22042%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14253009/integrated-engineering-professor-associate-assistant-professor-aa22042/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 30, 2020 
 Location: 
 Mankato, Minnesota 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Location:  Virginia, MN 
 Full/Part Time:  Full Time 
 Employment Condition:  Probationary 
 Job Description: 
 This position supports the upper division integrated engineering program based in Virginia, MN. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: teaching/directing core competencies of the electrical engineering emphasis using project-based and active learning pedagogies; engaging in research/scholarly activities, including seeking funding for curricular reform and/or research/scholarly activities individually or collaboratively; supporting student growth and educational (project-based) experiences; continuing professional preparation; participating in the work of the program/department and service to the university and community. This position is based in Virginia, MN and will require occasional travel to Mankato, MN – generally one or two times per semester. 
 
 A typical faculty workload responsibility may include up to twenty four (24) credits of instruction per academic year. 
 The successful candidate may need to teach in other areas as assigned and qualified. 
 May be expected to develop and deliver face-to-face, hybrid, and on-line instruction at the Mankato campus, online, and/or at the university’s additional locations, as assigned. 
 The successful candidate will collaborate with colleagues in curriculum design, instruction and evaluation, conduct research productively and mentor students in research, help create innovative strategies for student recruitment, retention, and completion, and may be expected to develop external grant funding opportunities. 
 All faculty members are expected to engage in scholarly or creative activity or research, in continuing preparation and study, in contributing to student growth and development, and in providing service to the university and community (See Article 22 and Appendix G of the  IFO Master Agreement) 
 The successful candidate will be responsible for teaching undergraduate courses in electrical and computer engineering, engineering design, engineering professionalism. 
 The successful candidate will be expected to develop and deliver instruction at the location of Iron Range Engineering in Virginia, MN. 
 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 Doctorate or terminal degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Engineering Education or closely related field, conferred on an official transcript and received in Human Resources by completion of first semester. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Demonstrated commitment to fostering a diverse working and learning environment. 
 Demonstrated effective written, oral communication and/or presentation skills. 
 Demonstrated understanding of and willingness to support project-based and co-op learning across the breadth of electrical engineering with an emphasis on computer and/or software engineering. 
 Demonstrated ability to teach the courses across the breadth of electrical engineering with an emphasis on computer and/or software engineering, along with additional courses depending on the department's needs. 
 Experience teaching college level engineering courses or working with college-level students using active learning strategies. 
 Commitment to active learning and to developing innovative ways to support learning. 
 Demonstrated desire and commitment to teaching and mentoring undergraduate engineering students. 
 Demonstrated ability to work with faculty and staff in a collegial and cooperative manner. 
 Demonstrated willingness to work individually and collaboratively as a member of a team. 
 Demonstrate potential for research, creativity or scholarly activity. 
 Demonstrated success or strong potential for productivity in research, grant writing, creative activity and scholarship. 
 Experience with involving, or have potential to involve undergraduate and/or graduate students in research or creative activity. 
 Experience in industry, military, post-doctoral research, and/or formal and informal educational settings. 
 Demonstrated willingness to assist in program outreach. 
 
 Other Requirements: 
 Work safely at all times, which includes but is not limited to, participating and completing all required safety trainings, as well as performing all job tasks in accordance with Minnesota State University, Mankato policies and procedures utilizing appropriate tools, equipment and personal protective equipment. 
 About:   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: 
 Minnesota State University, Mankato's Iron Range Engineering (IRE) program offers an award winning, ABET-accredited Bachelor of Science in Engineering, with a new, progressive approach to engineering education that uses project-based learning (PBL) for upper division students. IRE and Twin Cities Engineering (TCE) were recognized as one of the top five emerging innovative engineering education programs (https://mankato.mnsu.edu/about-theuniversity/news-and-events/iron-range-engineering-recognized-by-mit-study/). The Bell program, which this position is associated with, extends the project-based approach to a mentored co-operative learning model. 
 Students who have typically finished their lower division coursework at a community college earn their degrees by completing one intensive project semester followed by two years of co-op and learning experiences. Coursework throughout the program supports design, professional and technical learning. Projects are sponsored by local and regional industry. The Integrated Engineering curriculum combines engineering design and the technical fundamentals of engineering with the development of their professional skills necessary to succeed as an engineer, such as teamwork, time management, oral and written communication, project management, professional responsibility and independent learning. Students can choose an engineering focus area by selecting elective credits in that area. Faculty support the technical learning of all students in her/his broad area of technical expertise as well as guide student teams as project team facilitators and mentors. Faculty collaborate across the department to support engineering student learning in our three programs (IRE, TCE and the Bell engineering program). 
 The program was developed using the knowledge and techniques supported by recent research on the development of technical and professional competencies expected of the engineer of the future. This position will include interaction with industry partners. There is an expectation of continued research and/or scholarly activity in this tenure-track probationary position. Additional information on the department and program can be found at: http://cset.mnsu.edu/ie and http://ire.minnstate.edu/bell. 
 The Department of Integrated Engineering is dedicated to building a culturally diverse faculty and staff committed to working in a multicultural and inclusive environment and strongly encourages women, people of color, LGBT individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Applicants will not be discriminated against because of race, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, national origin, citizenship status, disability, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, medical condition or any protected category prohibited by local, state or federal laws. 
 University Demographics 
 Founded as a Normal School in 1868, Minnesota State University, Mankato is a regional comprehensive university with a tradition of combining big-ideas with real-working thinking to find solutions for pressing problems in the state, region, and global society. Mankato, Minnesota, is a community of nearly 53,000 people, about 85 miles southwest of the twin cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul. 
 Serving ~18,000 students annually, the University is an applied research institution, with >200 academic programs, from bachelor's through doctoral degrees. The University is a diverse and global campus with 18+% students of color and 1,300+ international students from 95 countries, cutting-edge information technology solutions, 3 additional locations, and extensive partnerships. With ~1,700 faculty and staff, the University has an annual budget of $216 million, and generates $781.5 million in economic impact per year. Minnesota State University, Mankato is a member of the Minnesota State Colleges & Universities. Noteworthy facts include: specialized accreditation, certification, or recognition, by more than 24 accrediting bodies; designation as a Non-Land Grant College of Agriculture, by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) in 2015; selection among the top 10% of American Association of State Colleges & Universities (AASCU) institutions for the Re-imagining the First Year of College (RFY) position project; and an Intercollegiate Athletics program that has ranked in the top 5 nationally within the Learfeld Sports Directors’ Cup standings for 7 of the last 10 years. 
 We seek to attract teaching and research-active, culturally and academically diverse faculty members, with a demonstrated commitment to creating an inclusive learning and working environment. Minnesota State University, Mankato, is student-centered and focuses on applied research that expands knowledge; improves learning; and serves the region, state, and nation. Additional information on Minnesota State University, Mankato can be found at:  www.mnsu.edu 
 ** 
APPLICATION PROCEDURES:** 
 To apply for this position, please continue the process via this website:  http://www.mnsu.edu/hr/vacancy/ 
 A complete online application will include the following attachments. Incomplete applications will not be reviewed by the search committee. 
 
 Cover Letter 
 Resume/Curriculum Vitae 
 Contact Information for three (3) references 
 Unofficial Transcript(s) of your highest completed degree 
 A brief (no more than one-page) diversity statement presenting a commitment to or experience working in an equity-minded environment 
 A 1-2 page written statement of your teaching philosophy (including your experience or familiarity with the use of project-based 
learning and/or learning outside of traditional classrooms) 
 
 CONTACT INFORMATION: 
Rebecca Bates 
Integrated Engineering 
Phone: 507-389-5587 
TTY: 800-627-3529 or 711 
Email: rebecca.bates@mnsu.edu 
 *Employment for this position is covered by the collective bargaining agreement for the Inter Faculty Organization which can be found at:  http://www.mnsu.edu/hr/bargaining.html 
 NOTICE: In accordance with the Minnesota State Vehicle Fleet Safety Program, employees driving on college/university business who use a rental or state vehicle shall be required to conform to MN State’s vehicle use criteria and consent to a Motor Vehicle Records check. 
 The Minnesota State University, Mankato Annual Security and Fire Safety Report is available for your review. This report is required by federal law and contains policy statements and crime statistics for the University. The policy statements address the school’s policies, procedures and programs concerning safety and security. Three years’ worth of statistics are included for certain types of crimes that were reported to have occurred on-campus, or in other University affiliated locations. This report is available online at:  http://www.mnsu.edu/safety/  You may also request a paper copy from University Security at 507-389-2111, or by emailing  security@mnsu.edu 
 Benefits Info: 
 The following link provides a brief overview of benefits available to eligible employees of Minnesota State University. 
 Select the IFO Summary (Faculty) link from the list for specifics of that plan. 
 Benefits Overview 
 Desired Start Date:  08/16/2021 
 
 
 Internal Number: 1726 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Minnesota State University, Mankato 
 Minnesota State University, Mankato is where tireless thought and innovative research bring real solutions to real needs. The University's environment of big ideas coupled with real-world thinking equip Minnesota State Mankato students to go well beyond expectations and into exciting, rewarding futures.A growing international reputation for breakthrough research distinguishes the University, as does the unique quality of life that marks the proud community of greater Mankato. 
 Connections working at Minnesota State University, Mankato 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
