
   
 
 Home 
 WAF Community 
 NXT @ WAF 
 News __ 
 
 Auto News 
 Press Room 
 News Wire 
 
 
 WAF TV 
 Think Tank __ 
 
 WAF Think Tank 
 WAF Innovators Club 
 
 
 CXO Café __ 
 
 CXO Jobs 
 CEO's Note 
 
 
 WAF Rockstars __ 
 
 WAF Awards 
 Hall of Fame 
 
 
 Annual Partners 
 M&A; Services 
 
 __Menu 
 __ 
 
 U.S. auto industry workers return to jobs amid concerns of second virus wave 
 Posted on  May 14, 2020May 14, 2020  by  admin 
 DETROIT (Reuters) - Factory workers began returning to assembly lines in Michigan on Monday, paving the way to reopen the U.S. auto sector but stoking fears of a second wave of coronavirus infections as strict lockdowns are eased across the country. 
 With millions of Americans out of work and much of the economy at a virtual standstill, a growing number of states are relaxing tough restrictions on commerce and social life put in place to slow the outbreak. 
 Some auto suppliers in Michigan, a Midwest industrial powerhouse hard hit by the pandemic and its economic fallout, reopened plants on Monday with skeleton crews to get ready for a resumption of vehicle production next week. 
 Skilled-trades workers and salaried employees also began returning to auto assembly plants to prepare for the wider restart. 
 “We’re starting up our foundry this week in anticipation of the orders coming in next week,” Joe Perkins, chief executive of Busche Performance Group, an engineering, casting and machining firm, said in a telephone interview. 
 Factory workers will be issued face masks, checked for fever and required to submit health-screening questionnaires. 
 “All of that’s ready to go,” Perkins said. “The big question is are people going to be buying cars and trucks.” 
 MUSK DEFIES LOCKDOWN 
 The manufacturing reopening approved last week by Governor Gretchen Whitmer was crucial not only to auto plants in Michigan but to vehicle production elsewhere because so many key parts suppliers are based in and around the automaking hub of Detroit. 
 Detroit’s Big Three automakers – General Motors Co ( GM.N ), Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV ( FCHA.MI )( FCAU.N ) - said last week they planned to restart production at North American plants on May 18. The target date was set after tacit approval from the powerful United Auto Workers union, which previously opposed a May restart as “too soon and too risky.” 
 Ford said it had adopted safety protocols from China, where car production resumed in late February, including personal protective garments on assembly lines, barriers separating employees clustered together and heavily sanitized work areas. 
 Much is at stake. The auto sector accounts for 6% of U.S. economic output and employs more than 835,000 Americans. 
 A small but high-profile sector of the U.S. auto industry became a flashpoint in California on Monday as Elon Musk, chief executive of electric carmaker Tesla Inc ( TSLA.O ), defied local health officials and restarted his factory outside San Francisco. 
 ADVERTISEMENT 
 PAID FOR AND POSTED BY REUTERS EVENTS 
 Global Heath: An Investor’s Perspective 
 Live with PATH Global Health CEO Nikolaj Gilbert & Ares Management Partner Joel Holsinger 
 Sign up for free > › 
 California Governor Gavin Newsom had given the OK for manufacturing to reopen statewide on Friday, but Alameda County’s more stringent lockdown orders barring factory operations for another week supersede Newsom’s authority. Musk, who had threatened to move his plant to another state unless officials relented, said on Twitter that production resumed on Monday, adding he would join workers on the assembly line. “If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me,” he wrote. 
 U.S. DEATH TOLL CLIMBING 
 Moves to loosen the clampdown have played out even as the number of lives lost continues to rise. Well over 80,000 people in the United States have died in the pandemic out of more than 1.35 million known U.S. infections reported since Jan. 20, according to a Reuters tally. 
 Ohio, another industrial state and key player in the U.S. auto industry, reopened its manufacturing last week and said most retail shops could welcome customers back on Tuesday. 
 Even New York, epicenter of the U.S. crisis, was set to ease some rules, permitting certain low-risk activities like landscaping, tennis courts and drive-in theaters to reopen this weekend in rural areas. 
 Slideshow (18 Images) 
 “We took the worst situation in the nation and changed the trajectory,” Governor Andrew Cuomo said. 
 Pressure to loosen business constraints has mounted under a rapidly deteriorating economic outlook. The pandemic has put more Americans out of work than at any time since the Great Depression of the 1930s, prompting Congress to pass trillions of dollars in emergency relief. 
 MASKS AT WHITE HOUSE 
 Republican President Donald Trump, accused by Democrats of playing down and mishandling the outbreak, has pushed to swiftly reopen the economy, seen as key to his re-election bid on Nov. 3. 
 In a tweet, Trump on Monday again accused Democrats of taking their time lifting restrictions to embarrass him, a charge they have denied. 
 Public health experts have warned that moving too quickly to reopen, without vastly expanded diagnostic testing and other precautions firmly in place, risks fueling a resurgence of the virus. Polling shows a majority of Americans also concerned. 
 While permitting a return to manufacturing, Whitmer maintained an order requiring residents to remain mostly indoors when not at work. “We’ve got to remember that continuing to stay home … is the key to helping us lower the chance of a second wave,” the Democratic governor said. 
 Separately, the White House directed its staff to wear masks at all times in the building, except when at their own desks, a senior administration official said. Trump’s valet and Vice President Mike Pence’s spokeswoman both tested positive for the coronavirus last week. 
 The White House situation has had ramifications far beyond the nation’s capital. Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds was following a modified self-quarantine because of possible coronavirus exposure during a White House visit and meetings in Iowa with Pence last week. 
 Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker was working from home after a senior staff member tested positive last week. Pritzker tested negative on Sunday, according to his office. 
 Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit, Maria Caspani in New York, Doina Chiacu and Lisa Lamber in Washington and Nathan Layne in Wilton, Connecticut; Writing by Steve Gorman and Paul Simao; Editing by Bill Tarrant, Cynthia Osterman and Peter Cooney 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 [](whatsapp://send?text=U.S.%20auto%20industry%20workers%20return%20to%20jobs%20amid%20concerns%20of%20second%20virus%20wave https%3A%2F%2Fworldautoforum.com%2Fu-s-auto-industry-workers-return-to-jobs-amid-concerns-of-second-virus-wave%2F) 
 __ 
 
 Post navigation 
 The Auto World This Week | Things are Looking Up! 😃 👍 
 The Auto World This Week | Positive & Impactful Stories from Motown 🚀 
 Categories 
 
 AutoNews 
 MasterClass 
 NewsWires 
 Press Room 
 Think Tank 
 Uncategorized 
 WAF Hall of Fame 
 WAF Innovators 
 WAF M&A 
 WAF Think Tank 
 World Auto Forum Summits 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 February 2018 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 admin on  Welcome by Anuj Guglani CEO World Auto Forum 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 8th WAF Awards Awards Ceremony Today! 
 VW India elevates its Future Leader - Vishal Bhat 
 Apple's Biggest Miss : Not Acquiring Tesla at a Tenth of its Current Price, 2 yrs back 
 Industry Outlook 2021 : Overall Seems Positive 
 WAF creates History by getting together Top Global After Sales Experts for Best Practices Sharing 
 
   
 Annual Gold Partners 
   
 Annual OEM Gold Partner 
   
   
 Annual Partners 
   
   
   
   
   
 Annual Associate Partner 
   
  World Auto Forum Awards To Reward & Recognise Auto Maker CXO's  
  Motor Uncle Car Selection & Buying Simplified - It's time to MU!  
  ALEN Automotive Legal Experts Network The Finest Automotive Legal Minds to discuss & resolve Industry Challenges  
  Lunch with the WAF Stars When the WAF Award winning Auto Maker CXOs meet!  
  India Vehicle After Sales Summit - IVASS The Entire Vehicle After Sales Eco System in a hall  
  India Vehicle Sales & Marketing Summit - IVSMS The Entire Marketing & Sales Auto Ecosystem in a Hall!  
  HEVEN Hybrid & EV Expert Network Top Experts of Hybrid & EV together for a Greener Planet  
  World Auto Forum on IT - WAFit! Auto CIO's, CXO's & IT Co Heads in a Hall  
  Citizens for Better India 'Remember Your Duties & Don't Forget your Rights!'  
  Jan Oorja Producing Bio CNG from Waste for a Greener & Healthier Earth  
 Partner World Auto Forum for Success in Global Auto & Mobility Industry 
 INDIA 
D-1/25 
Vasant Vihar, New Delhi 
110057 India 
 USA 
2232, South Main Street 
Suite 250 Ann Arbor, MI 48103, 
Detroit USA 
 Hello WAF! 
+919810552425, +918368746841 
 Email 
awards@waf.bz , anuj@waf.bz 
 Copyright 2009-2021 World Auto Forum 
All Rights Reserved. 
 Stay Updated with Global Auto Industry 
 with our Weekly Newsletter & Communication. 
 600k Global Industry Leaders Read it! 
