Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Psychologist - Rehabilitation & Supportive Care Services 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Req ID:  100639 
 Location:  Central Zone, Nova Scotia Rehabilitation and Arthritis Centre - QEII 
 Company:  NSHA 
 Department:  OPCZ ABI Clinical Psychiatry 
 Type of Employment:  Regular Hourly PT (50% FTE) x 1 position(s) 
 Union Status:  Healthcare NSGEU 
 Posting Closing Date:  1-Dec-20 
 Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM on the Closing Date. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is the largest provider of health services in Nova Scotia. We are over 22,000 employees who provide health care and support services in hospitals, health centres and community-based programs throughout Nova Scotia. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority provides health services to Nova Scotians and some specialized services to Maritimers and Atlantic Canadians. We operate hospitals, health centres and community-based programs across the province. Our team of health professionals includes employees, doctors, researchers, learners and volunteers that provide the health care or services you may need. This is accomplished across four geographic management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient, outpatient services including academic, tertiary, quaternary care and community based programs and services including continuing care, primary health care, public health, and mental health and addictions. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Rehabilitation Psychologist is an essential member of the Rehabilitation and Supportive Care portfolio of Nova Scotia Health Authority. Psychologists are responsible for the planning, delivery, and evaluation of services as well as the education and supervision of students at the QEII Health Sciences Centre. Nova Scotia Health Authority offers a CPA accredited pre-doctoral internship program in Clinical Psychology. The Rehabilitation Psychologist provides assessment, intervention, teaching, research, and consultative services within an interdisciplinary approach to clinical care, and works collaboratively with staff in the Medical Divisions of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. 
 The responsibilities of this appointment are with our Rehabilitation Network, with primary focus on in-patient rehabilitation with acquired brain injury, other neurological, spinal cord injury and musculoskeletal patient populations. The successful applicant will be responsible for providing psychological assessment, rehabilitation and consultation to three in-patient tertiary rehabilitation units: a 21-bed neurological/spinal cord injury (Neuro/SCI) unit, a 23-bed in-patient acquired brain injury (ABI) unit, as well as a 22-bed musculo-skeletal (MSK) rehab unit. 
 The psychologist may be required to provide services throughout Rehabilitation and Supportive Care Services. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Doctoral degree from a recognized, accredited program in Clinical Psychology with a strong rehabilitation or clinical health psychology background, including a one-year accredited clinical pre-doctoral internship is required 
 Registered or eligible for registration with the Nova Scotia Board of Examiners in Psychology (NSBEP) is required 
 A minimum of 2 years training and experience working in rehabilitation is preferred 
 Familiarity with behavioral or rehabilitation programming is highly desirable 
 Familiarity with rehabilitation or clinical health psychology assessments and interventions is highly desirable 
 Applicants should have a strong interest in teaching and research and must demonstrate the potential to contribute to the clinical, research, and training activities within Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 Formal training and clinical experience conducting brief in-patient psychological assessments, psychological interventions and consultation 
 Demonstrated experience and expertise in formulating and implementing treatment plans 
 Self-directed in his/her practice with an ability to work independently and as an effective member of a multidisciplinary team while dealing with challenging clinical situations 
 Demonstrated knowledge and skills in program evaluation and clinical research would be an asset 
 Willingness to provide clinical supervision to students and interns, and willingness to incorporate such responsibilities into their work routine 
 Capacity and interest to undertake research and program evaluation as part of work responsibilities 
 Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
 Successful external applicants are required to provide a criminal record check (including Vulnerable Sector Search) to People Services before starting employment and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment 
 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must demonstrate such equivalencies in their application. Candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information. 
 Hours of Work 
 
 Permanent, Part-time (50%) position; 37/5 hours b-weekly 
 
 Salary Information 
 $47.0628 - $58.8286/hourly 
 Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Typically interviews are held within three to four weeks of the closing date. 
 Successful external applicants will be required to submit the below documents and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment. Additional documentation such as banking & proof of identity will be included in your offer letter. 
 Criminal Record Check 
Proof of education & training certifications 
Proof of any additional required qualification 
Valid registration with the relevant licensing body 
Submission of immunization record along with health assessment documentation 
Proof of SIN number 
 Hiring Process will depend on the timeliness of delivering the above. This is a Healthcare bargaining unit - NSGEU position. Preference is given to bargaining unit employees for unionized positions. Nova Scotia Health Authority is proud to provide a smoke free and scent free environment. Only online applications are accepted. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) is committed to being a workforce that is free of discrimination, values diversity and is representative, at all job levels, of the people we serve. Our priority groups are Aboriginal People, African Nova Scotians, Persons with Disabilities and Recent Immigrants. Members of these groups are welcome to apply and self-identify if they wish to be considered under our Employment Equity policy. 
 Follow us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/NSHA.Recruitment/ 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
