Skip to content 
 
 Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog 
 Going For Lifestyle, Travel, Beauty, Fashion, Germany + 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 ABOUT ME 
 
 
 DAILY LIFE 
 
 IN GERMANY 
 LEARNING 
 INSPIRATION 
 ESSAY 
 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 BEAUTY 
 FASHION 
 HOME DECOR 
 TRAVEL 
 ART + CULTURE 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Facebook - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Instagram - Authentic Grace 
 
 
 Twitter - Authentic Me 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 Amazon 
 
 
 About Authentic Me 
 Authentic Grace is Mysterious but Adventurous   Enjoying Posting About What I feel, How I live and What I love with Sincerity and Authenticity! 
 Keywords Of The Blog? 
 Lifestyle / Travel / Beauty / Fashion / Home Decor / Culture & Art / Essay / Life in Germany + 
 Search for: 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 Instagram 
                 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Home Decor – Geometric and Abstract Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  23rd January 2021 
 Home Decor - Recommendable Unique Wall Decor Digital Prints That You Would Love / Besontique  19th January 2021 
 Beauty - The Best 2 Ways How to Make Essential Lemon Oil At Home  30th December 2020 
 Beauty - How To Prepare Base Skin For Natural Style Makeup (ft. K-Beauty)  29th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 11 Tips for Efficient Home Cleaning & Organizing  27th December 2020 
 Home Decor - The Best 5 Ideas To Utilize and Decorate Your Front Door Space  25th December 2020 
 Beauty - Essential Tips How To Care Oily Skin In Cold Winter Time  24th December 2020 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Advertisements 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Authentic Grace Me’s Life Blog on WordPress.com 
 Tag: Career in germany 
   
 How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 Photo: Depositphotos/Vadymvdrobot 
 You do not also have to be nervous or anxious if you don't fit the criteria for a job. Many people become dissuaded from applying for a job _because they don 't meet all of the requirements. _One question that I get asked regularly. How do I know if I can apply for a job, if I do not fit all required conditions? 
 There are two ways to decide if a job offer fits you. 
 Advertisements 
 1.It's just Idealistic  Requirements 
 First, realize that most job descriptions belong into the fantasy aisle of the book store. HR will list all imaginable skills for the "perfect" candidate. But nothing in our world is perfect. If the HR department did a good job, the skills and requirements are in declining order of importance. 
 If you meet more than a half of the requirements, Feel free to apply. 
 _  But be aware, The actual job requirements might be quite different from what you have read in the job description. _ 
 A while back I got a mail from one of my coaching clients: She sent me the link to a company that offered jobs in English. There were about 20 positions, from accounting to software development to sales. Every single job description was exactly the same… 
 Advertisements 
 2.  Are you able to perform the job? 
 The second way. Ask yourself honestly. 
 If I get hired, can I actually perform this job and deliver the results expected? 
 Photo: Depositphotos/VitalikRadko 
 _One engineer told me the story of his first job in Germany. In the interview process he said "yes" every single time when the employer asked him if he knew a software or had worked with a tool. 
 He got the job, but on his first day at work it became immediately obvious that he couldn't use any of the software mentioned. His colleagues made him cook coffee and copy documents._ 
 Embarrassed, he quit after one week, and since then has been completely upfront about his skills and knowledge. (He has a very successful career in Germany now.) 
 Advertisements 
 So, the question you should answer yourself is:  How will I actually perform my duties, even if I work in a German language environment, but speak only English? 
 Saying "I will figure it out" is nice attitude, but won't convince a German manager.  You will need to actually be able to explain this in detail. Step by step.  If you can do that: Apply for the job! (No matter if it's in English or German.) 
 As a matter of fact:  Smart people will always find a way to overcome the language challenge.  You use Google Translate, ask your colleagues or hire an intern who will translate for you during the first months. 
 And shouldn't that be the real objective for an employer? To hire smart people who find solutions? 
 Related Post 
 GETTING A JOB IN GERMANY – TOP 8 USEFUL JOB SEARCHING PLATFORMS 
 
 Reference 
 https://www.thelocal.de/20191228/how-to-get-a-job-in-germany-if-you-dont-fit-all-the-criteria 
 
 Posted on  13th March 202012th March 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany Tags  Career in germany ,  DAILY LIFE ,  Foreigner in Germany ,  GERMANY ,  Get A Job in Germany ,  jobs ,  Life In Germany ,  The Local ,  working in germany Leave a comment on How To Get A Job In Germany As Foreigner Against Idealistic Requirements     
 LIFE IN GERMANY - 6 Best Cities In Germany For Work You Must Know 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 Using a comprehensive methodology, based on German cities’ performance in vital aspects related to work like  job offerings, salaries, living costs and future prospects  , I present the list of best cities in Germany for work. 
 from GIPHY 
 Let 's get started of the 6 best cities in Germany for work! 
 
 
 Frankfurt 
 
 from wikipedia 
 Frankfurt is the fifth biggest German city being home to 717,624 residents, according to the latest official recordings. In terms of area coverage, it is  the largest city in the state of Hesse . Frankfurt is a  global leading financial center. 
 European Central Bank, Deutsche Bank, German Federal bank and other big financial bodies are located in this city. There is also one of the busiest airports in the world, the Airport of Frankfurt, which is one of the biggest employers in this region. 
 Taken into consideration this variety of modern industries in Frankfurt and finances, they generate for you way above living costs make this place one of the best German cities for work. Yet another indication of its attractiveness for work is the low percentage rate of unemployment, which traditionally lies below the average of around 5% in Germany. 
 Advertisements 
 
 2.Berlin 
 from oeb.global 
 The German capital Berlin  is home to big and globally recognized companies which are among the biggest employers in the globe. Berlin is an  endless pool of job opportunities and career pathways, thus the number of expats  coming to seek jobs in this city has been ever-growing. 
 There is a wide range of salaries, high enough to build a safe and bright future despite the fact that living costs in Berlin are quite higher. In addition to countless job opportunities and financial benefits, Berlin is a perfect thriving environment for aspiring individuals who are eager to start a successful career in big companies. ICT, media and Innovative technologies are the strongest employment sectors in Berlin. 
 The city is  a leader in energy and environmental technology.  Its Manufacturing sector is also highly attractive, combining traditional and modern means of working in this industry. Berlin is becoming a tourism attraction too. 
 
 3.Munich 
 from independent.co.uk 
 The largest city in the state of Bavaria  , Munich is a mecca for prospective employees. The city enjoys a strong international profile in the industrial sector, particularly in Engineering, innovative technology and health industries. 
 According to official statistics in 2013 over 750,000 people were employed in the city of Munich at that time, mostly in trade, communication, science, transportation, government and entertainment. Also, a significant proportion of employees are engaged  in the manufacturing industry. 
 Cost of living in Munich is higher compared to the majority of German cities. Fortunately, wages stand well above the national average thanks to a large supply of highly qualified employees. 
 For example, a Pilot earns €61,02 per hour whereas a hairdresser earns €9.05 per hour. To recap it, despite the high cost of living, higher earnings, unlimited job opportunities and an immersive environment make Munich one of the best cities in Germany for work. 
 Advertisements 
 
 4.Hamburg 
 from dataconomy.com 
 Hamburg is  the second largest city in Germany  valued as a  national center of commerce . Seaports are what most people associate Hamburg with, but there are other economic sectors at which the city does very well. 
 The service sector, including trade, tourism, education, and health are the strongest sections of the economy in Hamburg whereas agricultural section generates less revenue. Salaries in Hamburg are higher than the national average. 
 It was estimated that an employee in this city during 2016 earned €90,905 per year compared to the national average of 70,137. 
 Advertisements 
 
 5.Bonn 
 from telegraph.co.uk 
 Bonn stands among the best German cities for work in terms of salaries and job variety. There are  countless small and medium-sized businesses  around and chances to find a  good well-paid job are high. 
 An indication of this is the low rate of unemployment and higher earnings or employees. It is estimated that a resident of Bonn earns around €65,000 per year. For educated individuals who want to achieve their career goals, Bonn is among the best cities in Germany for work because it prides  a modern research-oriented environment essential for scientific improvement. 
 Its multinational community and cultural heritage, higher earnings and the overall quality of life in Boon make it a much-desired place to work in Germany. 
 
 6.Darmstadt 
 from echo-online.de 
 Darmstadt is a city located in the federal state of Hesse with a population around 160,000 residents. The majority of its citizens are employed thanks to an extensive network of employers. 
 The chemical and pharmaceutical industry  is the strongest economic sector in this city alongside biotechnology, engineering technology, media, and communications, etc. For those who are highly qualified in a certain expertise field, Darmstadt is a lifetime opportunity to start a successful new career. 
 High salaries, affordable living costs and an excellent quality of life make Darmstadt one of the best German cities for work. 
 
 Reference 
 https://www.studying-in-germany.org/best-cities-in-germany-for-work/ 
 
 If you enjoyed Posting, Like and Share the Post and Subscribe My Blog! 
 Posted on  18th February 2020 Categories  DAILY LIFE ,  IN Germany ,  LEARNING Tags  arbeiten ,  Best Cities In Germany ,  Career in germany ,  DAILY ,  DAILY LIFE ,  GERMANY ,  Leben in Deutschland ,  Life In Germany ,  Live abroad ,  living in Germany ,  working Leave a comment on LIFE IN GERMANY - 6 Best Cities In Germany For Work You Must Know 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
