Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Merchandising Clerk (6 month Contract) 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Job Description 
 TRAVEL BASED ROLE - Across Ontario  - 6 month Contract 
 Overview 
 Reporting to a Store Setup Manager, you will be will be part of a special team of colleagues who travel to stores, to merchandise and assist teams during renovations and new store openings. 
 Primary Responsibilities : 
You will travel to assigned various retail locations within Ontario on a weekly basis to work alongside your team to merchandise sections as per merchandising layout to current planograms and merchandising standards. 
Provide superior customer service and staff satisfaction throughout construction, ensure that customers’ ability to shop throughout the store with minimal disruption. 
Responsibilities includes identifying outdated or damaged merchandise from the shelves, clean and/or adjust the shelves and re-stock the shelves. 
Receives and unloads incoming materials and compares information on packing slip with purchase order to verify accuracy of shipment 
Label sections with POS labels as per current merchandising standards 
Projects are located throughout the province and you will be compensated for travel costs. 
 Skills, Experience & Education Skills : 
Valid Ontario Driver's License 
Must have a reliable car for this position 
Must be willing to travel across Ontario 
Flexibility to work any shift predominantly overnight shifts 
Retail store experience would be an asset. 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
Customer Service orientated 
Must be a team player, Peers may often be the acting Project Leader, so the team environment is crucial. 
Willing and able to learn Loblaw systems and procedures 
Well organized with the ability to work with minimal supervision 
Extensive travel required with full reimbursement provided 
 How You’ll Succeed : 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride a 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
