The Linking London blog 
 Linking London is a partnership of education organisations that work together to support recruitment, retention and progression to and through higher education. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 November 
 October 
 September 
 August 
 July 
 June 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Careers Guidance in the Spotlight 
 December 4, 2018  /  linkinglondon 
 It’s been a very busy year in terms of careers policy developments and guidance and it feels, not before time, that the spotlight is definitely on careers and its importance in terms of improving social mobility and addressing the needs of the UK workforce. This time last year, the long awaited government Careers Strategy came out, which outlined the government’s plan for raising the quality of careers provision in England, followed in January by further guidance aimed specifically at the schools sector. In February this year it was the turn of colleges with the release of the government’s  Careers Guidance: Guidance for further education colleges and Sixth Form Colleges  document, which was updated in October, with further guidance on how colleges can meet the Gatsby benchmarks. In terms of guidance on how colleges can meet the requirements, last month the Careers and Enterprise Company published the research paper  What Works in Careers Provision in Colleges  and a Gatsby Benchmark Toolkit for Colleges, which feature a number of our college partners as case studies of good careers practice, including Lambeth College, CONEL and the South Thames Colleges Group. 
 Few in the careers profession will argue with plans to raise the status of careers guidance or the rather ambitious goal, set out in the Government’s Careers strategy, to make it world class. Using the 8 Gatsby benchmarks, developed by the Gatsby Charitable Foundation, to set a standard of excellence in careers guidance have also been well received by careers professionals. Where there has been criticism of the government’s plans, it has been that at present there are no additional funds provided to enable schools and colleges help meet the requirements, which include an appointed careers leader in every institution. There are capacity issues in terms of meeting some of the benchmarks, specifically benchmarks 6, experiences of workplaces and benchmark 8, personal guidance. Focusing on the latter, the strategy states every learner should have at least one such interview by the end of their study programme. A number of our FE college partners have several thousand 16-18 students studying a wide range of courses. Even with colleges who have several qualified careers advisers this is an enormous task. If we make the assumption that a guidance interview would last approximately 30 minutes it doesn’t need a mathematician to work out that this isn’t realistic unless further government funding is made available. 
 I’ve highlighted issues with meeting benchmarks 6 and 8 on several occasions with the Careers and Enterprise Company, most recently when asked to review a draft of the Gatsby Benchmark Toolkit for Colleges. At present there is little in the way of guidance about how colleges with considerable numbers of 16-18 year olds can work towards meeting these benchmark requirements. We need, in the absence of additional resource, to think innovatively about how we go about it and more clarity as well as guidance from the CEC in how to square this circle. For example, does e-advice count or short 10-15 minute interventions? Does guidance from non-level 6 advisers count – i.e. coaches, tutors? What do we actually mean then when we talk about careers guidance interviews and how are they defined? 
 Looking ahead, Linking London will continue to keep partners up to date with the latest developments as well as providing opportunities to explore how to address issues and share good practice at future events and practitioner group meetings. This will include continuing to develop closer links with the Careers and Enterprise Company as well as City Hall, who have recently released the Mayor of London’s  Careers for London Action Plan . This ambitious plan sets out the Mayor’s vision for careers provision in London, what City Hall will do to help realise this vision and the vital role that other organisations, including employers, schools, colleges and universities, but also government need to play. We will be inviting both the CEC and representatives from City Hall to input at future events in the New Year and will be working closely with our college and HE partners to work collaboratively to help meet the benchmarks and ensure our college learners receive high quality careers advice and guidance. 
 Andrew Jones, Director, Linking London 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Uncategorized 
 careers advice ,  colleges ,  further education ,  IAG ,  skills 
 Post navigation 
 <- Level 4 and 5 Education: The poor relation? 
 Value for Money? Employer Perspectives on Graduate Recruitment -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this 
 Email Address: 
 Follow The Linking London Blog by Email 
 Blogroll 
 
 HECAIL - Higher Education College Advisers in London 
 Linking London Website 
 
 Linking London Tweets 
 My Tweets  Search for: 
 Archive 
 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 
 Navigation 
 
 Home 
 About 
 November 
 October 
 September 
 August 
 July 
 June 
 Contact 
 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
