Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Media Moderator - Urdu (Pakistani Urdu) 
 Majorel 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Majorel Canada, Inc., 619B Kumpf Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada Req #510 
November 18, 2020 
 Company Summary: 
Majorel supports clients all over the world to successfully shape their customer relationships. More than 48,000 employees in 28 countries design and implement customized solutions for this purpose. We create amazing customer experiences that people value and we are proud of. By combining talent, data, and technology, we deliver real impact for our partners. Today’s rapidly changing world is sometimes challenging for service delivery; But with our spirit of true entrepreneurship, adaptability and our drive to go further, we view it as an opportunity to innovate by getting the best from people and technology. We constantly strive for the best. We know that doing so is pursuing a moving target. It takes full commitment to go the extra mile. Mutual respect and trust is the hallmark of every successful business, and it’s the same at Majorel. We know that challenges are met and ambitions achieved through teamwork: not only amongst our colleagues, but in partnership with our clients too. 
 Position Summary: 
Content Reviewers/Moderators are responsible for the day to day management of Application or Internet content, ensuring a quality experience is provided to millions of application or internet users. Reviewers have the opportunity to make a significant and direct impact on the quality of social media and advertising products. Work includes screening and monitoring social media sites or applications for abusive, violent, maliciously false or other inappropriate content ensuring a safe experiences for users and communities. Content Reviewers are responsible for optimal quality and productivity levels by making decisions regarding the content based on guidelines and policies. Requires energetic professional with some technical aptitude and strong attention to detail. Experience in social media and advertising and in dealing with online website navigation is required. 
 Overall Responsibilities: 
Responsible for evaluating online social media or advertising content in conjunction with policy. 
Visually navigate and review images and text-based content through internally developed applications or client tools as appropriate. 
Participate in meetings to discuss findings and ongoing recommendations. 
Use internally developed applications to generate quality reports if required. 
Maintain high quality deliverables in daily workflow. 
Examine content which may include ad units, applications or web pages and record findings and opinions using web-based tools and workflow systems. 
Work with engineering and linguistics to help improve the quality of next generation web services as required. 
Work with exceptional attention to detail and deliver optimal quality and productivity levels through data analysis. 
 Job Requirements: 
 Resiliency:  Ability to view content that may be offensive, strong or abhorrent, with understanding. 
Fluency in written and spoken English and Pakistani Urdu 
Proven ability to deliver highest quality results while paying strict attention to detail. 
Analytical, a quick learner, and have a penchant for providing a better experience for Internet users. 
Ability to work in a fast paced environment with high volume and complex demands. 
Strong team player that can remain positive during challenging assignments and balance priorities when necessary. 
Have a strong desire to learn continually and grow professionally. 
Personal experience using internet websites and internet social communication tools. 
 If required by project:  Strong knowledge of national and international political, historical and social news and figures in the media. 
Comfortable with and understand that the job requires reviewing internet content that may be deemed inappropriate and/or contain explicit material. 
Strong work ethic and ability to work with minimal supervision. 
Advanced MS Excel and Word skills coupled with exceptional attention to detail and a proven ability to quickly learn new tools. 
The Company believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and to be free from discrimination in employment because of age, ancestry, colour, race, citizenship, ethnic origin, place of origin, creed, disability, family status, marital status, gender, gender identity, gender expression, record of offenses, sex (including pregnancy and breast feeding), and sexual orientation, political affiliation, union membership and any other status protected by law (“protected grounds”). Equal employment opportunity will be extended to all persons in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, upgrading, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination. 
 Additionally, we respect the sincerely held religious beliefs and practices of all employees and will endeavor to make a reasonable accommodation if those sincerely held religious beliefs or practices conflict with an employee’s job unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Any employee who would like to request an accommodation should contact the Human Resources Department 
 Any employees with questions or concerns about equal employment opportunities in the workplace are encouraged to bring these issues to the attention of the Human Resources Department. We will not allow any form of retaliation against individuals who raise issues of equal employment opportunity. To ensure our workplace is free of artificial barriers, violation of this policy will lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment for cause. 
 Other details 
Job Family Operations Pay Type Hourly Employment Indicator Trainee Hiring Rate $18.00 Travel Required No Required Education High School Job Start Date January 18, 2021 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
