Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CCM Vocal Teacher Online - Cover Letter Required 
 Piano Time Music Studio 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This position is for a teacher specializing in Contemporary Commercial Music (CCM): Pop, RnB, Soul, Gospel, Music Theater, Hip Hop, Jazz, Blues, Country, Rap, etc. 
 APPLICATIONS WITHOUT A COVER LETTER WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED 
 We are a mobile music studio offering private and group lessons online. 
 Cover letter required:  Please specify how you engage learners online - what resources, strategies, and tools do you use? How do you utilize the advantages of online learning for private lessons? Candidates will be asked to demonstrate their online set-up. Please submit links to your own performances, you must be proficient in a variety of styles including improvisation. Please indicate if you play additional instruments. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Teaching individual lessons lasting from 30 to 60 minutes each. 
 Planning lessons in relation to individual students’ unique goals and interests 
 Preparing students for performances, examinations, auditions, and competitions 
 Communicating with parents about their child’s lessons and progress 
 Maintaining regular and punctual attendance 
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 A high level of musical competence and proficiency 
 Master or Bachelor Degree 
 Experience teaching online - must be able to make lessons fun and engaging in an online format. 
 Online lessons require you to have a high quality Microphone, web cam and Ethernet internet connection. Wifi is not acceptable. 
 Ability to teach different skill levels and a variety of musical styles 
 RCMP criminal background check 
 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 A positive, fun, and enthusiastic personality 
 Strong interpersonal skills 
 Ability to connect with a wide range of students of different ages and backgrounds 
 Know how to make the learning process enjoyable and fun 
 High standards of professionalism and professional ethics 
 Responsiveness to work-related emails and phone calls 
 A love and passion for teaching music 
 
 What to Expect: 
 
 This position typically requires working afternoons and evenings. The majority of music lessons take place between 3-8pm from Monday to Friday, though some students prefer to have their lessons earlier in the day or on weekends. 
 Please be aware that it may take some time to build a student base for each teacher. 
 Once a teacher has demonstrated a sufficient level of competence and success in their role, they are given a high level of workplace autonomy. 
 
 Due to the high volume of applicants, only candidates being considered will be contacted for an interview. 
 Part-time hours: 10-20 per week 
 Expected Start Date: 2020-11-23 
 Job Types: Part-time, Freelance 
 Salary: $25.00-$30.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching experience: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
