Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Transformation Consulting - Manager (Halifax) 
 EY 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 The opportunity 
 Recognizing the changing and fast-paced professional landscape, you will team with engagement leaders to bring our broad range of capabilities and insights to enhance the role and effectiveness of the finance and operations function. We are currently are seeking a Business Transformation Manager to join our team in Halifax to manage and support client engagements, work with a wide variety of clients to deliver professional services and participate in business development activities on strategic and priority clients. The Business Transformation team is focused on helping clients improve business performance and operational efficiency while managing risk. We help clients by delivering assessment, transformation and process efficiency solutions. 
 Your Key Responsibilities 
 As the Business Transformation Manager, you will actively manage and participate in client engagements and participate in market development activities. 
 Assume responsibility for the successful execution of project work 
Actively contribute insight and ideas and assist in drafting high quality project reports 
Develop, maintain and strengthen client relationships 
Keep abreast of current industry and economic developments relevant to the client's business 
Demonstrate high levels of technical and professional knowledge 
Use technology and tools to continually learn and innovate, share knowledge with team members and enhance the delivery of services 
Available to travel within and outside of Canada (including the US) and work in excess of standard hours when necessary 
 Skills and attributes for success 
Display teamwork, integrity and leadership 
Strong analytical, interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills 
Demonstrated consistency in values, principles, and work ethic 
 To qualify for the role, you must have: 
A Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, computer science, or a related field 
Relevant professional designation and/or an advanced degree (i.e. MBA, CPA, P.Eng) is strongly preferred 
5-7 years of consulting experience, including the management of staff or a similar role internally within a large organization 
Background in one or more of Finance, Supply Chain & Operations, Technology or Asset Management 
Demonstrated experience in project-based engagements in any or the combination of the following areas: intelligent automation, ERP implementations, change management, program management 
 What we look for 
 We are looking for the next generation of outstanding leaders to continue our legacy. Our top performers in the past have demonstrated deep knowledge of the financial services marketplace, strong analytical and problem solving skills, and an ability to adapt and collaborate in changing circumstances. If you are someone who exhibits a strong commitment to lead projects to completion on time and within budget while guiding junior team members through feedback and coaching, then this role is for you. 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
