Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housekeeping Aide - Part Time- Hamilton, ON 
 Compass Group Canada 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You might not know our name, but you know where we are. That’s because Compass Group Canada is part of a global foodservice and support services company that’s the 6th largest employer in the world, with 625,000 employees. 
 You’ll find us in schools, colleges, hospitals, office buildings, senior living communities, tourist attractions, sports venues, remote camps and military installations and more. We’re in all major cities, at remote work sites and everywhere in between – doing business in Canada and 50+ other countries where you can learn and grow. Join us now and point your career forward! 
 Why work with Crothall? Imagine working in a place where people approach each day with passion and purpose. As a leader in healthcare services, we believe that you can make a big difference just by finding little ways to show people you care. Become part of our team and know your contributions are vital to bettering lives. Join us. 
 Start Date:  As Soon As Possible 
 Compensation:  $14.50 
 Status:  Part Time 
 Shifts:  Various Shifts Available (Days, Evenings, Overnights) 
 Locations:  Must be available to work at both locations - St. Joseph's Health Care, 2757 King Street East – Stoney Creek and 100 West 5th Street, Hamilton, ON L9C 0E3 
Job Summary 
 Performs light cleaning duties to maintain establishments, including hotels, restaurants retirement homes and hospitals, in a clean and orderly manner. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Clean and disinfect areas and items such as surgical procedure areas, washrooms, operating room tables, stretchers, vents, interior windows, walls, glass, doors and mirrors. 
Strip, wash and make beds; collect and fold linen. 
Damp mop hard floors and auto scrub as needed. 
Check all main areas, lobbies, stairwells, elevators/escalators and mezzanines and clean as required. 
Vacuum carpeted areas and complete carpet extraction as needed. 
Remove all garbage from resident/patient rooms and common areas. 
Maintain confidentiality of all resident and personnel information. 
Maintain a safe environment at all times (e.g. use of wet floor signs). 
Perform duties according to health and safety guidelines. 
Report all injuries and hazards to the supervisor immediately. 
Responding to emergency cleanups as required. 
 Qualifications: 
Think you have what it takes to be one of our Housekeepers? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role. 
 Previous housekeeping experience, preferably in healthcare, hotel or commercial cleaning is an asset. 
Strong time management and organizational skills to be able to manage heavy workload. 
Good command of English language, both verbal and written. 
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions. 
Physical ability to perform all aspects of the job, including requirements to lift up to 20 pounds. 
 A satisfactory Criminal Record Check is a condition of employment. 
 Proof of immunizations and Tuberculosis Screening Test results may be required. 
 Compass Group Canada is committed to nurturing a diverse workforce representative of the communities within which we operate. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 For accommodation requests during the hiring process, please contact PeopleHub@compass-canada.com for further information. 
 Job Segment:  Housekeeping, Food Service, Part Time, Hospitality 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
