wordtabulous 
 Life, writing and the pursuit of wholeness. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Hollywood University 
 
 
 Tag Archives: new job 
 Working Girl: Bright Lights, Big City 
 4 Replies 
 Starting on Tuesday last week I began the new job, still aching from moving uncounted bins to the dumpster and a vanload of heavy cartons of potentially useful but ultimately elusive stuff from the previous job to the new office in downtown Minneapolis. I don't know how many times this week I have said, "Where in the world is…?" or how many circles I have walked checking those cartons looking for a device, a file, a cable or a tape dispenser. After four days of trying to get one computer talk to another, or talk to one of two printers for more than thirty minutes, my hottest fantasy was a day without someone saying, "Why isn't this working?" Everything I accomplished unraveled by the following day. Oh, I got a picture hung, I was instrumental in getting two light bulbs changed, and my boss' office no longer looked like a storage room by the end of the week. But there was still the electronic communications issue which slowed everything down, and while I love a creative challenge, this is not my area of expertise. Following a  headdesk  moment I groaned, "It would sure be nice if we had an IT person," and Patrick, the new guy, laughed and said, "We do; it's you." 
 It all moved at a frenetic pace: everyone working their own variety of magic with a lot of keystrokes, edits, meetings, searches, and phone calls. Finally on Friday, at four p.m., when a lot of people in the city might expect to be heading home or going out, we gathered for a meeting about some time sheet and invoicing software, which thankfully evolved into a conversation about the strangest jobs we'd worked (you know I said the  rat lab , right?) our favorite movies, dream vacation destinations and the kinds of topics that turn colleagues into friends. The white wine my boss brought to celebrate the end of week one smoothed the day's jagged edges and even though I came away with more to-do items on my list, I was happier than I'd been going in. 
 As I finally left for the day, clouds cast the sky in indigo and the streets were quieter than I'd seen them all week. The cars that had packed the parking ramp when I'd entered that morning had dwindled to a scattered few. I had to exit via the open top level, where I was greeted with a view into Target Field, where the Twins were playing beneath lights as bright as the sun. The Target dog, sketched enormously in red and white neon, grinned from the wall of the Target Center, and the looming buildings either glowed in light or glowered in shadow. It was beautiful. I wanted so badly to take a picture, but there was an issue with having to climb on things to get a good angle and on the top of a seven-story building, that just wasn't something I wanted to do. 
 I wish I could tell you that the IT issues have now been worked out. They have been worked, strenuously, but they remain in ever new configurations. I HAVE been able to make a few creative contributions and been assigned some writing which is awesome. I have figured out the bus schedule…mostly. I love my walks between the bus stop and work, and to get lunches or supplies. It isn't perfect. There are random gusts of what smells like raw sewage here and there. There are blocks that feel marginally less safe than others, but I am figuring this out quickly. The commute isn't stressful, but it does make my day long. The thing is, I like it here. I am glad I have been given this opportunity. 
 So this is here and now. Thank you for visiting, for your patience in waiting while I pulled myself together to share this, and for your indulgence as I rattle on. 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized ,  Working Girl ,  writing  and tagged  Minneapolis ,  new job  on  September 7, 2012  by  lynnettedobberpuhl . 
 Want to read more? 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. And if you like it that much, tell your friends! 
 Join 470 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Click here to subscribe! 
 Recent and not so much 
 
 If I Called Someone A Deplorable or Libtard Am I Going To Hell? 
 Getting a CLUE 
 Envy Prayer 
 Cardigan Day 
 Bear Hunt 
 
 Top Viewed Posts 
 
 If I Called Someone A Deplorable or Libtard Am I Going To Hell? 
 Getting a CLUE 
 Envy Prayer 
 Cardigan Day 
 Bear Hunt 
 Daily Manna 
 What I Have Done 
 Good Boy 
 
 Wha' chu talkin' about, Willis? 
 
 2011 
 2011 Honda CR-V 
 2012 
 addiction 
 anxiety 
 at home mom 
 attitude 
 bicycle 
 blog 
 blogging 
 book review 
 books 
 breathe 
 Calistoga 
 cancer 
 cat 
 cats 
 chocolate 
 chores 
 Christianity 
 Christmas 
 coffee 
 control 
 Cycling 
 dawn 
 death 
 diabetes 
 Dr. Who 
 driving 
 faith 
 family 
 fear 
 fiction 
 fitness 
 food 
 frustration 
 God 
 grace 
 gratitude 
 home 
 hope 
 Humor 
 insomnia 
 joy 
 life 
 list 
 love 
 Lynnette Dobberpuhl 
 mastectomy 
 Minneapolis 
 mom 
 music 
 panic 
 parenting 
 peace 
 perseverance 
 persistence 
 photo 
 photography 
 reading 
 religion 
 retreat 
 scary 
 sky 
 State Services for the Blind 
 Stephen King 
 stress 
 sunrise 
 technology 
 teens 
 Tour de Cure 
 travel 
 tree 
 wine 
 writing 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 November 2019 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 April 2016 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 August 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
