
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Here's the deal: Echo-Factory is looking for a Creative Director to get the party started in our Pasadena, CA, USA office. Why are these job descriptions so confusing? 
 About 
 Are you creative? Do you have dictatorial tendencies? 
 OMG we literally have to talk. 
 Echo-Factory is a small, full-service ad agency in Pasadena. We’re looking for a creative director who can help us plan, and deliver creative materials that make our target audience ponder the very meaning of life, the universe and their place in it. 
 Or, at least buy some stuff they might not strictly need. 
 Your Core Duties 
• Take ownership of the creative process from concept to completion 
• Lead our team of both in-house and contractor designers, copywriters and other creatives. 
• Turn our client’s drive for growth into clear creative strategies. 
• Get hands-on to produce creative materials for key projects. 
• Work closely (well, I mean, not physically closely obviously ‘cause COVID) with the rest of the agency to deliver great work. 
• Help our client-focused team members create great pitches and present work to clients. 
• Identify and implement tools, and processes to improve the quality and efficiency of our agency’s creative output. 
• Help us grow, and be an even better agency for our clients, and an even better place to work for our employees than we are today. 
 What We’re Looking For 
• Great people skills. 
• Great design skills with a heavy digital focus. 
• Leadership skills that would make Joan of Arc stop and take notes. 
• We welcome applications from both experienced creative directors, and other creatives with relevant experience looking to step up into the role. 
 About Us 
Our agency is located in Old Town Pasadena, just above the Apple Store. Once COVID is over, you’re going to love spending time there. We’ve got about ~10 fulltime employees and another ~10 regular contractors that we work with on an ongoing basis. 
 We have a pretty broad range of clients, from direct-to-consumer apparel brands, to defense contractors and nearly everything in-between. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7746-echo-factory-creative-director  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Creative Direction, Creative Research, Creative Strategy, Design, Design Strategy, Digital, Wrangling - Creatives 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Andrew Hoehn 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Beer 
 Dog friendly 
 No assholes 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
