Notice! 
 Welcome to Working Solutions. We offer independent contractor, work-at-home opportunities for folks located in either the  United States  or  Canada . 
 We do not  accept applicants located outside of the  United States  and  Canada . 
 Read our blogs __ 
 ⨯ 
    Open Menu 
 
 About
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Culture 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Resources
 
 Blog 
 Work-at-Home Hacks 
 Tech Hacks 
 Life Hacks 
 Video 
 
 
 Start Here
 
 How to Apply 
 Technology Needed 
 
 
 FAQs 
 Opportunities 
 Apply __ 
 
 By Kristin Skiko 
 __February 11, 2019 
 3 Ways You Can Build a Career Working from Home 
 __ 
 Filed under:  Entrepreneurship   Work at Home Hacks 
 In this day and age, anyone can **  start working from home** and make a career out of it. Thanks to modern technology, you can now ditch the 9-5 routine and work however it’s best for you. 
 Because of this, Working Solutions’ goal is  to provide   legitimate, work-at-home   opportunities . 
 We believe that once you’ve discovered your passion or something you’re really good at, you can make money out of it while building a career. What’s more, the absence of a traditional office workplace won’t stop you from achieving your dreams. 
 Here are some of the options you have when working from home. 
 
 1. Work for a Company 
 More and more companies are now using remote workers. This means you can work for an organization with a physical office in another part of the world. Today, skills and the ability to deliver value are more important than the location of the person doing a job. 
 Trending 
 How to Transform a Small Area into Your Work-from-home Space 
 When working remotely for a company, you may even have the possibility to make your own schedule, according to your lifestyle. 
 Community manager or  customer service agent  are just some of the most common jobs you’ll find for a remote position. 
 Working from home is a great fit for you if you: 
 
 Have the ability to prioritize tasks. 
 Have multitasking and time-management skills. 
 Can take initiative and make your own decisions. 
 
 
 2. Find Your Passion 
 Everyone is passionate about something. The good news is that you can also make money out of it. 
 The first step is to find what drives you and then figure out how you can provide value through it. 
 Whether you love drawing, writing or you’re passionate about public speaking, the next step would be to figure out if there’s a demand for what you want to do. 
 Then, find ways to deliver value through it. Sooner rather than later, people will be willing to pay money for your time and effort. 
 
 3. Focus on a Niche 
 Your niche is represented by that thing you’re really good at and you can make money. 
 For example, let’s say that you excel at writing. You can go from here and identify what type of content you’re most comfortable creating. It can be blog posts, web pages, social media posts, white papers or even technical content. 
 One of those options is going to be your niche, which will help you become an expert in that particular area. 
 After you specialize, you can then expand your skills and tackle other areas as well. 
 
 A career is not built in a few months. It takes time, effort and commitment to get there. This is why you need to start working on your dream as soon as possible. 
 As you can see, you have several options when it comes to working from home. So it’s only a matter of choosing the best one for you. 
 Careers can be built at home, so believe you can make it big. 
 In case you want to see what job opportunities we have right now,  take a look here . If you didn’t find something you like, we can stay in touch and email you about new openings. 
 Share 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Start Working from Home Today. 
 Apply now. __ 
 Leave your comments 
 You may also like 
 How to Make a Home-business Budget 
 Every kind of business needs a budget, including home businesses. Knowing how to make a home business budget is critical in understanding your expected income, company expenses, and other financial needs. 
 Read more __ 
 Before the Coronavirus: Projected Remote Work Trends 
 Editor’s note: The 2019 Buffer remote-work survey was done before the COVID-19 pandemic. Reading the trends […] 
 Read more __ 
 Work-from-home Tips for Success 
 Working from home and haven't yet found your stride? Considering working remotely and want to do […] 
 Read more __ 
 Equal Opportunity 
 We provide equal opportunities for all independent contractor agents and all qualified applicants. Everyone will receive consideration for placement on opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation and any other characteristic protected by law not listed. 
 Legal and Sitemap 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Community Policy 
 Privacy 
 FAQs 
 Scam Watch 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 About Us 
 FAQs 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Contact Us 
 
 Social Media 
 
  Instagram __ 
  Twitter __ 
  Facebook __ 
  YouTube __ 
 
 (C) 2021 Working Solutions | All Rights Reserved 
