
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Plant Utilities Assistant - New Application Process 
 University at Buffalo 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Plant Utilities Assistant - New Application Process 
 __ University at Buffalo 
 [](mailto:?subject=Plant%20Utilities%20Assistant%20%2D%20New%20Application%20Process&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13597738/plant-utilities-assistant-new-application-process/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 May 14, 2020 
 Location: 
 Buffalo, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Position Title:  Plant Utilities Assistant - New Application Process 
 Posting Number:  C1900062 
 Employer:  State 
 Salary Range:  $36,772 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Position Summary: 
 The University at Buffalo is establishing a list of eligible candidates for the Plant Utilities Assistant title. As a Plant Utilities Assistant, you would assist in the operation, maintenance, and repair of mechanical and electrical equipment providing heat, hot water, ventilation, air conditioning, and electrical distribution in a safe and efficient manner. Positions involve shift work within a 24-hour work schedule which includes night and holiday shifts. 
 The Plant Utilities Assistant exam is now a decentralized, continuous exam. This application process replaces the traditional exam process. 
 How to Apply: 
 Go to the  Civil Service website  to read the entire vacancy announcement and complete the application and supplemental questionnaire. Be sure to attach all documentation required to show proof of education and experience. This will be the only basis for rating your training, education, and experience. 
 Send completed information by mail to: 
Human Resources 
120 Crofts Hall 
Buffalo, NY 14260-7022 
 Your application and supplemental questionnaire will be reviewed and graded by the Human Resources department at the University at Buffalo. 
 Working at UB comes with benefits that exceed salary alone. There are personal rewards including comprehensive health and retirement plan options. We also focus on creating and sustaining a healthy mix of work, personal and academic pursuit – all in an effort to support your work-life effectiveness. Visit our benefits website to learn about our  benefit packages . 
 University at Buffalo is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and, in keeping with our commitment, welcomes all to apply including veterans and individuals with disabilities. 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Either 1.  Graduate of heating, HVAC, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration apprenticeship program from the U.S. Air Force; 
 Or 2.  Must have been an enlisted machinery technician (MK) with the U.S. Coast Guard OR possession of a certificate as a Marine Engineer issued by the U.S. Coast Guard; 
 Or 3.  Must have been an enlisted power generation equipment repairer with the U.S. Army; 
 Or 4.  Must have been an enlisted gas turbine systems technician, submarine nuclear propulsion plant operator reactor control, utilities man, machinist mate, or engineman with the U.S. Navy; 
 Or 5.  Must have a Merchant Mariner's Document (MMD) and have been a qualified member of the engine department (QMED) as an oiler, fireman/water tender, refrigerating engineer or engineman with the U.S. Merchant Marine; 
 Or 6.  Completion of a New York State Department of Labor registered apprenticeship program for stationary engineers, plant maintenance (plumber/steamfitter), HVAC Mechanic or plant maintenance (refrigeration/AC) (See Note #1); 
 Or 7.  Possession of a High-Pressure Boiler Operating Engineer License or Stationary Engineer License; 
 Or 8.  A bachelor's degree in Facilities Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Marine Engineering; 
 Or 9.  An associate's degree in HVAC; 
 Or 10.  One year of full-time hands on experience in the maintenance and operation of commercial, industrial, institutional facility, computer applications of digital energy platforms and building analytics and/or performing diagnosis, repair of HVAC systems or boilers or auxiliary equipment; 
 Or 11.  One year of full-time hands on experience in a residential setting performing diagnosis, operation, maintenance repair of HVAC systems or boilers or auxiliary equipment; 
 Or 12.  Completion of an HVAC certificate or diploma from a BOCES program (440 hours) OR completion of an approved certificate in HVAC, electrical, refrigeration, boiler operations and maintenance, or plumbing from an accredited technical school or technology college (See Note #2); 
 Deadline for Applicants:  Open Until Filled 
 Quicklink for Posting:  19616 
 
 
 Internal Number: 19616 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University at Buffalo 
 The University at Buffalo is SUNY’s most comprehensive public research university, and an outstanding place to work. UB amplifies ambition for faculty and staff by offering endless possibilities to achieve more. Here, people from all backgrounds and cultures challenge and inspire each other to discover, learn and succeed. Dedicated staff and engaged faculty collaborate to further knowl¬edge and understanding, and develop tenacious graduates who are valued for their talents and their impact on global society. 
 Connections working at  University at Buffalo 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
