
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 reverendjiam 
 This WordPress.com site is the cat’s pajamas 
 ](https://reverendjiam.wordpress.com/ "reverendjiam") 
 
 Home 
 About J'iam 
 
 <- Best Christmas Day Ever 
 Barriers to Wealth -> 
 Are you happy in your job, in your marriage, in your life? A tip! 
 Dec 28 
 Posted by  reverendjiam 
 Are you happy in your job, in your marriage, in your home, in your school, in your life?If you are unhappy in any area you are NOT fulfilling your  BEingness ! So how can we do this- fulfill our beingness whilst still in an unhappy situation? Surely we cant have our BEingness - our happiness - and our unhappiness existing in the same house together? Well actually we can. We can use a spiritual principle called "Invoking the token". I am sure you've had days where you were sad in the morning and happy in the afternoon, so it is possible to be in both states in one day - not at once, at the same time - but one after the other! 
 Imagine your unhappiness to be a large black ball! 
 
 What I am going to suggest today is a cure for any unhappiness - simply start building you BEingness in token form, in a tiny tiny aspect. TODAY!!!! This is spiritually called "  invoking the token ." 
 By building a token virtuous cycle, you are actually setting up two systems that are connected by a bar (to represent time). So sometimes you will be Happy because you are in your beingness (the red ball) and the rest of the time you will be unhappy because you are not in your beingnes (the black ball). 
 So how do you build your BEingness in token form? By  building a  token _  virtuous cycle _! 
 
 Here we have the beginning of the new virtuous cycle in red. What we do is establish a virtuous cycle and let it grow and grow and grow! Let the virtuous cycle do the work for you! 
 
 See how it grows over time, and more and more of your life becomes happy! Once we reach an equalibrium the unhappiness starts to disappear! 
 
 You see, the mistake we make is applying physical law to happiness. Happiness is not an Either/Or question, it is an  AND  question. We are happy and unhappy all in the same day, not continuously unhappy! So building our BEingnesss in token form is a good investment! Because it will grow. And you know what? It is possible to be permanently happy! In the above diagram we become more and more happy and as we do this the unhappiness shrinks! Because _  it is impossible for Happiness and unhappiness to exist at the same time _! So we end up with a huge ball of happiness and no unhappiness at all - regardless of our circumstances! 
 
 To BE permanently happy we have to BE spirtually happy. Spiritual happiness is known as "Heaven." Know that Heaven is achievable here on earth! If we can achieve "Hell" on earth through no effort whatsoever, then "heaven" on earth is achievable through applying the correct methods! 
 Heaven on earth is achievable through  correct methods ! 
 And the correct method is called " _  the Virtuous Cycle _ " 
 And where can you set up a virtuous cycle for yourself? At WPPN - the  W  holistic  P  eace and  P  rosperity  N  etwork! 
 For only $25 per month, WPPN will set up a complete (wholistic) virtuous cycle for you that starts growing immediately. 
 The longer you wait to join, the long you will have to wait for the results to manifest, for the process cannot be "hurried" like capitalistic processes. The processes of Beingness requires we walk through certain stages - each person already has, or lacks, different stages and the universe manifests the ones they need to handle to progress. So no two members are alike. They may be similar, but none are alike, the same. And each one gets different lessons from the universe. But WPPN has the answers and applications for you to pass these "tests". 
 
 And that is the thing no capitalistic system can get around - the individuality of each persons needs. 
 I was "Gifted" the  W  holistic  P  eace and  P  rosperity  N  etwork in 1992 and could have used it just for myself to create wealth. But God gave it to me with a mission, and that mission is to help others achieve the state of both Poor and Abundance/Wealth - the two are inseparably interlinked! 
 You cannot BE wealthy without being Poor! BEing Poor is the first step up to BEing wealthy! There is no way around this fact. Yes you can become rich just by just doing and having, but doing and having invariable lead to hellish conditions, unless you are lucky enough to institute a retrospective BEingness in your life! Wealth on the spiritual Plane is achieved by BEing, Doing and then having! Always start at the top (BEingness) and work down! 
 So I invite you to look at the  W  holistic  P  eace and  P  rosperity  N  etwork and decide for yourself if you want to  commit 100% to yourself  (not to WPPN!). The commitment is always to yourself! That is why so few have done it so far, because we are taught at school to commit to everybody - except ourselves! But in the spiritual worlds commitment to self is always the first step towards progress! Once you can commit to yourself, you can commit to building your virtuous cycle! And then you WILL build it! And be successfull! 
 Love, Health, Happiness, Peace, Success and Prosperity, 
 kindest regards  , 
 Reverend Master J 'iam 
 WPPN Website;  http://jiamwppn.wix.com/jiamwppn 
 blog:  http://peacemakermaster.wordpress.com/ 
 blog:  https://reverendjiam.wordpress.com/ 
 email; reverendjiam@hotmail.com 
 skype; jiamwppn 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About reverendjiam 
 Namaste I am a master metaphysician , an artist and a lover of life and people. I was given a new organisation - the Wholistic Peace and Prosperity Network - in an epiphany in 1992. I have spent all the time since then struggling to get it started. It was started three years ago and now has 3 members. This year will see us expand to 100 members and then we'll be launched! in the future it will spread world wide and even to our colonies in space! Since writing this I have been promoted to the level of Peacemaker. Apparently there are only seven in this class in the world at the moment. I was promoted when Nelson Mandela died and am amongst greats like John Lennon, Gandhi and The Dalai Lama. Each of us have our own particular task. Mine is to teach Peace (the state of Poor) and Prosperity (the state of Abundance), to lift people up above the negative material state into a state of heavenly BEingness, called Wealth. J'iam 
  View all posts by reverendjiam »  
 Posted on December 28, 2013, in  Uncategorized . Bookmark the  permalink .  Leave a comment . 
 <- Best Christmas Day Ever 
 Barriers to Wealth -> 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Comments 0 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 a gift to the world 
 6 VIRTUOUS CYLES TO TRUE WEALTH 
 introducing THE CHURCH OF TENTH PATH - The world's first cooperative church - The world's first cooperative church 
 A SHORT EXPLANATION OF THE WHOLISTIC PEACE AND PROSPERITY PETWORK (WPPN) [IT'S A BIG SUBJECT!] 
 suicide is painless part 2 - the conclusion 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 rhiannon228  on  Love is everywhere, but we hav… 
 
 
 
 
 
 reverendjiam  on  Finding God, finding heaven an… 
 
 
 Wendy Robb on  Finding God, finding heaven an… 
 
 
 
 
 reverendjiam  on  … 
 
 
 
 reverendjiam  on  Merry Christmas 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 June 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 July 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 abundance 
 action 
 advice 
 aloud 
 Art 
 ask 
 asking for help 
 attempt 
 Beingness 
 call 
 cards 
 Christmas card 
 death 
 economic 
 empowerment 
 Family Bank 
 free book 
 gift book 
 glory 
 Goal setting 
 God 
 Good 
 happiness 
 heaven 
 hell 
 humour 
 I Am 
 Karma 
 knowledge 
 Lament 
 Life 
 life 
 love 
 marriage 
 metaphysical 
 method 
 money 
 motivation 
 new age 
 not 
 of 
 orgasm 
 peace 
 peace 
 peace 
 peace and prosperity 
 personal Peace 
 physical 
 poor 
 poster 
 poverty 
 prayer 
 problems 
 prosperity 
 quick 
 reality 
 rebirth 
 rejoice 
 reverend master j’iam 
 riches 
 right 
 scary 
 secret 
 service 
 sex 
 sinking 
 solutions 
 speak 
 spiritual 
 spirituality 
 spirtual 
 states 
 suicide 
 synergy 
 thrift 
 traps 
 truth 
 Uncategorized 
 unity 
 wealth 
 wholistic 
 World Peace 
 wppn 
 wrong 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
