Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Using Stock Ratings to Create Your Next Career Move 
 Noel Romero    23rd November    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Using%20Stock%20Ratings%20to%20Create%20Your%20Next%20Career%20Move%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fusing-stock-ratings-to-create-your-next-career-move%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Using stock ratings, you can create your next career move, either within the company you work for or by preparing to work elsewhere. 
 Metrics 
 Metrics. That’s a business buzzword. Metrics are the numbers that many live and die by, especially in a big corporation. You probably utilize it in your day-to-day business dealing for the company you work for. But have you ever thought of using the metrics of the  stock ratings  of the company you work for to look at how the company is doing? This information can show you how the market judges and values the company, and you can make some sound career decisions. 
 Set the Tone 
 This can set the tone for a much better working relationship and career by: 
 
 staying focused on the right priorities 
 communicating 
 avoiding surprises 
 meet deadlines in the right areas 
 
 If the company is doing poorly, you can help effect a change to improve your company and thereby become a more valuable employee. If the culture doesn’t support any bottom-up changes, and the worst scenario is that you anticipate the demise of your company, you can start looking for a career move before it surprises you. 
 If the company is doing well, and you watch stock trends in your industry, you can position yourself within the company for the next big push or move and move up in the company or take a lateral move that would serve you best. 
 Either way, you are informed and can be proactive. You will have the means within your power to create a more  satisfying career . 
 Although stock ratings are considered part of a powerful suite of investor tools, as an employee, you can use them to stay more informed about the corporation you are working at now, or to investigate the next company you would like to work for. 
 Stock market reports have a wealth of information that you can use to measure and evaluate growth. You want to be with a company that is not only growing but has a strong return and effective efficiency. You need to monitor the volatility and solvency. This can be done by reviewing the company’s overall ratings. 
 According to the  New York Times  , "They [stock ratings] also describe some real and  important aspects  of the American economy." 
 But how do you, as an employee, start to look at stocks ratings to see how they affect your work, your career, and the company you work for? Stock ratings are traditional classifications of "buy, hold and sell." And in some terms, you are going to buy into your corporate culture and move up in the company, hold where you are, or sell by leaving the corporation for better prospects. 
 Knowing How to Read the Analysis 
 In order to understand analyst ratings, it is imperative to gauge their accuracy. Remember, they are a multi-dimensional rating that is created by an analyst. This can be the trickier part. Do you look at something long-term and the decline or incline? Do you look at it daily to see the trend over a shorter period of time than years? Do you look for something that analysts do, such as watching the stocks move to a position of buying? Analysts' recommendations are the amalgamation of equity research reports. 
 This is a tool that, in stock purchases or in business career decisions, is not an absolute. You must view it as becoming more informed about the company you work for. 
 Read and Define For Yourself 
 It’s imperative that you read each rating definition and understand what the ratings mean. Pay keen attention to the time frame and any percentages the definition offers. 
 Don’t make a hasty decision given stock analysis and ratings. What may be a red flag to an investor, may mean an opportunity for you to grow within the company. 
 Spend Time 
 Spend some time learning about the stock rating system. Look at the long history of your company compared with the mile markers of achievement or bad decisions. Look at other similar companies in your industry. Compare and contrast. Understand this is only one small tool in your career building arsenal. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     3 Ways to Improve your Employability as a Recent Grad  
  _ _     5 Tips to Get Along with Your Boss  
  _ _     Why Being A "Jack Of All Trades" Works  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
