Skip to content 
 Thoughtful Dane 
 Reflections on life in the outskirts of Stockholm 
 How is the job market? 
 frederikjohannesjensen   IT & Software ,  Sweden  25 Aug, 201912 Sep, 2020 3 Minutes 
 One question I get a lot lately is how is the job market? It is not an easy one to answer. There are plenty of jobs posted on LinkedIn, but I only need one job, so what I care for is if there one for me and how to get it. 
 When I returned from vaction, I started sending applications. Typically, I didn't hear anything for weeks besides the automated "application received" response. Then another automated mail, "we have chosen to proceed with other applicants". Maybe it is just the holiday period, but I think not. Even for the jobs that sounded cool enough to follow up on, responses were slow to come and vague in details. Not very useful (1). 
 So how to improve? 
 Yesterday we went mushroom hunting in search of the "gold of the forest". The top prizes are the  King Bolete  and the  Common Chanterelle  (actually, the relaxing walk in a sunny late-summer forest with the family was the top prize), but if you broaden your search to include other edible mushrooms, you will find plenty. However, just like job hunting, do your research well, or you may end up with one that looks good but will cause you a lot of pain. Copyright Frederik Jensen. 
 What do I want and what are they looking for? 
 I have had the pleasure of doing many fun and challenging jobs in my career. I like new challenges and have been thrown into different situations and delivered. I want to do more of that! 
 Looking at my cv, others will easily see me as 20 year experience running complex, financial software development within large development organisations and thinking they will hire me to do more of that. This may not give me the job I want! 
 So part of the application process has been to tailor the cv to just look right. More emphasis on the stuff that matches the job post (and using the same words as in the job post), less emphasis on the stuff that point towards other interests and skills. 
 One of the insights gained in this process is that while I may have seen myself as an agile project manager, a lot of what I have done is what is also called business analysis, business intellegence and business process modelling (2). And I prefer heading in that direction rather than towards a role as scrum master or agile coach. 
 Tailoring the cv to the job post assumes that the company articulates what they actually are looking for -- and that what they are looking for is what they actually need and will hire. I have seen job posts that mention specific tools and technologies like Tableau, Power BI, Azure, or AWS (3), when the truth is that picking up a new tool or technology and using it in a specific context could take no more than a week or two, while a cultural mismatch can't be fixed as quickly. 
 It's a broken process 
 The hiring process seen from the recruiting companies is not super fantastic either: First the hiring manager needs an approved headcount. Then the manager drafts a job description which goes through HR before it is published on whatever platforms the company has chosen to pay for. Then in a week or two, they get 200 applications, most of which are from people with no connection to Sweden or Scandinavia and no insight into the business, products or customers. Screening applications is then outsourced or done by a keyword match. Even if this produces a decent shortlist of candidates, it takes time to set up and do interviews and tests before you maybe get to send out offers. During which the headcount approval may need to be renewed or the candidate may have accepted another offer. Only if you end up signing with one candidate, you get to write feedback to the candidates you didn't hire. It's a broken process. It is designed to avoid mistakes, not to act fast on opportunities. 
 Do it differently 
 Obviously, there is another way to do things. It is called networking. A few weeks ago,  I announced widely in my network  that I am available for a new opportunities. I haved received great response, and it was great to catch up with people I haven't been in touch with for a long time. Thanks! 
 This resulted in 3 interviews over the last two weeks. One of them led to an offer that I have chosen to accept -- I'm starting a new job tomorrow. 
 Then you can start asking  how is the new job? 
 
 (1) Feedback should be specific, acurate, objective, timely and usable. 
 (2) I read the  BABOK Guide (Business Analysis Book of Knowledge) . 
 (3) No LinkedIn and your automated keyword completion: AWS does not mean membership of the American Welding Society. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Published by frederikjohannesjensen 
  View all posts by frederikjohannesjensen  
 Published  25 Aug, 201912 Sep, 2020 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Why I became a project manager 
 Next Post Mac or Windows: Why not both? 
 Sök 
 Search for:  Follow Thoughtful Dane on WordPress.com 
 Categories 
 
 Games 
 IT & Software 
 Sweden 
 
 Archives 
 
 Jan 2021 
 Dec 2020 
 Nov 2020 
 Sep 2020 
 Jun 2020 
 Mar 2020 
 Feb 2020 
 Jan 2020 
 Sep 2019 
 Aug 2019 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
