Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Grocery Clerk 
 IGA 
 __Tofield, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Our family of 127,000 employees and franchise affiliates share a collective passion for delivering exceptional shopping experiences and amazing food to all our customers. Our mission is to nurture the things that make life better – great experiences, families, communities, and our employees. We are a family nurturing families. 
 A proudly Canadian company, we started in a small town in Nova Scotia but we are now in communities of all sizes across this great country. With over 1500 stores in all 10 provinces, you may know us as Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland, FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, Lawton’s Drug Stores or another of our great banners but we are all one extended family. 
 All career opportunities will be open a minimum of 5 business days from the date of posting. 
 Overview 
The Grocery Clerk is responsible for carrying out the full range of duties of the position in a professional, responsible, accurate and timely fashion. The Clerk will deliver exceptional customer service, foster customer loyalty, fulfill customer needs and actively contribute to an environment of employee and customer engagement. 
 Job Description 
 
 Adhere to all Food Safety Protocols, Standard Operating Procedures, Health and Safety, corporate policies, and other programs and initiatives 
 Provide customer service to meet customer needs 
 Keep work area clean and presentable 
 Process Grocery orders 
 Perform program execution and merchandising of product 
 Perform retail floor maintenance 
 Maintain back shop 
 Receive warehouse orders 
 Increase store sales by actively promoting products 
 Participate in the training of junior staff 
 Order and receive stock in accordance with company inventory control procedures as required 
 Process department shrink 
 Maintain a clean and safe working environment as per Company requirements 
 Other duties as required 
 
 Ontario Only * Additional duties for receiving shifts (as authorized and scheduled by management 
 
 Receive, unload and verify load and bill of lading against truck schedule for all incoming product 
 Tag and mark each pallet and complete receiving paperwork as assigned (shrink reports, claims) 
 Compare packing slips to goods and key product information into SAP system 
 Ensure equipment is in good working order by reporting any unsafe equipment or conditions 
 Provide internal customer service by effectively communicating with store management / staff and providing updates on shipments as requested 
 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Ability to work independently in a fast paced environment 
 
 Sobeys is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process and will work with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of this process. 
 While all responses are appreciated only those being considered for interviews will be acknowledged. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
