Skip to content 
 Search for: Search 
 
 University of Gossip 
 Institution of Gossip 
 
 Home 
 Gossip 
 
 Social issues 
 
 
 News 
 
 Education 
 politics 
 Facts & Opinions 
 
 
 TECHNOLOGY 
 Entertainment 
 
 MUSIC 
 Videos 
 
 
 Sports 
 Book of Stories 
 
 Seasonal Stories 
 Cex Story 
 
 
 #Aooms 
 About 
 
 Book of Stories ,  Gossip ,  Other short stories ,  Social issues 
 [TRUE LIFE STORY] How I Was Brutally Raped By A Friend While Trying To Get A Job 
 Date:  January 30, 2015 Author:  ollanrewaju   2 Comments 
 I am a rape victim and I want to tell my story to the world cos I want justice on the man that defiled me. I met him at Airforce junction after I wrote a Dragnet test at stadium road in PH. He went on about how he was an aide to the governor of Rivers state and that he could help me with a job since I was from Rivers state. We discussed about the recent happenings in the state. We exchanged pins and parted ways. I went back to Lagos for business. A month later, he calls me up that his oga would like to see me. I told him I wasn’t around now and that I will call him when I came back to town (port-harcourt). I returned to PH on the 15th of October and called him, he said ok. On the 17th of October, he sent me a bbm chat saying hope I don’t mind seeing the oga this weekend, I replied that I don’t, since I was free and besides I was job hunting so I saw this as a good opportunity to get a good job. I didn’t hear from him that day. He sends me another bbm message, saying that they went for a function in Abuja and he will call me when they get back. On the 21st of Oct by 7:05pm, he sent me a message that the oga wants to see me tonight and I should get dressed before 9pm. I told him that was impossible and how come his oga wants to see me at night and he replied that this is when he’s free because they had just returned from a function. I replied that I can’t come out because its late. He went on about how the oga will be angry with him, I was confused and wondered why will the oga be angry at him because he could not see me (me d one dat needs a job) so why the emotions. I suspected nothing at all. On the 22nd of Oct at 7:55:48am, he sent me an sms( can you see oga by 9am.bcos he’s goin for a journey dis afternoon). I called immediately I got the sms, I received no response and later he called saying he was driving oga somewhere and that he will cal me. Later he sent me messages that I should come quickly to Elekahia so I could meet oga before he travels and that my life will change cos he(oga) helps people. I quickly got dressed, told my brothers I want to go and see someone that wants to help me get a job. I boarded a cab straight to Elekahia and called him. When I alighted, he came out to meet me some minutes later that oga is in a meeting and that I will go upstairs and wait for him. On getting to the building, it was a hotel. I asked him why here and he said this is one of his lodge where he holds his meetings and he is the one that manages the places so I should not be scared. We got to the reception and he collected a key and we went upstairs. On getting there, it was room 129, it was like an office(never knew the next door was a room) he asked me to order something and I ordered for water. Then he started saying he wanted to discuss something with me so that I will know how to answer oga’s questions when he comes. Then he asked what if oga wants sex from me. I replied that I don’t know because that isn’t the reason I am here. And he says he wants to tell me how it goes. I replied that I wasn’t interested and wanted to go home. He asked me to stand up, I did and he said I should move to d room, I replied that I wanted to leave and he forcefully pushed me to the room. I sat on the bed there and asked him “why are you doing this? I trusted you that’s why I came here and now u wanna force yourself on me. please let me go I will give you anything you want apart from sex” He said he wanted N5m and picked up the glass cup and was like if I don’t co-operate, he’s going to smash my face then he hits the glass cup on me(it didn’t break). He then threatened that he was going to call his boys to come and have turns with me and they will make videos and pictures. He started bragging about all d videos he has done with his phone. Then he made a call and asked them to come upstairs. He is above 6ft and well built and I am jst 5″3. I was so scared, when he pulled all his clothes and wore a condom and that’s when we started struggling with my clothes. He then held my throat and pulled my jeans. He hit me so hard that I started gasping for air and passed out, woke up and he was still raping me brutally. 
I couldn’t breathe. I was crying and begging him and he held me down saying “I will kill you and nobody will question me.” When he was done, he pulled me up to the bathroom and poured water on me,when he noticed I was still gasping for air, he gave me C.P.R(mouth to mouth). I was in pains and I was shaking, I couldn’t utter a word and he asked me to get dressed so he could call a cab for me. I managed to get dressed and he held me so that I wouldn’t fall because I had difficulty walking. He put me in a cab and that was when I asked for a police station around and reported the case. We went back to the hotel and he wasn’t there anymore and we got reports that I wasn’t the first this is happening to(the other lady destroyed the door handle of room 129 when she was trying to escape) and that another lady was also waiting for him. So now I know I am not his only victim and I want justice. I want him punished and I also want other ladies in Port-harcourt to beware of dis dude. I also munched our bbm conversation as evidence.I want him punished for what he did to me and many other ladies suffering in silence. 
 Next Story: 
 Cynthia’s Diaries Part one 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Skype 
 WhatsApp 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Related 
 friend JOB jobhunting lagos PORT HARCOURT rape 
 Published by ollanrewaju 
 A very simple guy that loves being dynamic with strategic thinking.   View all posts by ollanrewaju  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Photos: Rihanna rocks braids for I-D magazine 
 Next Next post: 9JA Cex Story: Cynthia’s Diaries Part one 
 2 thoughts on "[TRUE LIFE STORY] How I Was Brutally Raped By A Friend While Trying To Get A Job" 
 Add Comment 
 
 
 Pingback:  Sex Story: African sex stories | University of Gossip 
 
 
 Pingback:  My sexual story with Nigeria’s Banking Sector | University of Gossip 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search for: Search 
 Blog Stats 
 
 5,238,955 hits 
 
 Recent Posts: 9JA Stories 
 Random tales about "Truth or Dare": (Brothers and Sisters) 
 
 NOTICE: Random tales about Truth or Dare is literally as the name suggests, they are just random tales I came across, they’re not written by me. Respective acknowledgement is given to the different writers of different episodes of this random tales and it is basically different from the actual “Truth or Dare” stories written by […] 
 9ja Story: The Facebook Girl … (Season 7 Episode 28) 
 
 Previously on S07 Episode 27 ME: eeehm Benita, there is a latest development. BENITA: latest development?, what is that? ME: my two cousins got a job here in Lagos and they have resumed work since December 1st and they are living with me. Also, one of my friends in Mushin had accommodation problem and he […] 
 Random tales about "Truth or Dare": (A Night to Remember) 
 
 NOTICE: Random tales about Truth or Dare is literally as the name suggests, they are just random tales I came across, they're not written by me. Respective acknowledgement is given to the different writers of different episodes of this random tales and it is basically different from the actual "Truth or Dare" stories written by […] 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 26,343 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 9ja Story: Aunty Shola || written by #michael_ghost 
 
   
 
 Nigerian stories: African sex tales and Nigerian sex story 
 
   
 
 Cex Story: My dad and I [Part 1] 
 
   
 
 Shocking!!! Olosho [runsgirl] now have a standard website #runsgirldotcom 
 
   
 
 Cex Story: My dad and i [Part 2] 
 
   
 
 True story: I FOUND AN IPHONE ON THE GROUND AND WHAT I FOUND IN ITS PHOTO GALLERY TERRIFIED ME [Part 2] 
 
   
 
 Video: SHS students mating during school hours as welcome back. 
 
   
 
 #SeductionSeries: Pool of Seduction || written by #michael_ghost 
 
   
 
 #SeductionSeries: Seducing Judith || written by Michael_Ghost #michael_ghost  
 
   
 
 Video: SHS students mating during classes [Part 2] 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category #aooms  (97) #Twerk Planet  (31) 9ja Cex Stories  (132) Articles  (166) blogging  (17) Book of Stories  (193) Cex Story  (74) Commedy Skit  (15) Education  (105) Entertainment  (553) Facts & Opinions  (146) Fashion  (8) Gossip  (723) INTERVIEW  (67) Jokes  (25) MUSIC  (44) News  (838) Other short stories  (278) photos  (365) politics  (104) Relationship  (336) Seasonal Stories  (134) Social issues  (352) Sports  (396) TECHNOLOGY  (110) TV shows, Movies, Cartoons & Anime  (14) Uncategorized  (6) Videos  (94) 
 Like our Facebook Page 
 
 Like our Facebook Page 
 
 Follow University of Gossip on WordPress.com 
 Follow US on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Michael Green on  Cex Story: Me And My Twins… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anonymous on  9ja Story: Nasty Nancy 
 
 
 
 Anonymous on [Cex Story: My dad and i  Part… 
 
 
 
 
 (C) 2021  University of Gossip 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
