Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Care Coordinator - Hemodialysis 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, Toronto Rehabilitation Institute and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. Tthe University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 The scope of research and complexity of cases at Toronto General Hospital have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. It has one of the largest hospital-based research programs in Canada, with major research in transplantation, surgical innovation, cardiology, infectious diseases, genomic medicine and liver disease. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here 
 As a member of the multi-disciplinary team on the Nephrology - Hemodialysis Unit, the PATIENT CARE COORDINATOR acts as a resource for the multidisciplinary team. This position will play a leadership role by mentoring and providing direction, ongoing development and preceptorship to team members. The principal responsibilities include: performing financial/administrative responsibilities to ensure efficient and effective unit operation; contributing to staff development by promoting and ensuring a supportive/collaborative learning environment within the service(s)/cluster area based on the principles of adult learning and practice standards for nurses, students and ancillary staff; performing human resources responsibilities; liaising with members of the multi-disciplinary team to ensure high standards of quality and optimal management of patient care outcomes; performing cross-functional and/or other duties consistent with the job classification as assigned or requested. 
 Qualifications 
 Baccalaureate in Nursing required, Masters preferred 
Current certificate of competency (licensure) from the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Basic Cardiac Life Support (B.C.L.S.) program Level II 
Three (3) years recent Medical/Surgical nursing experience, additional experience with Hemodialysis patients preferred 
Demonstrated leadership abilities and Supervisory experience 
Demonstrated ability towards team building and collaboration 
Effective organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills 
Client service oriented, with the ability to effectively work with diversity and appreciate that people with different opinions, backgrounds and characteristics bring richness to the challenge or situation at hand 
Ability to perform duties in a professional and courteous manner and produce high quality work while meeting deadlines in accordance to UHN standards 
Exercise initiative and good judgment with ability to multi-task 
Excellent decision making and problem solving skills 
Clinical and patient teaching skills 
Excellent time management skills 
 Application Closing Date:  Until Filled 
 If you are interested in making a contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications will be given first consideration. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
University Health Network has a diverse workforce and is an equal opportunity employer. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
