Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Flow Coordinator - Casual - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
The Patient Flow Coordinators are integral members of our dynamic clinical team promoting optimal patient outcomes by assessing and facilitating the effective management of care, utilization of resources and length of stay. The Patient Flow Coordinators are responsible for coordinating the discharge planning process. 
 You will work with the inter-professional team, patients and family to identify those patients most in need of discharge planning services and develop individualized plans to facilitate a safe, appropriate and timely discharge. You will also assist in identifying and addressing processes and or other issues that impede the patients flow from admission to discharge. In addition, you will support the organizational strategic priorities, direction and initiatives. 
 The successful candidate will demonstrate exceptional leadership and case management skills, as well as possess a level of understanding of care across the continuum. In addition, you will demonstrate a high level of professional integrity and accountability, and play a key role in system development and assume responsibilities on committees and task forces as appropriate. 
 Duties and Responsibilities will include: 
Ensures discharge planning is initiated within 24 hours and works with patient/family to identify individual discharge needs and goals 
Liase with the interdisciplinary team, to facilitate and coordinate appropriate treatments, tests, procedures to expedite completion 
Facilitate and participate in appropriate patient care planning in daily bullet rounds and case conferences 
Counsel patients and families related to hospital admission and discharge to provide continuity of care 
Working with patient/family for discharge to appropriate discharge destinations including: home, rehab, convalescent care, retirement homes, complex care facilities and other community placements. Works with team and patient/family if necessary for LTC placement 
Review health records of appropriate patients 
 Compensation: 
$33.59 - $47.26 per hour 
 Work Schedule: 
Primarily days, Monday to Friday, and rotating weekends. Please note schedules may change based on operational needs and requirements. 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Baccalaureate degree in Nursing coupled with current licensure in good standing with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Minimum 5 years of recent acute care experience 
Recent experience with patient flow, discharge planning, community resources is preferred 
Demonstrated strengths in interpersonal relations, problem solving, and conflict resolution 
Demonstrated excellent verbal and written skills 
Demonstrated commitment to professional development 
Experience in working with electronic documentation, preferably, Meditech 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrated commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
