We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Python Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 PythonWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Ometria 
 ](/companies/ometria) 
 
 50-249 
 
 Here at Ometria, our mission is to help retailer create marketing experiences their customers will love. Our core technology is a customer marketing platform that enables online retailers to send personalised marketing messages throughout the customer journey, increasing customer loyalty and lifetime value. Ometria aggregates customer data from every touch point during the e-commerce process, building individual customer profiles that can be utilised to maximise the outreach and effectiveness of marketing interactions. Currently profiling over 200 million people, we work with over 180 brands, from notonthehighstreet.com, Fred Perry to Hotel Chocolat. We now have offices in London, Southampton and New York, successfully raised 25 million in our Series B fund-raising round and are a part of the Future 50 cohort for 2020. On this journey to providing a product that really stands out we have grown a team of driven, self-reflective and dedicated Ometrians. 
 Remote Working Technology Early Stage Venture AWS Flask Golang KUBERNETES 
 All Jobs from Ometria 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Python jobs Django jobs Ansible jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Python articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
