Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Study: LinkedIn The Most Effective Job Recruiting Social Network 
 __ Feb 15 Aug 22  __ Omri Shabath 
 LinkedIn always been proud to be the largest professional social network on the web, where just last week they announced they have  more than 150 million users . Recently, it received a big reinforcement for this claim as a research found that it is the most effective job recruiting social network. 
 The  study  conducted by the recruitment software developer, Bullhorn, and examined its 35,000 recruiters performances (the company is handling 150,000 job orders every month from 35 countries) among the top three most popular social networks- Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. 
 The findings of this study has proved (once again) that whenever it comes to professional services (such as recruiting) LinkedIn still ruling even though its only about fifth the  size of Facebook . Surprisingly enough, even Twitter has better recruiting performances than Facebook… 
 LinkedIn better productivity reflects in terms of both job views and job applications (actual connection between the job seeker to the recruiter). First, the study is revealing that Twitter drives almost twice as much job views than Facebook, while LinkedIn drives nearly six times more job views than Facebook. 
 Second, in terms of job applications by job seekers the gap grows even wider. Twitter drives almost three times more applications than Facebook, while LinkedIn drives almost nine times more applications! Meaning, posting jobs in both Twitter and certainly LinkedIn proved to be much more effective than the Facebook giant. 
 More interesting findings from the study: 48% of the recruiters are using only LinkedIn for their efforts compared to 1% that do so exclusively on Facebook or Twitter. The average recruiter in LinkedIn has 616 connection, 151% more than Facebook (245 average connections) and 1,565% (!) more than Twitter (37 average connections). 
 This isn’t the first research that points out on LinkedIn as a main recruiting platform online. In September 2011, comScore also  indicated  that LinkedIn is one of the biggest employment sources online as the social network demonstrated to constitute a high rate of job searchers. 
 Whether you are a recruiter or a seeker, LinkedIn seems to be one of the major places online you should look into. Take that Zuckerberg! 
 Posted in  Career Tagged  linkedin 
 Work From Home 
 
 A Simple Guide to Becoming a Freelancer 
 
 There's never been a better time for freelance work than right now.   […] 
 
 How Does Working From Home Affect Your Health? 
 
 Can working from home benefit your health? It's a possibility. Many   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 The Extensive Benefits of Thorough Business Documentation 
 
 Did you know that businesses lose about 21% of worker productivity because   […] 
 
 4 Essential Marketing Tips for Growing Your General Contracting Business 
 
 According to the latest data from the Associated General Contractors of   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 
 Get Paid (Every Time): The Ultimate Guide to Freelance Contracts 
 
 The freelance industry is big. There are people that perform freelance   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 7 Tips for Finding the Best Cable Provider in Your Area 
 Distance Learning Tip Guide to Keep Your Child Attentive 
 What Is Agile? A Basic Guide 
 Galaxy Buds vs AirPods: Which is Better? 
 How to Convert an ASPX File to PDF in 5 Easy Steps 
 7 Essential Services Every Remote Office Worker Needs 
 How to Calculate Sig Figs Like a Pro 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
