
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 LEARNING 
 
 FREE TRIAL UPSKILL HR 
 UPSKILL HR 
 ACE THE HR EXAM 
 ACE THE HR EXAM AUDIO 
 HR PRACTICE TEST 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 Workology Podcast 
 Go Podcast 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Speaking 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 SIGN IN 
 
 
 HR and Recruiting Job Titles & Salaries 
 Dec 28, 2017  | By    Jessica Miller-Merrell   |  HR 
   
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 __ 
 
 One of corporates biggest mysteries is that of the structure and role of team members within the HR Department. Those who work within HR and recruiting experience this every single day, but as the market for talent has increased in competition, organizations are focused heavily on the retention, development, and hiring of talent for their organization. In most organizations, this is the main responsibility of the HR department along with compliance, employment law, and administration that is typically associated with a role in human resources. We’ve put together a basic set of guidelines on  how to write an effective job description posting and template . 
 This guide is intended to serve as a map for organizations who are establishing or expanding an HR department and for current HR leaders or aspiring ones that want to provide context and information for their peers and leadership on the roles, responsibilities, and complexities of HR. 
 Related:  HR Organization and Team Structure 
 How Many People Should Work in Your HR Department 
 The size of an organization and it's a commitment to its culture and people largely determine the organizational structure of HR not to mention geography and leadership. Companies that are interested in determining how many people should work in HR can determine an HR to employee ratio as a guide to determining if more HR support needs to be added to the department. On a basic level, the HR to staff ratio is the number of employees/HR team members. 
 In 2017, Bloomberg BNA found the median HR to staff ratio to be 1.4 for every 100 workers served by the HR department. This ratio has significantly increased in part due to the increased demand for talent, changes to the ACA and overtime rules. A direct link to this Bloomberg BNA survey is listed in the sources section at the end of this article. 
 The median #HR to staff ratio is 1.4 for every 100 workers served by the #Humanresources department. #workology #hrfacts  Click To Tweet 
 
 List of HR and Recruiting Job Titles & Descriptions 
 This list of HR and recruiting job titles are broken down into four different areas: 
 
 Administrative Roles 
 Specialist Roles 
 Mid-Level Leadership 
 Senior Leadership & Executive Roles 
 
 Accompanying each HR and recruiting title includes a brief description of their role, the likely employment status (exempt, non-exempt, or contract) as well as other similar or interchangeable job titles. The more strategic and senior roles are listed at the bottom of this resource. Administrative and specialist roles appear at the top of this list. 
 
 HR Administrative Roles 
 
 HR Coordinator 
 A true administrative position. An HR coordinator has responsibility for filing, maintaining reports, processing payroll and typically the scheduling of interviews. HR Coordinators might plan and organize events, develop email content for newsletters and other inter-office communication within the department and the company. Their roles are focused on administration providing a valuable service to the organization in maintaining order and a system for everything. They are hourly non-exempt workers. 
 The average pay for an HR Coordinator is $18.32 per hour. As a salaried position, the average pay for an HR Coordinator is $44,353 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $58,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $34,000. 
 Related Resource:  HR Coordinator Job Description   |  HR Assistant Interview Questions  |  HR Coordinator Interview Questions 
 
 Payroll Coordinator 
 A true administrative position that is responsible for processing and managing the payroll process. An HR coordinator is responsible for maintaining reports, payroll processing, and other employee-related expenses and programs. Often times the payroll coordinator like the HR coordinator role is the Swiss Army knife of the department filling in where needed and responsible for an ever-changing number of HR and payroll-related tasks. In some organizations, the payroll coordinator may fall under the management of operations or accounting. 
 The average salary for a Payroll Coordinator is $46,467 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $60,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $35,000. 
 Related:  Payroll Coordinator Job Description   |  Payroll Coordinator Interview Questions 
 
 Recruiting Coordinator 
 A true administrative position. A recruiting coordinator has responsibility for administrative tasks within hiring including the ATS, maintaining reports, and typically the scheduling of interviews. Their roles are focused on administration providing a valuable service to the organization in maintaining order and a system specifically for recruiting and hiring. They are hourly non-exempt workers. 
 Salary Range:  A Recruiting Coordinator's compensation range in the U.S. averages 45,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $61,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $45,000. 
 Related:  Recruiting Coordinator Job Description  |  Recruiting Coordinator Interview Questions 
 
 Human Resources Specialist Roles 
 HR Specialist 
 Typically 1-3 years of experience working in HR. Still focused on administration, payroll processing, and other administrative tasks. HR specialists can gain additional experience working on specialty projects, employee orientation, training, and pre-screen interviewing. Human Resource Specialists have a basic understanding of some employment law. They are hourly non-exempt workers and serve as a go-to resource for employees and managers alike. 
 The average pay for a Human Resources (HR) Specialist is $49,700 per year and the average hourly rate is $18.83 per hour. Those in the 90th percentile make $73,000 per year or $25.53 an hour, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $36,000 or $14.19 per hour. 
 Related:  HR Specialist Job Description 
 
 Sourcer 
 A sourcer is someone who searches out and finds candidates for often highly technical, specialized, and hard to fill roles within an organization by building a candidate funnel. Often times this is accomplished by using the internet to search, source, and locate candidates but can also be done using phone sourcing or other methods. Depending on the size of the organization and industry, this role might serve in phone screening or an initial qualifying call with candidates but it depends on the larger organization and department. This is often a non-exempt role and commonly a contract position. 
 The average pay for a Technical Sourcer is $72,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $99,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $46,000. 
 Related:  Sourcer Job Description 
 
 Trainer 
 If HR is also responsible for learning, training, and development, the role of trainer falls under the umbrella of HR. Trainers can be employee orientation leaders or those that facilitate training and development programs as well as provide specialized training and learning for certain employee groups and departments. The role and responsibilities for the trainer are dependants on the size and scope of the organization. If an organization has a separate training and L&D department, this individual may be a peer to an HR manager and report directly to an HR Director or a Training Director or other learning and development leadership role. This role may be an exempt level or non-exempt level role. 
 The average pay for a Trainer is $52,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $94,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $30,000. 
 Related:  Corporate Training Job Description  |  Corporate Training Interview Question Guide 
 
 HR Generalist 
 Typically a salary level position, these recruiting managers may or may not oversee and supervise a staff of employees. Generalists in their roles these individuals often do a bit of everything including benefits, compensation, recruiting and handling employee relations issues each and every day. The responsibilities in this role are very wide. I’ve experienced everything from location forecasting and budgeting, recruiting and interviewing, compliance to overseeing EEOC investigations and claims. HR Managers sometimes process payroll but are less administrative than coordinator or specialist roles. Often they are cross-trained in the administrative tasks for emergencies. 
 Salary Range:  An HR Generalist’s compensation range in the U.S. averages $52,440. Those in the 90th percentile make $65,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $40,000. 
 Related:  HR Generalist Job Description   |  HR Generalist Interview Questions 
 
 Recruiter 
 A recruiter is one who specializes in the hiring and selection of open positions within an organization. This role serves as a project manager of sorts maintaining a number of open job listings or requisitions that the organization is hiring for. Recruiters may source although their role is largely managing and selecting the most qualified 3-5 candidates for an open position from job seekers who applied for a position through a company's career site and applicant tracking system. The recruiters most commonly works with candidates and hiring managers. Depending on the organization size and industry, a recruiter can specialize in a certain area, region, division such as serving as a technical recruiter, diversity, recruiter for the central region, or a sales recruiter. The position is normally an exempt level or contract role within an organization. 
 The average salary for a Payroll Coordinator is $46,467 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $60,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $35,000. 
 Related:  Recruiter Job Description  |  Recruiter Interview Questions 
 
 Human Resource Information Specialist (HRIS) 
 An HRIS role within HR oversees and maintains the growing number of HR and recruiting technologies used by the department. The HRIS team member is familiar with recruiting and HR processes and responsibilities but is highly technical working to maintain HR and recruiting technology systems. This role interfaces directly with the information technology or IT department sometimes falling under its umbrella. As more companies add more technologies to their existing departments, the importance of maintaining the tech, integrations, and basic administration is extremely important for HR's future success with their organization. This position is normally an exempt level or contract role within an organization. 
 Salary Range:  A HRIS Analyst compensation range in the U.S. averages $65,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $90,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $49,000. 
 Related:  HRIS Job Description Template  
 
 Human Resources Mid-Management Roles 
 
 HR Manager 
 Typically a salary level position, these human resource managers may or may not oversee and supervise a staff of employees. Generalists in their roles these individuals often do a bit of everything including benefits, compensation, recruiting and handling employee relations issues each and every day. The responsibilities in this role are very wide. I’ve experienced everything from location forecasting and budgeting, recruiting and interviewing, compliance to overseeing EEOC investigations and claims. HR Managers sometimes process payroll but are less administrative than coordinator or specialist roles. Often they are cross-trained in the administrative tasks for emergencies. 
 Salary Range:  An HR Manager's compensation range in the U.S. averages $57,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $79,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $40,000. 
 Related:  Human Resource Manager Job Description  |  HR Manager Interview Questions 
 
 Recruiting Manager 
 Typically a salary level position, these recruiting managers may or may not oversee and supervise a staff of employees. Recruiting managers oversee a team of recruiters, coordinators, and sourcers. They are often also responsible for hiring a number of job openings and positions depending on the size of the organization. This manager helps with budgeting, reporting, planning, and strategy for recruiting and hiring. This position is an exempt level position. 
 Salary Range:  A Recruiting Manager's compensation range in the U.S. averages $71,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $112,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $45,000. 
 Related:  Recruiting Manager Job Description 
 
 Compensation and Benefits Manager 
 A compensation and benefits manager focuses specifically on navigating the ever-changing world of employee benefit programs and compensation. This role is responsible for managing benefit plans including health insurance, life insurance, dental, vision, 401(k) plans, and other programs like employee assistance programs and tuition reimbursement. The compensation and benefits manager is responsible for managing employee payroll expenses including compensation plans, audits, and pay bands and position levels. This role is normally exempt level. 
 The average pay for a Compensation and Benefits Manager is $87,236 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $119,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $61,000. 
 Related:  Compensation and Benefits Manager Job Description  
 
 HR Business Partner 
 This role is seen less of a generalist or manager and someone who takes a more consultative role working in HR. Human resource business partners have clients within the organization they provide resources and build relationships with focusing on the missions and objectives set forth by the organization. There is much less focus on compliance and administration. An organization instead typically has an HR Services Center or central department to help provide support in the form of policy development and enforcement, benefits, and compensation. This person is seen as an operational and more strategic resource for the region or area in which they support. This is an exempt level position. 
 Salary Range:  A HRBP's compensation range in the U.S. averages $75,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $102,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $53,000. 
 Related:  Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) Job Description  |  HRBP Interview Questions 
 Employer Brand Manager 
 Employer Brand Managers usually have backgrounds in communications-related fields, like public relations, marketing or mass communications, or business disciplines, such as human resources, organizational development or management. The job titles in employer brand are new and are often referred to as Talent Brand or Recruitment Marketing. These jobs are recruiting-specific jobs that are responsible for digital recruiting, employer brand, and recruitment advertising activities including social media, job postings, automation, programmatic advertising, SEO, and other online recruitment subject areas. 
 They understand key marketing and communications concepts, and they know how to relate these to recruiting and HR strategy. Employment brand managers aren't likely to be directly involved in recruiting new talent, but they help execute the strategy that makes people want to work for the company. 
 Salary Range:  An Employer Brand Manager has a salary range of $73,686. Those in the 90th percentile make $133,000 and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $46,000. 
 Related:  Employer Brand Manager Interview Questions 
 
 Human Resources Senior Leadership Roles 
 
 HR Director 
 Often responsible for HR teams of 2 or more, human resource directors oversee a region, a number of locations or serve as the highest-ranking member of HR within the company but this is not always the case. HR Directors often are responsible for building annual budgets and often times have decision making when it comes to buying software, systems and negotiating benefits offerings for the company. Less likely to be a department of 1 than the HR Manager, their responsibilities are less compliance and policy and more focused on building relationships with executive team members and driving results for the organization focused on human capital and company. 
 Salary Range:  An HR Director's compensation range in the U.S. averages $86,000. Those in the 90th percentile make $133,000 per year and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $53,000. 
 Related:  Human Resources Director Job Description  |  HR Director Interview Questions 
 
 Recruiting Director 
 The Recruiting Director is responsible for the hiring of the entire head of recruiting which is also often referred to as talent acquisition or talent attraction in some organizations. The Recruiting Director often reports to the VP of HR and serves as the senior leader focused on the hiring and recruiting process. This individual is the department decision maker responsible for budgeting, allocation, and strategy planning interfacing with senior leadership on the subject of talent acquisition and recruitment. This position is an exempt level position. 
 The average pay for a Recruiting Director is 91,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $146,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $52,000. 
 Related:  Recruiting Director Job Description Template  
 
 VP of HR 
 Depending on the size of the organization, the vice president of human resources often reports directly to the CEO or COO of an organization although sometimes the CHRO or chief human resource officer has this distinction. Depending on the structure and size of the organization, the VP of HR works with the executive team to discuss business objectives. They view financial documents and work to understand how the focused programs and services they offer the organization drive revenue. The VP of HR works to integrate people into the full scope of business operations evaluating how the impact of human capital benefits the overall organization. This position is heavily focused on business metrics, reporting, and analytics directly in contrast to the administrative roots of the industry. This is an exempt level position and often a key decision maker at the company. Often times this position is called the VP of People. 
 The average pay for a Vice President of HR is $134,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $193,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $87,000. 
 Related:  Vice President of Human Resources Job Description  |  VP of HR Interview Questions 
 
 Chief Diversity Officer 
 The Chief Diversity Officer is focused solely on diversity initiatives for the organization. This position in Fortune 500 companies and those within the tech industry normally reports directly to the CEO. This individual is focused on increasing diversity and inclusion within an organization. Sometimes this role is also referred to as Vice President of Diversity and could also report directly to the CHRO depending on a company's organizational structure. This position is strategic and is an exempt level position. 
 The average pay for a Chief Diversity Officer is $119,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $202,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $69,000. 
 Related:  Chief Diversity Officer Job Description  
 
 Chief Human Resource Officer 
 For larger organizations, the CHRO or Chief Human Resources Officer reports directly to the CEO. This individual is part of the executive team and often working with the board of directors and investors to provide updates, reports, and information relative to CEO performance. The CHRO is focused on the strategy people human capital and how HR programs grow revenue and the organization for the broad and often global organization and for the longer term. A number of companies are calling the CHRO role the Chief People Officer. This position is truly strategic and is an exempt level executive position. 
 The average pay for a Chief HR Officer is $156,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $249,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $92,000. 
 Related:  Chief Human Resource Officer Job Description  
 
 HR Job Title Resources 
 
 Bloomberg BNA HR Ratio Report 
 List of Common HR Metrics 
 Difference Between HR Business Partner and HR 
 List of HR Job Titles  (without descriptions) 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Employer Review Sites for Employers & Candidates 
 Welcome to Upskill HR by Workology: Recertification -> 
 Posted in  HR 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell (@jmillermerrell) is a workplace change agent, author and consultant focused on human resources and talent acquisition living in Austin, TX. Recognized by Forbes as a top 50 social media influencer and is a global speaker. She’s the founder of Workology, a workplace HR resource and host of the Workology Podcast. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Robin Joseph  says 
 
 January 17, 2018 at 6:58 am 
 Wow, Jessica, It is an amazing list. Thank you for taking time and mentioning the list of hr recruiting job titles. I would also like to mention about a magical tool for HR's. It is a pre-assessment tool that helps recruiters to know insights of the candidates before calling them for the interviews. HR pros can try it and explore more about it by taking a free self-assessment here:  http://bit.ly/2z4PMU  and by scheduling a free demo:  http://bit.ly/2BGpdI 
 * Jessica Miller-Merrell says
 
 March 4, 2019 at 7:54 pm 
 Hi Robin, 
 Maybe we should discuss sponsorship opportunities. I think they'd be much more effective then a blog comment strategy. Check out our contact us form and we can connect on sponsorship packages.  https://workology.com/about/contact/  BTW, your links are broken or directing me to the wrong place. 
 JMM 
 __ Search 
 
 
 
 __ON AIR WITH WORKOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
  __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __  
 Copyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group. 
 
 Contributing 
 Advertising 
 Disclaimer 
 Press 
 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
