Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Estates Solution and Advice Representative 
 TD Bank 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 What does a progressive career look like at TD? For starters, we believe in forward-thinking leadership and insights. TD aims to stand out from its peers by having a differentiated brand – anchored in our proven business model, and rooted in a desire to give our customers, communities and colleagues the confidence to thrive in a changing world. 
 It is our People who make the difference in the dynamic and diversified businesses of Money-In Customer Service. Our culture of engagement, development and recognition of accomplishments of our colleagues, has crafted an environment where individuals are inspired to exceed business objectives. 
 Are you thinking about jump-starting your career in TD? 
 Consider building & developing your skills within TD Personal Banking Delivery Excellence – Estates Centre of Excellence (ECoE). 
 The Estates Centre of Excellence (ECoE) within Personal Banking Delivery Excellence is a centralized department dedicated to providing guidance in the settlement of Estate files nationwide for Executors and business partners and customers while ensuring legendary customer and partner experiences. We work in an exciting, fast paced environment; our commitment is to be knowledgeable Estates experts delivering compelling value for our customers and business partners. The Estates Centre of Excellence works directly with Executors and supports TDCT Retail Branches, Direct Investing, Financial Planning and Private Investment Advice. We also work closely with Private Trust by referring executors to their team of experts who can provide professional executor services. 
 We are focused on innovation and data insights in the enablement of speed, agility and the ability to deliver legendary service to both our partners and customers, with teams located in Mississauga and Montreal. 
 Job Description 
 This position is a customer-facing role and is the first point of contact in the Estate administration process for Executors and our business partners. 
Estate Solutions and Advice Representative would be responsible for communicating over the phone and coordinating the settlement of Estates in conjunction with Executors and/or Beneficiaries. 
You will have experience balancing sensitive situations in a compassionate and patient manner. We also find opportunities to engage the appropriate TD lines of business (Financial Planners, Investment Advisors, Trust Officers etc.) to provide Executors and Beneficiaries with in depth financial advice. Reviewing Wills, estate disbursements, and other key estate documentation and ensuring it has been completed in accordance with legislative and provincial rules and regulations is also a requirement of this role. Encouraging positive customer and partner relationships will be the key to success in this role. 
 Job Requirements 
 What your experience, knowledge and skills encompass: 
The successful candidate must be a considerate and hardworking individual who communicates clearly and professionally. They should be diligent to ensure we are guiding our customers appropriately in such a sensitive time, as well as to mitigate any risk to the bank. 
 Ability to thrive in a high volume and fast paced environment 
Superior customer service and problem resolution skills 
Ability to engage customers and provide needs-based solutions 
Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Shown time-management, prioritization and multitasking abilities to balance own workflow and meet established Service Level Agreements 
Proven ability to remain resilient and positive in difficult and sensitive situations 
Ability to adapt to changing requirements and embrace new processes and technology improvements 
Be an outstanding teammate, we are a team that learns from each other in the pursuit of legendary service for our customers, interact and coordinate with multiple TD partners on behalf of the customer 
CETA 1 accreditation within 6 months to 1 year in role is an asset 
Successful completion of the Investment Funds Institute of Canada (IFIC) is an asset. 
Retail and Wealth knowledge is an asset 
 Additional Information 
 This role requires the incumbent to be flexible to meet multiple shift requirements based on business needs. Monday-Friday: 8am to 8pm; Saturday: 9am to 5pm 
 Bilingual French/English considered a strong asset. 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job FamilyGeneral 
Job Category - Primary 
 Commercial Banking 
 Job Category(s)Commercial Banking 
Hours 
 37.5 
 Business LineCorporate 
Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment TypeRegular 
Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary)Ontario 
City (Primary) 
 Mississauga 
 Work Location4880 Tahoe Boulevard 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
