Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Onboarding Specialist (Retail ERP) 
 Fulfil.io 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Customer Onboarding Specialist will focus on the implementation and onboarding of new Fulfil customers to the platform. You are responsible not only for crafting an exceptional experience for merchants as they bring their entire merchant operations processes onto Fulfil, but solve complex supply chain challenges that optimizes for their long-term. You will obsess over deadlines and work cross-functionally with multiple internal teams across product, engineering, sales, and account management to ensure timely delivery of each step of the on-boarding process. This is a strategic customer success role that requires an air of confidence, and a prescriptive rather than a reactionary approach to ensure ease during this transition leading to a successful Launch and Go-Live. 
 What you 'll do: 
Work closely with the onboarding team to facilitate and lead the entire onboarding process for new merchants 
Find innovative solutions to challenging supply chain problems facing our merchants 
Define best practices and streamline our onboarding process by designing and creating enablement curricula such as playbooks, presentations, videos, and other interactive course material 
Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure timeliness of each client deliverable 
Project manage across all stakeholders (internally and externally) and remove all barriers in order to exceed merchant expectations. 
Collaborate with other service and product areas to create a seamless experience for our merchants as they move from sales to data-migration, to set-up, delivery and go live. 
Wear multiple hats and make the most of the opportunity to work at an amazing, innovative, and rapidly growing company; passionate about doing something incredible! 
Work with the management team in making every potential Fulfil customer happy with every interaction 
 We’re looking for someone with: 
4+ years of experience in eCommerce Supply Chain management with strong prioritization and project management skills 
2+ years of hands-on experience implementing/using order management, inventory management, ERPs, and warehouse management solutions used by modern ecommerce merchants 
An interest in e-commerce and the ability to quickly understand the Fulfil product suite 
Energy and a wicked work ethic 
Self-discipline, focus amongst the chaos, and the ability to dig into the details in order to get the job done 
Strong project management and cross-functional collaboration skills, you are a task-management expert! 
A proactive mindset capable of creating a long-term vision, with a monthly/weekly plan and shipping velocity in days 
The ability to diagnose and solve complex problems on the fly using critical thinking and persuasion 
The ability to instill a deep sense of confidence in your clients to alleviate any worry they might develop when transitioning from an old, outdated (but familiar) system to a new service 
A sense of adventure and an entrepreneurial spirit 
Superior oral and written communication skills 
Genuine empathy for others and helping customers achieve their goals 
 Nice to haves: 
Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/Software company 
Prior project management, customer success, or professional services experience 
Experience with e-commerce technologies like Shopify or Shopify Plus, Magento, BigCommerce 
Coding ability or other technical experience 
 About Us: 
Fulfil.io helps high growth, high volume merchants simplify operations and scale for growth. With the rise in omnichannel commerce, Fulfil was founded with the simple idea that merchant operations need to be simplified in order to deliver amazing retail experiences. Fulfil enables businesses to turn their back-office operations into an accelerator for growth by integrating order management, inventory management, warehouse management, vendor/supplier management, wholesale, manufacturing, financials and customer service, into one seamless solution. We believe merchants should love their operations platform, and we work hard to make that happen every single day. Fulfil.io is a trusted solution for brands like DreamCloud, Mejuri, Lie-Nielsen Toolworks, and many more. 
 Fulfil.io is a technology company with offices in Toronto, Bangalore, and San Francisco. The team is made up of people who want to feel challenged at work, be the best at their craft and learn from one another. We come from different backgrounds and experiences, all passionate about the work we do, the team we do it with, and the customers we do it for. Join us in our journey to simplify operations and empower merchants around the world! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
