Skip to content Menu 
 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 
 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 
 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 
 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 
 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior 
 Inside Stories of the Struggle to Juggle Motherhood & Career 
   
 Lean In Or Lean Out? How To Decide Your Next Move When You Are Questioning Your Career Commitment 
 Working moms spend years building up our careers, and then we can spend hours a day stressing over how much our jobs are taking us away from our family after kids come along. This happened to Tamara Birch-Olason, a human resources director and mom of two boys ages 3 and 8. She shares the 10 directives you should follow when you wonder if rising up the corporate ladder or building your business is worth so much time away from your kids. 
 Tamara was excited to tell us about her new job that gave her more leadership. But you know what sometimes comes with more responsibility? More time away from home. If you struggle with balancing work and travel and nurturing young children, it’s time to question if you want to continue pushing full steam ahead in your career or step back. How do you know when to lean in and when to lean out? 
 Sometimes the hardest part isn’t actually making a change, but figuring out exactly what you want first. It doesn’t have to be all or nothing. Sometimes you can find that elusive balance by adjusting your schedule, changing jobs, changing careers, or working from home. 
 Tamara told us she is mom of two boys, ages 3 and 8, who became a mom later in life and adopted her younger son. She wants to give her boys more attention and not feel pulled in different directions. She's been working full-time in human resources for many years. Because of the demands on her time, she knows she doesn’t take the time she should to nurture herself or work out or plan healthy meals. She left a Fortune 50 company recently to move cross country to take a new job as a human resources director in order to have more leadership in a smaller organization. She says workplace flexibility is expected nowadays by a senior level employee, but she still worries about how much time she is away from her kids. She knows she can’t be perfect and should stop putting so much stress on herself, but she’s questioning her career and thinking about pulling back to ease some of the travel challenges and other burdens. She's in the process of evaluating the trade-offs between her rising career and her growing boys. 
 "Most women who are trying to do it all are very hard-driving overachievers, and a lot of what is giving us stress is what we put on ourselves," Tamara said. 
 She said her family is at that stage where things are just starting to get pretty hectic as her kids get involved in activities and sports and all that. "I'm actually at the point of questioning that now," she said while describing her commitment to her career. She said she thinks what is missing in her life "is just time and space to let things evolve and happen and just have more room and more to give them, more attention I think, because you're pulled in a number of different directions all at the same time when you're trying to do both. And some of it you just feel stressed out," Tamara said. 
 She said she gets most stressed by her "workload and trying to make sure that everybody is challenged and that everyone's needs are met. So it's just trying to keep all the balls in the air at the same time," both at home and at work, since Tamara nurtures her employees as their supervisor. She said if she had more time, "I would work out more, and I would probably have more time to better plan meals and be a little bit healthier in that area." 
 She said she took the new job because "it was just a career shift that I was looking for from a 100,000-person organization to a much smaller organization where I had more leadership and impact. As a working mom a big factor was travel, which continues to be a challenge. I'm at a point in my life where you accept what is, and you know you can't be perfect in every area; don't try. And you just make it all work. Give the best you can." 
 After coming to that realization, she started to consider what she really values and wants for her future. "You start to think about the trade-offs that you're making and trying to figure out if it's what you really want." 
 You can watch the full story here: 
 #garyveechallenge 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 December 10, 2019December 8, 2019   Working Mom Warrior Balancing career ,  career ,  career woman ,  Have it all ,  Having kids ,  kids ,  Kids Activities ,  Maintaining career ,  Married moms ,  Mom confession ,  Moms ,  Mother ,  Motherhood ,  Mothers ,  Over Achiever ,  OverAchiever Mom ,  Parent ,  parenting ,  Productivity ,  success ,  wife ,  Woman ,  Work life balance ,  work-life balance ,  working mom ,  Working moms career ,  career commitment ,  lean in ,  lean out 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Letting go of a business you built: Sometimes the best thing to say is simply goodbye 
 Next Post How to use the clarity from an expensive lesson to bring value to your work and life 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Confronting A Crisis: When You Don't Know How To Help Your Child 
 Financial instability is a life-eating disease we must eliminate 
 A Letter To My Future College Graduate 
 The never ending journey to reach goals 
 Dealing with Conflicting Emotions During Parenting Transitions 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 October 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 September 2018 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 May 2014 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 
 
 JA on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Happiness vs. Achievement: The… 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 Anonymous on  Happiness vs. Achievement: The… 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Balancing career 
 Business Owner 
 career 
 career woman 
 Dad 
 dads 
 discipline 
 Empty Nest 
 failure 
 Father 
 Flex Schedule 
 Girl Scouts 
 Have it all 
 Having kids 
 husband 
 Job share 
 Keeping marriage alive 
 kids 
 Kids Activities 
 Kids Independence 
 loser 
 Maintaining career 
 marriage 
 Married moms 
 men 
 mom 
 Mom confession 
 Mom secrets 
 Mom trick 
 Moms 
 Mother 
 Motherhood 
 Mothers 
 Organization 
 Over Achiever 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 Parent 
 parenting 
 Pausing Career 
 pre-teen girl 
 Problem Solving 
 Productivity 
 Stalling career 
 success 
 Survey 
 Teens 
 Uncategorized 
 Volunteer 
 wife 
 winner 
 Woman 
 work from home 
 Work life balance 
 work-life balance 
 working mom 
 Working moms 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
