Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Customer Acquisition 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
We are building Canada’s #1 online grocery service – PC Express - allowing customers to shop in more ways (think web, apps, voice…) and receive their groceries when, where and how they want. This journey will be transformational not just for us, but all Canadians. We need big ideas, bigger enthusiasm and lot of diverse skills to come together and make this a reality and you will be a foundational part of that. 
 As the Director, Customer Acquisition supporting our PC Express online grocery business, you are a passionate leader who has a proven track record of managing and building high performing teams to achieve business results. You are able to define and clearly communicate the strategic direction for the team and have a deep understanding of designing and implementing customer acquisition strategies within an agile marketing framework. From creating top of funnel awareness, to implementing new growth opportunities, the ideal candidate is able to build and scale complex growth programs across the purchase funnel. 
What you'll do 
Visualizing, communicating and innovating the PC Express customer acquisition funnel 
Creating, prioritizing and executing on a growth marketing roadmap across digital and traditional channels 
Leading the team through quarterly goal orientation and bi-weekly sprint cycles 
Develop and validate hypotheses for driving customer growth 
Develop and measure tactics to test, optimize and scale against key metrics 
Partnering with our internal retail marketing teams to define opportunities and create testable initiatives that drive enterprise convergence and customer adoption 
Finding opportunities to collaborate with Product teams with the objective to bake growth tactics into the web and mobile products 
Leading and coaching a talented team of Demand Generation, Graphic Design, Copywriting, Growth Marketing and Marketing Analytics experts 
Consistently seeking new and innovative ways to leverage customer information, offers, value propositions and personalization to develop engaging, differentiated, and actionable campaigns across multiple channels 
Setting periodic sales budgets in collaboration with other leads (retention and growth forecasting) 
Managing the Marketing budget, optimizing spend against CAC, and reporting on contribution and EBIT in collaboration with the Customer Retention team 
Does this Sound like you? 
You are a leader with extensive hands-on experience leading a customer acquisition or growth marketing team 
You’re passionate about leading and coaching people and have a proven track record of building and developing a high performing team 
You are collaborative, can build meaningful relationships and have been part of large, cross functional teams that are working to solve complex problems 
You’re a creative thinker who can identify opportunities and are willing to do the work to make them happen; you’re not afraid of getting into the day to day with the team to move things forward 
You think on your feet, you try new approaches, and you’re resilient when things don’t go your way 
You’re a story teller who can gather relevant data from multiple sources and translate it into insightful stories and tactical recommendations for both the core team and senior leaders 
You’re a confident communicator who can influence others with your ability to convey messages in an impactful way - a true master of the elevator pitch 
You have an ownership mindset, you take great pride in your work and you have a passion for eliminating blockers 
You’re data-driven and understand the importance of uncovering insights. You know how to collect and analyze data, but you also listen to and trust your gut - you’re willing to take calculated risks 
And most importantly, you are an inspirational and inclusive leader that leverages diverse thinking and empathy to create positive impact on both our customers and our team. 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
