
   
 
 
 Homepage 
 
 
 Career 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Change language: 
 
 
 [ DE ](/unternehmen/karriere/arbeiten-bei-verbio/) 
 
 
 EN 
 
 
 Navigation ein-/ausblenden 
 
 
 Group 
 
 Company Close-Up 
 Vision & Mission 
 Compliance 
 Company Structure
 
 Holding 
 VERBIO Bitterfeld GmbH 
 VERBIO Zörbig GmbH 
 VERBIO Schwedt GmbH 
 VERBIO Pinnow GmbH 
 
 
 Management & Supervisory Board 
 History 
 Career 
 
 Job vacancies 
 Working at VERBIO 
 Entry Opportunities 
 
 
 Sponsoring 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
 verbiodiesel 
 verbioethanol 
 verbiogas 
 verbioglycerin 
 verbiosterol 
 Fertilizer 
 
 
 
 Expertise 
 
 Research & Development 
 Plant Engineering 
 Agriculture 
 
 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 Bio-Refinery 
 Sustainable Biofuels 
 Quality 
 
 
 
 Investor Relations 
 
 News & Publications
 
 Ad hoc Announcements 
 Corporate News 
 Press Releases 
 Financial Reports 
 
 
 Share 
 Financial Calendar 
 Annual Meeting
 
 Annual Meeting 2021 
 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2020 
 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2019 
 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2018 
 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2017 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2016 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2015 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2014 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2013 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2012 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2011 
 Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2010 
 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Declaration of Conformity 
 Corporate Governance Declaration 
 Directors Dealings 
 Voting Rights Announcement 
 Articles of Association 
 Rules of procedure 
 
 
 IR Distribution List 
 
 
 
 Press 
 
 News
 
 Press Releases 
 Corporate News 
 Ad-hoc 
 
 
 Dates & Events 
 Service & Download 
 Press Distribution List 
 
 
 
 #StrawClever 
 
 
 Working at VERBIO 
 Opportunities & Prospects 
 VERBIO AG is one of the leading independent bioenergy manufacturers in Europe. The Group has approximately 700 employees at its locations in Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Brandenburg as well as at its foreign subsidiaries in India, the USA, Canada, Poland and Hungary. VERBIO concentrates on the use of internally developed innovative and efficient energy saving production processes. Besides production we focus on Research and Development, plant Engineering, Logistics and a close relationship to agriculture. 
 We offer great prospects to career entrants, specialists and executives. Even school-leavers seeking an apprenticeship and students interested in an internship at VERBIO are welcome to apply. 
 
 Our Values 
 Employee values at VERBIO 
 We are determined: 
 
 To nurture and develop our strong corporate culture; 
 To consolidate our healthy market position in order to remain a successful corporation that we enjoy working for. 
 
 VERBIO's employee values are a vital source of guidance. 
 TEAM SPIRIT 
 WE  help each other and communicate with one another openly, respectfully and fairly. One of our strengths is the ability to efficiently leverage the qualities of our employees – for the benefit of each individual, all the VERBIO teams and the entire company. 
 RESPONSIBILITY 
 WE  all affect the success of our company and take responsibility for our actions and their results. 
 CREATIVITY 
 WE  use the inventiveness of each and every employee to explore new, innovative approaches and to deliver unique services. 
 FLEXIBILITY 
 WE  say yes to changes and regard them as a challenge! We deal with market opportunities and clients' expectations by thinking and moving with agility. 
 DEDICATION 
 WE  perform our duties with the utmost care and determination. Everyone contributes to the company's success by means of their foresighted, thorough and conscientious attitude to their work. 
 IDENTIFICATION 
 WE  identify with our company. This is reflected in our daily work and the way in which we deal with our customers and business partners. 
 EXPERTISE 
 WE  are an expert team. We use and constantly develop our know-how to ensure the best possible results of our work. 
 
 What we offer 
 Contribute your own ideas! 
 We offer a challenging, responsible remit in an exciting business environment with attractive prospects. Use your dedication and ideas to develop your personal and technical skills with us! 
 Hard work pays 
 Our attractive remuneration system gives all employees the option of variable pay, including one-off bonuses and monthly pay rises. In addition, there's also an employee profit-sharing scheme. 
 Staff development – a crucial success factor 
 The annual appraisal interview is a source of feedback for employees and executives. It is also used to plan the personal development of each individual. We foster employees' professional and personal advancement by organizing suitable training courses and seminars depending on their requirements. Moreover, VERBIO supports part-time courses. 
 Retirement 
 As well as helping you plan your career, we also help you plan your retirement. In addition to your statutory pension insurance and a private pension, we offer a company pension scheme to everyone who's worked for VERBIO for at least a year, including the possibility to pay additional sums into your pension pot. 
 Exercise and health 
 Our employees health' is important to us. We keep fit by means of health days and actively participating in sports events like company runs and soccer tournaments. 
 Mobility & Public transport 
 If available at our locations we offer special tariffs for our employees to go to work by public transport, bus or train - costefficient and eco-friendly. 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 A healthy work-life balance is a vital element of employee satisfaction and performance. We feel duty-bound to respond to the diverse needs of our employees and to provide appropriate solutions – and a family-friendly company policy will remain essential to VERBIO. 
 One way in which we support families with children of preschool age is with a monthly nursery school subsidy. 
 Your contact person 
 Lisa Roos 
Personalreferentin 
VERBIO Vereinigte BioEnergie AG 
T: +49 341 308530-276 
E-Mail:  jobs@verbio.de 
 
 Legal 
 Privacy policy 
 Sales terms and delivery conditions 
 
