Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sergeant 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Classification & Regular Hours 
 Hours per Week:  40 
 Salary Grade:  16 
 Review of applications will begin Thursday, October 15th and will be ongoing throughout the posting period. Posting will be closed when filled. Interested applicants are encouraged to apply early. 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Campus Community Police Service is a values-driven service based on dignity and respect. We are committed to excellence in professional standards, personal development, community partnerships, and activities contributing to the safety, security and quality of life in the diverse University community. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Sergeant, as a front line supervisor, and as a leader is responsible for supervision of Special Constable Patrol Officers and Communications Operators on 24 X 7 X 365 shifts and is the in-charge person for the university, including initially acting as Incident Commander at any University emergency at all times after-hours. 
 Campus Police interact with the entire University population, approximately 40,000 faculty, staff and students as well as the Affiliate University Colleges, Research Parks and Spencer Leadership Centre. Each Sergeant is responsible for a patrol section which includes three Special Constables and one Communications Operator. Four units operate on a rotating 12 hours schedule which covers 24 hours each day. After regular business hours the Sergeant is responsible for the entire university, its assets and personal safety of persons.The Sergeant may call upon other internal/ external resources for support and is an integral part of the University’s emergency response structure. The Sergeant has the authority to deal with all routine matters and also is the Incident Commander in emergencies until relieved of such responsibility by someone of a higher rank, if required. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 5 years (current or previous) of Special Constable or Police Officer status pursuant to the current Province of Ontario Police Services Act 
 Post-secondary education (University degree or College diploma) is preferred 
 Ontario Police College Basic Constable Training or recognized equivalent is preferred 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Supervisory experience in an emergency response environment 
 Police supervisory experience is preferred 
 
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 
 
 Leadership, ethics, integrity and professionalism 
 Extensive knowledge of cultural diversity and community makeup 
 Previous municipal, provincial or federal policing experience, or equivalency 
 Effective communication skills, both verbal and written 
 Competency in keyboarding, computer and RMS skills, and the use of technology 
 Actively participate in and support lifelong learning 
 Effective planning and organizing skills 
 Positive leadership abilities 
 Effective management abilities 
 Stress management and conflict resolution skills 
 Excellent listening skills 
 Resiliency and prompt adaptability to situations or a changing environment 
 Basic understanding of Human Resource Management 
 Skilled in crisis management 
 Physical fitness to meet job requirements 
 Knowledge in security and security systems 
 Tactful, personable, congenial, exercises good judgment 
 Canadian citizenship or permanent resident status 
 No criminal record for which a pardon has not been granted and no criminal charges before the courts 
 Valid Ontario driver's license 
 
 Background Checks 
 Please note, successful applicants may be required to produce a current vulnerable sector record check from a police service prior to commencing employment. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
