Skip to content 
  Work At Home Power  
 Make Life A Little Less Stressful & Save The Commute! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Remote Jobs 
 Mystery Shopping 
 Side Hustles 
 Start A Blog 
 Contact 
 About 
 Newest Job Leads 
 
 Newest Job Leads 12/11/2020 
 December 11, 2020December 11, 2020 by  workathomepower 
 With Covid Cases on the rise, I am providing new job leads to those that have been searching to work from home or want to work from home due to Covid: 
 Group O   $13 an hour $200 Signing Bonus 
 Looking for additional members to join our inbound call center family as a Work From Home Customer Service Representative! You will assist customers through the redemption of rebates and rewards and resolve any questions and concerns that may arise. Group O provides an environment that is challenging, supportive, and appreciative. You will play a vital role in supporting our customer loyalty and reward programs in our call center. If you are tired of being seen as just a number and are ready to join a fun, friendly environment with opportunities for advancement- apply with Group O today! 
Responsibilities: 
 Work Schedule: M-F 10:15 AM - 7:00 PM 
 Goedekers:  Remote Customer Service Representative: $12-$15 
 Call Center Agent Job Duties: 
 Obtains customer information by answering telephone calls; Finding out customers needs. 
Informs customers by explaining procedures; answering questions; providing information. 
Maintains and improves company reputation by showing customers how much you care. 
Follow up with customers to insure customer is satisfied 
Researching required information using available resources. 
Handling and resolving customer complaints regarding product sales to customer service problems. 
Identifying, escalating priority issues and reporting to the high-level management. 
Completing call notes 
 Wear Felicity : Customer Service Representative $15 an hour 
 REMOTE POSITION. Looking for an individual to assist in answering emails and doing live chat support 
 Responsibilities: 
 Maintaining a positive, empathetic and detail oriented attitude toward customers at all times. 
Responding promptly to customer inquiries. 
Communicating with customers through various channels. 
Acknowledging and resolving customer complaints. 
Knowing our products inside and out so that you can answer questions. 
Processing orders, forms, applications, and requests. 
Keeping records of customer interactions, transactions, comments and complaints. 
Communicating and coordinating with colleagues as necessary. 
Providing feedback on the efficiency of the customer service process. 
Ensure customer satisfaction and provide detail oriented customer support. 
Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Pay: $15.00 per hour 
 Vivint Smart Home:  Customer Support Specialist $11.00 hour 
 Those who excel adapt to new situations, handle change, and balance multiple demands. 
We win together! Support Specialist are committed to their performance and they demonstrate a competitive and collaborative attitude in order to meet team and department goals. 
Our Support Specialists strive to develop a growth mindset. They are coachable and willing to learn and apply feedback to their professional and personal goals. 
Support Specialists take accountability and exhibit resilience to succeed on a competitive sales floor 
Ability to pass a background check and receive an Alarm License upon offer 
 Teleperformance  Ann Taylor Customer Service Representative 
 Responsibilities: 
The Home Advisor is responsible for all customer inquiries, questions, and issues. Provide world class customer service at all times. 
Troubleshoot web-site/discount issues, or research order status and assist with any order problem resolutions. 
Appropriately communicate with upset customers to resolve their inquiries. 
Passion to find the right solution 
Be supportive of management directives. 
Maintain and uphold the company's policies and procedures. 
Work with supervisors and management staff to accommodate client and customers needs and expectations. 
Maintain a positive attitude and show sincere concern for the customers' needs. 
 Omni Interactions:  $14 - $16 an hour 
 Overview: 
Take control of your work! Work-from-home Customer Service around your life. 
 Are you considering leaving the 9 to 5? Have you ever wanted to join the gig economy and set your own hours while working from home? We're looking for customer service-minded gig-workers! As a gig worker with Omni, you are self-employed. 
 What makes us different? 
It’s simple: We pay for available time! No more wasting time hoping you get a call, at Omni you can ACTUALLY make $14-$16/hour or more! 
 GBA Responsibilities: 
What work will you be performing? 
This project will be providing service (25-30% of the time you'll be on video) for a leading tax software company that allows users to easily prepare their tax returns. You will be providing customer service for those who want more information on features and functions of the software. 
 You will interact with customers through phone and/or chat, helping them navigate the software, locate prior years’ tax returns (maybe they saved it on another computer, can’t find it on their current computer, or they have paper copies), and/or downloading or saving files, installing programs and resetting passwords. 
 Earning Potential 
Projects will have varying pay, but all our projects pay for time spent talking on the phone/chatting & assisting callers (unlike other gig companies - we pay you for available time!) You may also receive performance-based pay or other incentives. Earn anywhere from $14-$16 an hour or more! 
 As a self-employed 1099 Independent Contractor providing work-from-home customer support services, you are responsible for your own tax obligations. Actual earnings may vary depending on campaign, call type, call volume, and other factors. Independent Contractors are responsible for expenses and control their own income. 
 I work here now 🙂 Depending on project..my training was unpaid, but have successfully made it through and earning income now. 
 ModSquad:  Tickets Only Customer Support - Global Book Seller 
 Love to browse through bookshops? Look at this quick start project! 
 As more and more people buy their books online, this client provides an easy, convenient way for readers to get their books and support bookstores at the same time. 
 This is a Tier 2 ticket-only CS project. No phone calls or live chats. This is a short-term temporary project over the holiday season, expected to last 6 weeks. 
Required Skills and Experience: 
Loves shopping for new books 
Excellent and accurate English language writing skills 
Ability to communicate empathy in writing 
Experience assisting customers with order, billing, shipping and delivery issues 
Has at least 20 hours of availability each week. More hours available 
English and Language Majors are a plus! 
To Apply: Click the "Apply For This Job" link on this page. 
 Jack Henry & Associates:  is seeking Customer Support Representatives to join our team remotely. The iPay Solutions Contact Center is responsible for providing unparalleled customer service with inbound phone and chat support to bill pay website/mobile application subscribers for all of our financial institutions. 
 The Customer Support Representative supports bill pay subscribers with customer education, site navigation, problem resolution, basic technical support, and ticketing requests. The calls or chats will primarily be from individual subscribers but could also be from financial institution representatives as well. This is a first call/chat resolution position that requires an individual to define the subscriber’s issue while using available resources to efficiently troubleshoot and resolve. The Customer Support Representative must multi-task to identify priority issues and escalate when necessary. 
 Start Date for this position will be Monday February 8, 2021. 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
 Minimum 1 year of customer service (customer facing OR phone customer support) experience. 
Must be able to work a M-F training schedule for first 6 weeks from 8:30 am – 5 pm EST. 
Must be able to work an assigned shift. The specific shift will be confirmed if a job offer is extended. Please note there is no flexibility or changes to this shift after it is accepted. Available shifts are in-between the hours of 9:30am – 11:30pm EST M-F. 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
 Call Center experience. 
Ability to be calm, courteous and communicate clearly when assisting customers. 
Bilingual abilities are a plus. 
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS 
 Televista:  Customer Care Representative $13.50 
 Call Center agents are responsible for screening calls from Veterans who have applied for VA benefits. The Veterans Administration has contracted with our client to contact these Veterans and schedule their compensation and pension medical exams and assist them thru the process. It is important that agents be courteous, detail oriented and well versed in the process, enabling them to provide information to both Veterans and providers alike. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities Includes the following other duties: 
 Properly authenticate each caller before verifying or releasing any information; 
Place outgoing and receive incoming calls to and from Veterans regarding compensation and pension exams; 
Verify and modify personal information; 
Obtain scheduling availability and traveling availability of Veterans; 
Confirm or reschedule appointments; 
Forward calls to staff members in other departments; 
Notify providers of cancellations for appointments scheduled within 72 hours from time of call; 
Submit templates and other requests to various individuals and departments within the Agency; 
Explain policies and procedures to the Veterans who are unfamiliar with VA; 
Explain the purpose of attending required exams, explain approximate time frames for returning reports/documents to the VA, and explain the process for travel reimbursement. 
Additional Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Aerotek:  Customer Service Representative $18.00 an hour 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. 
Maintain 80% availability to answer inbound ACD (automatic call distributor) telephone calls daily 
75+ inbound calls minimum taken each day (could go up to 100 calls per day) 
Answer complex customer inquiries concerning all aspects of loan servicing 
Task each department with the appropriate research requests or inquiries that cannot be handled by telephone 
Present a positive and professional demeanor at all times 
Serve in a public relations capacity when dealing with both internal and external customers 
Communicate and support total quality initiatives throughout the organization 
Maintain knowledge base of current practices, procedures, and policies for each department within loan servicing 
Maintain knowledge base of current practices, procedures, and policies for each Private Label client 
 Categories  workathomepower  Post navigation 
 Newest Job Leads 10/28/2020 
 Join The 52 Week Savings Challenge for 2021 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Daily Job Leads 1/17/2021 
 Order Your Color Street Valentine Nail Sets Today! 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 
 (C) 2021 Work At Home Power • Built with  GeneratePress 
