
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 We know what you're wondering…is this one of those job posts where Snap Inc. is looking for a Creative, Design in their Los Angeles, CA, USA office where everyone is smart and creative and some of them are the nicest people you'll ever meet ? Yes, yes it is. 
 About 
 The Marketing team at Snap articulates and brings to life who we are as a brand, why we exist, who we serve, and what value we have to offer. They are on a mission to build a best-in-class international marketing organization. With functions spanning global business and consumer marketing, consumer insights, creative, brand marketing, and marketing operations, the team enables and activates marketing initiatives across the entire Snap Inc. ecosystem. 
 We’re looking for a Creative Designer to join Snap Inc! As a member of the Marketing Creative team, you’ll partner with strategists, writers, and producers, working hand in hand with creatives all in view of crafting world-class creative work for Snap Inc. 
 What you’ll do: 
From product launches to branding systems or 360 platforms, you’ll help connect the dots and elevate Snapchat’s ecosystem through your curiosity and creative resourcefulness 
The ideal candidate has had experience working across two or three creative contexts — from agencies, internal teams, design studios, freelancing and any other professional backdrop 
In addition to being a phenomenal designer, you must possess excellent creative, presentation and problem-solving skills, as well as have an eye for details and a passion for big ideas 
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 
Highly curious with a strong desire to learn 
Passion for technology and critical points of view on its impact on people’s lives 
Ability to empathize 
Experience crafting simple and compelling presentations, compositions and design systems 
Understanding of creative, design and marketing processes 
Experience working with cross functional stakeholders across verticals and disciplines 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Bachelor’s degree in graphic design or equivalent experience 
 5+ years of work experience in design (in-house, brand, or agency experience a plus) 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Adobe Creative Cloud, Figma and Sketch, Google Docs knowledge a plus 
 Motion graphics experience a plus 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7599-snap-inc-creative-design  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe InDesign, Figma, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 October 27, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Jasmine Harris 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 No assholes 
 Relocation assistance 
 
 Fine Print 
 At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com. 
 Our Benefits: Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success! 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
