Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) 
 Plan A Health Care Staffing Solutions 
 __Orillia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who and What is Plan A? 
 Are you looking for a forward thinking, fast growing company who is dedicated to supporting our seniors and healthcare professionals? Apply to Plan A today! 
 Plan A is a long-term care (LTC) staffing solution that provides a local solution for LTC homes experiencing staffing shortages across Ontario. Plan A is currently looking for Personal Support Workers (PSWs) to join our qualified, dedicated, and compassionate team of support staff. 
 Qualifications and Skills 
 
 Completion of a recognized PSW program or completion of a first-year nursing program (Required) 
 Live within 100km of the hiring location* 
 Excellent attendance and punctuality 
 Hardworking, compassionate, positive, solution-oriented, professional, and flexible 
 LTC experience considered an asset 
 
 *Plan A offers supplemental employment with no guarantee of hours, because of this, we are not a reason to relocate to the area. 
 Job Summary 
 A casual/supplemental position with Plan A is a great addition to any part-time or full-time schedule! The specific responsibilities and duties vary slightly from home to home, as well as from shift to shift. These expectations will be communicated during the site-specific orientation to each home. PSWs are expected to provide personal care to residents, safely assist with Activities of Daily Living (ADLs) including toileting, transferring, bathing and feeding. As a PSW with Plan A, you would be responsible for attending the LTC homes on a shift by shift basis as needed. Plan A offers industry-leading wages with the opportunity to travel to different LTC facilities. With incentives, accommodations, and mileage coverage it's a great way to experience new towns and cities! 
 Job Benefits 
 
 Flexible work hours to accommodate your busy schedule (part-time or full-time hours available, minimum of only 3 shifts per month) 
 Competitive pay 
 Self-scheduling (easily through the StaffStat app) 
 Orientation provided to all of our homes 
 Access to Plan A on-call personnel at all times, should the need arise 
 
 Hourly wage is $22/hour with an additional hourly incentive for shifts posted with less than 12-24 hours notice. 
 We cannot wait to meet you! 
 Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities are available on request. 
 Plan A Management Team 
 Job Types: Temporary, Contract, Casual 
 Experience: 
 
 LTC: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Orillia, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 PSW Certification or nursing student completed first year (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
