[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 Kid Consolation When Parents Lose Their Jobs 
 Posted on  October 31, 2020  by  akin Adeleye   One comment 
 Click to read:     Kid Consolation When Parents Lose Their Jobs - When Parents Lose Their Jobs, Their Children Also Suffer. But Sometimes There's A Consolation 
 Source:   New York Times 
 Snippet:  In six months without steady work, Gregory Pike, a single father in Las Vegas, has fallen behind on his rent and utilities. He borrowed money he cannot repay. Turned to food stamps and charity, and fretted that his setbacks may cloud his daughter’s future. 
 
 " We have benefited having more time together but not having money is not good. I’m being evicted.” 
 Michigan  single mother 
 
 But despite the problems he has experienced since March, when the coronavirus eliminated his job, Mr. Pike has found an unexpected source of comfort, his kid consolation. That is time with his 6-year-old daughter, Makayla, whom he has raised alone for three years. 
 You may like this; 
 
 Working Moms And Dads Pick Your Slack 
 Worklife Balance or Integration – What's the difference? 
 
 Is There Any Consolation In Being Temporarily Unemployed? 
 “You know, I’ve gotten to know my kids a lot more,” said Aileen Kelly, a single mother of five who lost her job as a casino housekeeper at the pandemic’s start. “When you’re working, you don’t get the real feeling of raising your kids. You’re providing for them but you’re not teaching them.” But such rewards do not reduce the risks that unemployment brings. 
 “No one’s saying that families would choose to be unemployed. But I think we forget how short of time, low-income families have. They are short of time, short of money and often short of sleep,” said Jane Waldfogel, a professor at the Columbia School of Social Work. “If people are telling us they don’t have enough time with their children, that’s worth listening to. It’s an odd silver lining, but it’s there.” 
 Welcome to Worklife Feed   articles and site-files indexing and adaptation series. 
 
 Advertisements 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  CARES Act ,  Life ,  parenthood ,  Purpose ,  unpaid work ,  work-life ,  work-life balance ,  work-life daily ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  work-life integration ,  working from home ,  working mum 
 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Worklife Daily 
 
 One comment 
 
 Pingback:  Working Moms And Dads Pick Your Slack - Work-Life Feed 
 
 Thank you for visiting, leave a comment, start a conversation.  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Productivity Is About Your Systems, Not Your People 
 
 January 7, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced - Work-Life Feed  on  Hello Worklife Harmony; Bye Work-Life Balance 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (5) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (247) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (252) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (24) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
