
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 160over90 is looking for a Designer in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. 
 About 
 160 over 90 is an elevated blood pressure. As our name suggests, we aim to make things that elicit an elevated emotional response. It’s all about elevation here. Elevating each other, the work, our clients, and the industry. To do that, we have priorities we live by: 
 IDEAS over EXECUTIONS 
 PARTNERSHIP over OWNERSHIP 
 COURAGE over COMFORT 
 CULTURE over EVERYTHING 
 If you join us, all we ask is that you live by these priorities. And while you’re at it, come up with big platform ideas that work across all mediums, write effective and impactful copy that makes our clients and our agency famous, and help out whenever and wherever needed. 
 You have: 
 
 Proficiency in both print and digital mediums with a portfolio to back it up 
 Keen sense of typographic style and color theory/balance 
 Clear understanding and ability to learn Adobe Creative Cloud design programs, XD, & Sketch 
 Adept pre-production and file management skills 
 Ability to retouch, resize, and clean up files in collaboration with our production department 
 Understanding and ability to create cohesive brand systems 
 Ability to balance and prioritize multiple projects at once 
 Ability to adapt to multiple styles 
 Work with a wide range of materials beyond the digital design space 
 
 You will: 
 
 Challenge the agency and the industries we work for through the design practice 
 Positively collaborate with peers and share fresh ideas and references 
 Constantly hone my craft and seek references that will inform my work 
 Work closely with leads to execute your shared vision for the work 
 Have a point of view, but welcome others 
 Have fun. Experiment. Push yourself and everyone else around you. 
 Create work you want to interact with, that you want to share, that you feel proud of 
 Acknowledge the grid before you break it 
 Love type! Love illustration & photography. Love every detail 
 Work toward the simplest solution. 
 Ensure every element has a purpose 
 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://beta.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7677-160over90-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe XD, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 10, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Christina Nguyen 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 
 Fine Print 
 160/90 is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
