
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  /  New Zealand Jobs  / New Zealand Outdoor, Hospitality and Tourism Jobs 
 New Zealand Outdoor, Hospitality and Tourism Jobs 
 Where  Working Abroad Magazine  left off on our last blog, we trailed Frodo Baggins and co. over the postcard scenery of  New Zealand  and how to search for general employment and office work in the cities. Let's continue our adventure on how to find work in a more open environment…. 
 HARVESTING 
 If your vision of working abroad is to get away from being glued to the computer all day; seasonal fruit picking, pruning and harvesting is prime work for visitors. Exports are important to the economy in NZ, and employers are always in demand of willing overseas workers for the harvest trail. 
 Picking season is from summer to early autumn (December to May), as 30,000 hectares of apples, kiwi fruit and other fruit and veg call on fit workers to collect the year's crops. Previous workers tell us there are pros and cons to working the harvest trail - pros are that you are out in the open, make some great friends, and most of all you get to enjoy the splendor of NZ's scenic environments and outdoor activities in some truly stunning rural surroundings. The negatives are that rates of pay are modest. Prepare to be motivated as you are usually paid by how much you pick (i.e. per bin, per bucket or kilogram). You are normally paid at around NZ$12 to NZ$15+ an hour, yet in the busy periods money almost does grow on trees, as companies pay wages as 'piece rates', i.e. the more you pick, the more you earn. 
 It's also physical work, with plenty of early starts and heavy lifting, so a good level of stamina is required. On-the-job training is given, so most of the time no previous experience is necessary. Food and accommodation is generally provided free-of-charge or at a subsidized rate - which is offers a great opportunity to save your salary in the piggy bank. 
 There are a number of farm organizations which link prospective employers with overseas workers. If you fancy picking apples for example, why not go to the core and work for Mr. Apple, based in n Hawkes Bay on the North Island, it is NZ's largest grower, packer and exporter of apples. During the harvest season Mr. Apple's work force rises to over 1,500. Mr. Apple says that the average worker can expect to earn about NZ$100 per day - NZ$120 per day (before tax), although their best-experienced pickers can earn up to NZ$180 per day. PickNZ ( www.picknz.co.nz/ ) is another excellent resource for up-to-date work throughout the year across all of NZ's fruit, vegetable and vineyard growing regions. 
 Finally, it's worth mentioning the hugely popular WWOOFing scene in NZ (Willing Workers On Organic Farms). WWOOF NZ ( www.wwoof.co.nz ) is part of a worldwide network of volunteers who work on organic farms in return for lodging, training and food, as well as a unique insight into daily lives of NZ's people. Due to the heavy reliance on the agricultural industry, WWOOF NZ includes some locations that also pay salaries to their workers. WWOOFers rave about their opportunity to live with Kiwi families and learn more about NZ's cultures. You also get hands-on experience with a range of new tasks, including organic farming, building, cooking, crafts, dealing with animals and wine, cheese and bread making, Membership is just NZ$45 for a book with details of 1000+ hosts around the country. 
 OUTDOOR, HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM JOBS 
 From craggy coastlines and gushing rivers, to hissing volcanoes and icy glaciers, NZ's rich diversity in geography serves up a list of roles for those with sturdy walking boots and an interest in the hospitality and tourism industry. Ian Stewart, Managing Director of  www.seasonalwork.co.nz  tells us that the South Island hospitality Industry has a year round requirement for the tourist trade as there is a continuing demand for workers to fill vacancies ranging from Chefs to Bar Staff, Reception and Cleaners, as well as tour guides/reps and sports instructors with the relevant qualifications/experience. In this instance, it's best to approach resorts and tour companies directly in tourist hotspots, such as Christchurch, Dunedin, Nelson, Lake Taupo, Rotorua, and the Bay of Islands. For bar, hotel and restaurant jobs, it's always best to take the initiative and walk through the doors to land a ready-made CV into the right hands. 
 
 Since two-thirds of the country is mountainous, the winter season from June to September brings plentiful work opportunities with its snow. The usual hospitality and ski jobs are on offer in places like Queenstown and Mt. Cook in the South Island, and Mt. Ruapehu and Whakapapa in the North. The best bet is to use a job search site online beforehand, contact the resorts, and arrive with a crisp CV with an enthusiastic personality. Grab your snow boots and check out our  ski resort jobs  article for more information on the opportunities. 
 For relevant job vacancies for all seasonal work, click on  www.workingin-newzealand.com  and  www.buzzrecruitment.co.nz 
 The climate is pleasant, the landscape breathtaking, and the lifestyle healthy and laid back. NZ is a beautiful country fusing with Maoris, Kiwis, seasonal workers, ex-pats, migrants…and even hobbits. Follow in the Fellowship's footsteps and head straight to the other country 'Down Under'. 
 Filed Under:  New Zealand Jobs  Tagged With:  harvesting jobs ,  hospitality jobs ,  new zealand travel ,  work abroad ,  work abroad new zealand 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
