
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Y Combinator 
 Not your average fixed point combinator. 
 Product Engineer, Work at a Startup 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Y Combinator 
 Y Combinator has a small ~6 person team that makes the software that runs YC. Hardly any investors write software, but YC was started by programmers so it's natural for us to solve our problems that way. We believe our software is a key competitive advantage and we are investing aggressively in new software products. 
 YC has  ambitious plans  to create more innovation in the world, and the only way to reach that level of impact is to scale through software. What we’ve built so far is probably only 10% of what we will eventually need. 
 For an example of something we’ve worked on, check out Work at a Startup or this  technical blog post  You can read about the daily life at YC, the people on our team, and how we work together on our  Key Values page . 
 As a member of the software team, you'll get full access to the YC program, just like founders do. You'll learn the ins and outs of how YC works, and you'll get to follow and learn from hundreds of companies. You'll meet some of the most successful people in the startup world and get exposed to the best startup ideas. And of course, if you ever want to start your own company, you’ll learn a lot about that from working at YC. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  JavaScript, React, SCSS, TypeScript, Ruby on Rails, SQL, Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 About the role 
 Y Combinator runs workatastartup.com, a free-to-use hiring platform for YC founders to meet and hire great early employees. What started as a lean MVP two years ago has matured into a suite of sourcing and networking tools that founders and job seekers absolutely love. We’ve helped land key hires across hundreds of YC startups -- from founding engineers to VPs of product and operations -- and we’re now looking to bring on a Product Engineer to help us scale our impact even more. 
 You’ll be working directly with two former YC founders/engineers (from Box, Twitter & Lyft), and a small software team full of kind people who are eager to help you get up-to-speed. You’ll be relied upon not only to help us tackle our hefty roadmap, but to also explore how YC can leverage its unique structural advantages to help our founders hire great people even faster. 
 In this role, you will: 
 
 Design and build out new features in entirety, across both the full candidate experience (signup to start date) as well as founder-facing tools for recruiting, messaging, event management and much more 
 Scope and prioritize items on the Work at a Startup roadmap alongside YC partners and others on the YC software team 
 Analyze usage and engagement from both founders & job seekers to understand what’s working/not working, and make things continuously better 
 
 What are we looking for 
 YC was started by hackers, so we recognize good hackers when we see them. Much like when we read applications for startups, we're looking to work with people who generally impress us. If you've written some impressive software before, whether for yourself or a company, that's the best qualifier we have. 
 This is a good job for someone who is excited about startups and interested in learning more about them. You’ve likely worked at or started a startup, or want to do so in the future. 
 The software team has a lot of individual responsibility and access to sensitive information, so we need to hire people we can trust. Your ability to make good trade-offs and exercise good judgement is particularly important to us. 
 Location & benefits 
 YC is headquartered in downtown SF. We’re currently working remotely with an eye to return back to the office (in some form or another) end of 2021. When the time comes, we can help you move here, but we’re not currently looking for people who are remote-only. 
 We’re proud to offer a set of benefits that few companies of our size can. In addition to top quality healthcare benefits, offerings include: 401k matching, generous parental leave, commuter benefits, catered lunch, and a flexible vacation policy. We also offer highly competitive compensation, including equity in YC. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Y Combinator. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Technology 
 The YC internal software is mostly written in Ruby on Rails and React. It runs on AWS and PostgreSQL. Previous experience developing web apps will be helpful, but we don't care if you've used React or Rails specifically. 
 Note:  Hacker News  is written in Lisp, but Hacker News is run by a  separate team . 
 Other jobs at Y Combinator 
 Product Engineer, Work at a Startup 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Recruiting Analyst/Researcher (Contractor), Work at a Startup 
 contract 
 San Francisco, CA 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
