PhD Power 
 Search for:  My Tweets 
 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Take part 
 
 Mapping out your road 
 
 Programme 
 Registration form 
 Facilitators 
 
 About Ralph 
 About Chiat 
 
 
 Terms and conditions 
 Funding your participation 
 
 
 Past events 
 
 Workshop In Charge! 
 
 Trainers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Individual career support 
 
 In practice 
 
 
 Further reading 
 Book me 
 About me 
 Contact 
 
 Individual career support 
 Do you ever feel that… 
 
 your research work is so demanding that it leaves is no time for career development? 
 you would like to strengthen your profile but do not know what to do? 
 your profile does not fit any of the job advertisements? 
 having a PhD adds little to your value as a professional outside academia? 
 you are stuck in your career? 
 
 These are issues many PhD students and postdocs are dealing with, especially towards the end of the contract/PhD. Certainly those who are not sure about continuation in academia, often struggle in this transition phase. 
 Do you want to make progression instead of running in circles? 
 You are certainly not alone in this. But the good thing is: there is a way to prepare yourself! A PhD is valuable within and outside academia, but if you spent your professional life thus far within academia, it can be difficult to see opportunities that suit your PhD profile. If most people in your network are researchers, they are probably not able to help you with your career orientation outside academia. 
 
 I used to work in a laboratory where many researchers complained about the lack of future perspectives, about the impossible demands of non-academic jobs, about the killing competition within the science system. 
 Meanwhile these unhappy researchers never spent time on courses, career orientation or development, because they were  too busy working . And the complaining continued… When they reached the end of their contract, they indeed seemed to have a lack of perspectives. I guess you don't want to be like them. 
 
 Let your next career step be a conscious choice. Be aware of your value and what you like before you take a decision. Do not let limitations lead your career. Focus on your possibilities and identify the jobs that suit you and prepare evidence to propel you to a job where you can flourish. 
 Individual career support 
 Be proactive in career orientation and career development. It is certainly possible to figure it all out by yourself. But many a researcher finds it difficult to dedicate time to do this and often it is unclear where to start. In these situations, it could be useful to find career support. Not only it will allow you to tackle career development in a timely and targeted manner, it will allow you to see options that you would not have taken into consideration. 
 What can you expect? 
 
 You will be provided structure in the process of career orientation and development 
 You will be given tools to gather relevant information to take career decisions 
 You will define your professional profile and learn how to express this to employers 
 Your views on your professional value and jobs will be challenged, which will allow you to discover new options 
 I may even connect you to a PhD who already made the transition successfully, so that you can learn from first hand what a certain type of job involves. 
 
 How does it work?  Read here… 
 
 Thank you for all your help and support. It was very usefully spent time. It helped a lot to realize and learn the options and focus better in my job search, especially making transition from bench work. In addition, you encouraged me and put me in touch with people who also gave important feedback. I had chance to learn a lot over last few months. 
 -B.S., PhD 
 transitioned from postdoc to research coordinator 
 
 
 
 I had a pleasant and helpful conversation with Chiat. She has experienced research first-hand and this is crucial when it comes to coaching PhD candidates. Her understanding of the academic mentality leads her straight to the core issues, while her sensibility helps the interlocutor find his/her own answers. 
 -Giovanni Cinà, PhD 
 transitioned into data science 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
