Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Landscape Service Worker I 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - S103943259 
Posting Date - Nov 24, 2020 
Closing Date - Dec 01, 2020 
 Position Type - Full Time - Operating Funded 
Salary Range - $40,952 to $54,060 (pro-rated) per year 
Grade - 04 
Hours - 40.00 
 This competition is restricted to internal candidates or applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months. Internal applicants will be applying. 
 This position has a term of one year from the date of hire with the possibility of extension based on operational requirements. The position offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at: Faculty & Staff Benefits. 
 Please note, hours of work are 6:00 am to 2:30 pm, Monday to Friday. 
 Reporting to the Supervisor, Facility Services, the Landscape Services Worker I is responsible for a number of general maintenance tasks for the University of Alberta. 
 Duties 
 Performs a variety of services to provide a safe, visually pleasing landscaped environment for the university community 
Maintains, and is responsible for, the general upkeep of hard and soft landscaped areas 
Uses a variety of industry standard hand tools and motorized equipment 
Maintains building entrances, landings, stairs and ramps; reports unsafe conditions, damages, hazards, vandalism, etc. 
Investigates and provides solutions for maintenance concerns 
Maintains inventory and requests materials and supplies 
Acts as a contact for students, staff and visitors 
May act as a technical resource for their immediate supervisor 
Performs indoor maintenance (changing lamps, checking machine rooms, waste removal, moving furniture, etc.) as required 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum High School Diploma; Horticulture Diploma or Journeyman Landscape Gardener License are assets 
Minimum 1 year of related experience 
Knowledge of horticulture, irrigation, first aid, pruning, WHMIS and safety procedures 
Valid Class 5 Driver's License (non-GDL); the successful candidate will be required to provide a drivers abstract and have completed a Defensive Driving Course in the previous two years 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
