Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manufacturing Supervisor 
 Tilray 
 __Petrolia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Manufacturing Supervisor - Petrolia, Ontario 
 High Park Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Manufacturing Manager, the Manufacturing Supervisor (Manufacturing) is responsible for supervising the Manufacturing Leads and Technicians through the safe and effective execution of all Manufacturing 
duties. The current opening is for a day shift role that works a continental day shift (Sunday, Monday & Tuesday weekly + every other Wednesday from 7:00 am – 7:30 pm). 
 Role and Responsibilities 
Lead a high performing, safe, adaptable, collaborative team of manufacturing technicians and leads 
Ensure the safe and effective execution of all duties in accordance with established company policy, procedure and additional requirements (Safety, Quality, Compliance & KPl's) 
Oversee labour tracking with xscan/ acumatica 
Ensure product quality and proper execution of all Manufacturing Batch Record’s 
Supervision and organization of multiple manufacturing processes including but not limited to bucking, dry room loading and take down, milling/blending, trimming, packaging & pre-rolls. 
Assist in the development and revision of departmental SOP's 
Effectively schedule all assigned personnel including vacation approval 
Ensure worker training and crew talks are scheduled, conducted and effectively documented 
Communicate, to the Manager, work status and subsequent deviation within established timelines 
Conduct inventory, inspect rooms and equipment regularly; reporting any/all deviations and/or requests 
Consistently evaluate worker safety, product quality, SOP compliance and schedule status 
Conduct employee reviews and recommend/participate in performance improvement 
Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Must have High School Diploma or equivalent. 
Prior experience in a supervisory or management role required 
Strong computer skills in a Windows environment 
Working experience in the Manufacturing industry preferred 
A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and people management skills 
Able to work efficiently as a part of a team as well as independently 
Excellent time and project management skills 
Strong work ethic and positive team attitude 
Must have the ability to obtain A/RPIC status as per Health Canada Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations 
High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
