Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-Time Overnight Position (with premium) 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Cambridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 Looking for someone with service experience to work 7p-3a Sunday to Thursday as well as someone to work part-time 7p-3am every fri and Sat night. 
Also searching for someone to unload our delivery truck on Sunday and Thursday nights from 11p-7am 
Unloading and Receiving shipments twice a week 
 Making people’s day on all fronts:  Greeting people, taking orders and satisfying McCravings. 
Preparing food and keeping our world famous burgers and fries, world famous. 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile. 
Package take-out food. 
Fridge stocking and management. 
Various cleaning tasks. 
 Qualifications 
 Is this YOU? 
 Leads by Example :  You consistently maintain and demonstrate a positive, professional image of McDonald’s. 
 Enthusiastic, with a great presence :  You are engaging with an extroverted personality, and are dedicated to increasing the guest experience by being proactive in helping guests 
 Courteous & Friendly :  You demonstrate comfort in connecting with people in a friendly and courteous manner in dining area 
 Self-Confident :  You are confident and poised and never hesitate to take the initiative to step in to recover a guest. 
 Knowledgeable :  You keep current on restaurant promotions and can confidently answer guest questions about our food. 
 Strong Communicator :  You display strong communication skills, and really take the time to listen to guest concerns 
Genuine concern for guests at all times 
Act with initiative 
 Additional Information 
 Overnight Crew Members receive paid breaks. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
