Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Outside Sales Representative 
 NAPA Auto Parts 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 NAPA Auto Parts  is seeking a  Full-Time Account Development Specialist (Outside Sales)  for the  NAPA Saskatoon, SK  market. 
 The successful candidate will work towards increasing sales and market share by promoting our entire line of automotive parts and related products & programs. 
 You are the image, face and voice of NAPA for our external clients. As such, you will be accountable for building and maintaining quality business relationships with our existing and new customers by implementing national and regional level sales development initiatives and promoting NAPA products and programs. You will contribute in keeping us abreast of customer behavior, competitive threats and market trends. You will actively participate in the development and refinement of sales development initiatives at the regional level. Calling on installers and shops, you will implement sales development plans, support regional strategies, objectives, and deployment of marketing programs and promotions. You will work with regional Management and the Store Manager to develop sales plans for growing business with existing and new customers in your assigned territory. You will assist our wholesale customers leverage our first class programs to help them be more successful. 
 Qualifications: 
 
 College degree, with a major in Business Administration or equivalent experience 
 Experience in the replacement auto parts industry and at least 2 years of sales experience 
 Strong computer skills 
 Exceptional communication, interpersonal and planning skills 
 
 Why work with us? 
 
 This position requires someone who can work flexible hours. 
 “The Perks” including employee pricing on automobile parts/products and other corporate discount programs 
 Flexible benefits program including health, medical, dental and life 
 Pension plan 
 Access to personal development and technical training programs 
 Learn and collaborate with the best in the industry 
 
 #UAPcentral 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Under the exceptional circumstances in which we are currently living, we have put in place stringent safety measures in all of our business units, in order to limit the risks associated with Covid-19. More information will be provided upon request. 
 Experience: 
 
 Automotive Parts: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Sale: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
