Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Corporate Performance (Temporary, up to 18 months) 
 Federated Co-operatives Limited 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 During these challenging times, Federated Co-operatives Limited is working to serve our local co-ops, customers, and communities. We are committed to supporting our local co-ops and the communities they serve. Working together to provide essential services to communities across Western Canada, we are hiring a Senior Manager, Corporate Performance (Temporary, up to 18 months) on a temporary at our office in Saskatoon, SK or Regina, SK. 
 Who we are: 
As a co-operative, we do business differently. We believe in working together to serve Western Canadians, delivering profits back to our communities and investing in sustainable growth. Our work is guided by our values of integrity, excellence and responsibility and driven by our vision of building sustainable communities together. To learn more about who we are, visit www.fcl.crs. 
 What you’ll do: 
Responsible for the high-level leadership of the Corporate Performance Management (CPM) function across Federated Co-operatives Limited (FCL), as well as the CPM programs and support available to local Co-ops across Western Canada. This includes guiding and directing the design and execution of a comprehensive system of integrated strategic and business level planning processes and their related reporting and monitoring processes. 
 CPM functional governance and planning:  Oversees the ongoing development of FCL CPM and Retail CPM functions, best practices, processes and stakeholder training, to enable effective strategy creation, execution, monitoring and reporting. 
 CPM execution quality assurance:  Supervision and coaching of two Corporate Performance Managers and guiding their ongoing performance and development. Ensures CPM functions are planned and executed with strong project and change management discipline to ensure desired deliverables and outcomes are met. With respect to Retail CPM, ensures ongoing collaboration and partnership with zone AVPs and Business Relations Advisors to help drive their effective delivery of CPM support to local Co-ops. 
 Direct delivery of senior level CPM design and facilitation:  Provides hands-on senior level consulting/support in the design and development of processes/material, and/or facilitation of strategic planning sessions within FCL, the Co-operative Refinery Complex, and large local Co-ops where necessary. 
 Why it matters: 
We help leaders, and their teams, across the CRS improve performance outcomes and success by supporting them with robust planning processes and facilitation to think strategically, to set clear direction and priorities, and to support decision-making. 
 Who you are: 
 You are looking for a career in Strategy & Communications and: 
 You have a Bachelor’s Degree – Commerce/Business preferred. 
You have a minimum of 8+ years of relevant, progressively responsible experience in a complex business environment, of which 5+ years includes direct experience in strategic/business planning or corporate performance management (a combination of relevant education and experience may be considered). 
You’re familiar with strategic/business planning or corporate performance management and facilitation. Must have strong interpersonal and facilitation skills and an ability to establish and maintain credibility with audiences at all levels. Strong business acumen is essential. Demonstrated ability to lead a team, as well as to influence peers and senior leadership through collaborative approaches is a must. 
You’re honest and trustworthy, are results oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. 
You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others. 
 Our Team Members receive competitive salaries, short-term incentives, a comprehensive benefits package and an employer-contributed pension plan. We encourage our Team Members to take advantage of learning opportunities, to grow and develop, and to foster a culture of teamwork and innovation. 
 FCL embraces diversity and inclusion and we’re working to create a workplace that is as diverse as the communities we serve. We support and provide an environment that allows every person to bring their whole self to work. 
 We take the health and well-being of our team members and customers very seriously. We continue to take steps across all areas of our business and locations to keep our team members and customers safe and healthy. 
 If this opportunity speaks to you, we invite you to apply by December 1, 2020. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected to continue in the recruitment process will be contacted. If you require support to apply for this opportunity please contact us at fclhr@fcl.crs. 
 Please note you may be required to undergo a background and substance test in accordance with FCL policies. FCLHP 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
