  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  St. Helens, England 
 Rate:  £20 - £22 per hour + dependent on experience 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Service Care Solutions are currently recruiting for an experienced Adult Social Worker to work on behalf of St Helens Council to work in a busy later life service working with individuals aged 67+ with age related frailty and some mental health issues (e.g dementia). 
 This is a full time role (37 hours) working in a large but supportive team consisting of 15 Social Workers and 15 Assessment and Review workers. 
 This is a contract role and is based on a 3 month contract with the possibility of extension. 
 Key features 
, The suitable candidate will have considerable experience in the field. 
, Must be competent in managing a complex caseload. 
, Candidates must be able to go into the role and 'hit the ground running'. 
 Essential Criteria 
, Enhanced DBS 
, HCPC Registration 
, Social Work Degree 
 If you are interested in this role or any other Social Work roles or know anyone who may be please contact Natasha Ward on 01772 208964 or natasha.ward@servicecare.org.uk. 
 Working with Service Care Solutions comes with many benefits, including: 
 
 
 A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
 
 
 Exceptional referral bonuses 
 
 
 Extensive & exclusive range of vacancies across the UK 
 
 
 Nationwide provider to over 200 local authorities. 
 
 
 Payroll service twice a week 
 
 
 Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
 
 
 Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 
 
 DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 *Service Care Solutions also offer a referral fee of £250 for anyone you may know. 
 Once they are placed and complete their probationary period you receive a £250 bonus! 
 
 
 Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our clients' requirements. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months+ 
 
 
 Rate:  £20 - £22 per hour + dependent on experience 
 
 
 Location:  St. Helens, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-22 16:11:24 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
