Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Soulfully True 
 True words, true life, true thoughts, & true feelings. All me!!! 
   
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Poetry 
 
 Reap What You Sow 
 Let it Go 
 The Past 
 A Masterpiece 
 
 
 Soulfully True Quotes 
 
 A Helluva Woman 
 
 
 About 
 Adventures 
 
 Janet Jackson Concert Rocked 
 Seeing Jazmine Sullivan in Concert 
 Summer Fun 
 Fun Day at the new Bass Pro Shop in Memphis, TN 
 Another Awesome Birthday!! 
 Girls Trip in New Orleans 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 The Master-Plan is not always Master 
 Posted on  July 27, 2016  by   Soulfully True 
 5 
 
 In life we all make plans. These big, grand plans of the way we want things to go in our life. It's pretty ironic that nothing ever goes as planned. 
 
 I've been on my current job for 7 years in a position that although I am blessed to have doesn't make me feel very great. But I had a plan. My plan was to continue working my mediocre job and finish my education since my company pays for it 100%. No matter how unhappy I was with with my job I was going to stick to my plan. Guess what I almost made it until an unexpected loop got thrown into my "grand plan". Last Thursday I was called into an impromptu meeting that I did not see coming at all. This meeting included my immediate supervisor, the head of the department, another staff member and a man in a suit that I was soon to learn was a HR personnel. I was all smiles as usual thinking this was a usual workday meeting. To my surprise the other staff member and myself were handed a 90 day notice of our job ending. Not in a million years did I expect this to happen. After all I had "planned" to graduate college on my job's dime and gladly hand them my 2 weeks's notice and go find this wonderful job in my desired field. Boy did they bring me back to earth. It took all I had to hold my tears in and not cry in front of the people who are putting a stunt in my livelihood. 
 My initial thoughts were OMG what am I going to do? My second thoughts were well hey maybe this is meant. I have 90 days to figure out a plan. There I go with this "plan" mess lol. I was giving the permission to go home early and come to terms with things. I was in shock and disbelief but aside from that I saw a gleam of sunshine. I have been struggling taking care of a family, working a full time job, and juggling classes. The latter of course had my least focus. I've been in school the last so many years but it has kind of taken the backseat of everything else. Especially work. It got hard. My grades were starting to slip. I stressed trying to figure out how I could do an internship in my field to kind of get a feel of things. Once I got home from work, cleaned, and fed my family. I was often too tired to pick up a school book. I never felt I had time to focus and give 100% on the thing that was most important to me. Could this curve ball layoff that wasn't a part of my "plan" be exactly what I needed? Is this my opportunity to combine my savings, the severance pay they will give me, and use my unemployment benefits to focus on my last year of school? In addition to the cash amount of my severance package, the company is also willing to pay for 2 more years of school. Wow I'm winning right?! 
 I haven't shared my news with many but the one's I have are so supportive. I was actually expecting a lot of negative feedback but the one's closest to me never lost sight of my potential. They believe in me and know I will be A ok whatever direction I decide to take. For that I am so grateful. My significant other seems worried although he won't admit but I assured him everything will be A ok. Everything happens for a reason. Although what lies ahead of me is very scary since I don't have any solid "plans" I am very optimistic. Plans are meant to change so why not just have an idea of things and just go with the flow. I have a pilot that is in charge of the journey of my life. He just had to remind me. God is great! I can't say everything will be perfect and peachy. I can't say I won't get sad and cry sometimes. I can't say I have it all figured it out. What I can say is everything will be ok. I really believe that! 
 Posted in  Life ,  Plans ,  Starting over ,  Thoughts ,  Uncategorized ,  Work  |  Tagged  career ,  fired ,  growth ,  jobs ,  layoffs ,  life ,  positive thoughts ,  rif ,  Starting over  |   5  Replies 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Be Well 
 Girls Trip in New Orleans 
 Lets Catch Up 
 Finding Balance 
 Happy 2018 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Andrea Jones  on  Class is Back in Session 
 
 
 
 
 
 rightorderconcepts  on  Class is Back in Session 
 
 
 
 [HELLO 2017 
 The Tru…](http://soulfullytrue.com/2017/01/08/hello-2017/) on  The Master-Plan is not always… 
 
 
 
 Andrea Jones  on  The Master-Plan is not always… 
 
 
 Jessica on  The Master-Plan is not always… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 November 2018 
 January 2018 
 January 2017 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 January 2016 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Adventure 
 emotions 
 Events 
 Family time 
 feelings 
 Fitness 
 Life 
 love 
 optimistic 
 Plans 
 poetry 
 positive 
 quotes 
 Social 
 Starting over 
 Thoughts 
 Uncategorized 
 Women 
 Work 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Ad 
 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
