  
 Mac Fervor 
 The rants of a son, husband, father, product manager and Apple Fanboy 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Exercise in futility: I have a cold and I am applying to jobs online. 
 Nothing seems more futile than trying to be productive while being sick (sneezy with a runny nose) and also there is nothing more futile then applying to jobs online. Ok so they both just seem futile, at the moment, and are magnified by working in conjunction to double the futile feeling I have in my chest… 
 
 Bananas mixed with strawberries and an avocado (salt and peppered) 
 This morning as I made breakfast and a  paleo berry crisp  for later, I was listening to part 2 of the  History of Howard Stern  on Sirius Radio. Howard was talking about being fired from WNBC in New York and the feelings that arose in its aftermath. As he discussed his pain and his worry about his future career, I could not help but empathize. I have been out of work (but gratefully doing  contract work ) since the end of May (2015). I was let go (by a man that I have approved to be the replacement CEO for my original partner back in 2008) from an iteration of a company ( GTxcel ) that I had founded in 2004, Godengo. 
 Eleven years is a long time to be working at the same place nowadays (especially when you are a startup founder). In my parents time you pretty much worked at the same place your whole life but in todays market most of my friends resumes have stints that last no longer 2 - 3 years. My resume features just 2 just jobs spanning 16 years. It feels empty and I wonder if recruiters and prospective employers see it that way too. 
 The reality is that in 16 years, I went from being a guy who knew some HTML to COO of my own company that now, in its current iteration, generates more than $10 million in revenue each year and has 90+ employees. During that time I created a Software as a Service Content Management System targeted to magazine publisher that has been used by 400+ customers worldwide. I hired, managed and worked with some incredibly talented people and could not have done any of it without them. 
 When I was let go, I was not surprised. The writing was, as they say, on the wall and I knew my time was short. But it end it doesn't change the feeling of a loss of purpose and mostly a loss of connection from the community I was a part of. 
 So now a new chapter begins and I am blessed with contract work (from a customer who contacted me 1 week after hearing I was let go - she said she wanted to give me time to mourn) and once again I get to hire an old friend and colleague (who is super talented) to work with me on this project. 
 The future is still uncertain of course but like this stupid summer cold I know it will eventually change course… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted on  August 9, 2015  by  macfervor . This entry was posted in  career ,  health ,  product management . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- To rant or not to rant that is the question… 
 Todays Fun! Applying for jobs of Glassdoor -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Interviews but still no love… 
 The oldest guy in the room… 
 Bam! All of a Sudden I am getting interviews… 
 Todays Fun! Applying for jobs of Glassdoor 
 Exercise in futility: I have a cold and I am applying to jobs online. 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 family 
 health 
 kids 
 product management 
 rants 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
