Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Hydroponic Farm Lead 
 Operation Grow 
 __Midland, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Huronia Transition Homes is a charitable organization in Simcoe County working to end all violence against all women. Our organization seeking a Hydroponic Farm Lead to work at the agency’s social enterprise "Operation Grow" in Midland, ON. Operation Grow is an innovative program that combines a retail store, inspected kitchen, hydroponic vertical farm, yoga studio and meeting rooms. The social enterprise provides women with a lived experience of violence opportunities to reduce poverty, isolation and the impacts of trauma. 
 The Hydroponic Farm Lead will be responsible for the day-to-day farm operations, and supporting the low barrier employment program. 
 The key responsibilities include: 
 
 Operations of the farm (including input, process, logistics, and growing) 
 Coordinate and manage crop scheduling 
 Manage project activities throughout lifecycle 
 Ensure that all equipment and facilities are in good working order 
 Supervise, coordinate and schedule activities of shift leads and vertical cultivators 
 Ensure strict adherence to Standard Operation Procedures and Standard Sanitization Operating Procedures 
 Promote a healthy, safe, and clean environment 
 Provide training and support Vertical Cultivators 
 Provide support as needed to women with barriers to employment 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Relevant University degree or equivalent experience 
 Previous experience in food production and distribution 
 Familiarity with third party food safety management and audit process 
 Familiarity with indoor growing environments (i.e. atmosphere controls, lighting systems, water and nutrient controls) 
 Previous experience LED-based hydroponic indoor growing environments would be considered an asset 
 Demonstrated leadership ability 
 Strong problem-solving abilities 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 Demonstrable knowledge of anti-racism, anti-oppression, violence against women, and harm reduction. 
 
 In keeping with our commitment to represent all our communities, Indigenous women, francophone women, queer-identified and racialized women are especially encouraged to apply. 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $41,600.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We have a comprehensive strategy to reduce the risk of COVID-19 entering the workplace. 
 Experience: 
 
 hydroponic farming: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
