Breaking News:  SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde 
 18Jan 
 Breaking News:  Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19 
 18Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures 
 15Dec 
 Breaking News:  Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding 
 09Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus 
 02Dec 
 Breaking News:  SNP announce free school meals for all primary school pupils 
 01Dec 
 
 Stuart McMillan MSP 
 Official website of Stuart McMillan MSP 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 About Stuart 
 Surgeries 
 Press Releases 
 Newsletters 
 Press Coverage 
 Liability for NHS Charges (Treatment of Industrial Disease) (Scotland) Bill 
 Data Protection Privacy Notice 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 
 Local MP and MSP Angered at Jobcentre Closures 
 06Jul 
 by  Stuart McMillan 
 Ronnie Cowan MP & Stuart McMillan MSP (SNP) have highlighted their anger and frustration with the decision by the UK Government and Department of Work and Pensions to close Port Glasgow Jobcentre. 
 In January 2017, the Minister for Employment, Damien Hinds MP announced a proposal to relocate the Jobcentre at 6 Scarlow Street, Port Glasgow, PA14 5EY to Greenock, 99 Dalrymple Street, Greenock, PA15 1QL. 
 Mr Cowan led an Urgent Question (30th Jan), in the House of Commons, to ask the UK Government to set out their proposals and why Port Glasgow jobcentre is to close. Alongside this, Mr Cowan has raised a number of written parliamentary questions on the subject. 
 
 Port Glasgow Jobcentre 
 Mr Cowan said: 
 “Today’s announcement by the Department of Work and Pensions to close Port Glasgow jobcentre is deeply disappointing and my initial thoughts are with the staff members who will lose their jobs. Alongside this, I am concerned that my constituents who receive welfare support will be adversely affected by these cuts to services. 
 “One of the first actions I took on my re-election was to write to the Minister for Employment to urge that he visits Inverclyde, to meet with me and other elected representatives, to discuss the jobcentre closures and also how PIP assessments are taking place in Glasgow, rather than Inverclyde. I hope he will take up my request and visit the area in the near future. 
 “This is purely a cost saving exercise for the UK Government and has little thought on the impact it will have on some of the most vulnerable people in Inverclyde. 
 “The SNP will be looking to ask questions of the Minister, in the chamber, on the closures and what this means for Scotland.” 
 Stuart McMillan MSP added; 
 “Like Ronnie, I am bitterly disappointed by the action taken by the UK government. Yet again the most vulnerable people in our society are being targeted to save money. I always thought that Jobcentres were there to help people back into work. Removing them seems very much like a step in the wrong direction. 
 ‘Thankfully, the Scottish Government is gaining limited powers over the benefit system, but regretfully not over all areas. I am sure that the areas in which it does control will be designed to support people, with care and compassion at the centre of the system. All care and compassion seem to have been taken out of the UK system at present by a Conservative government driven more by ideology that doing what is right and fair. 
 ‘I very much hope the Minister for Employment takes up Ronnie’s request and visits Inverclyde so he can speak directly to the people this decision will affect.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ Blog ,  News ,  Press Releases  __ DWP ,  Gourock ,  Greenock ,  Greenock and Inverclyde MSP ,  Inverclyde ,  Inverkip ,  Job Centre ,  MSP ,  MSP Stuart McMillan ,  Port Glasgow ,  Port Glasgow Job Centre ,  Ronnie Cowan MP ,  Scottish Government ,  SNP ,  Stuart McMillan ,  Stuart McMillan MSP ,  UK Government ,  Universal Credit ,  Welfare ,  Wemyss Bay  __ Stuart McMillan  __ Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Scrapping of Public Sector Pay Cap Welcomed By Inverclyde MSP 
 MSP Thanks Arnold Clark for ‘Incredibly Generous’ Donation to Charity Drive 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search Submit 
 Social Media 
 
 View StuartMcMillanMSP's profile on Facebook 
 View StuMcMillanSNP's profile on Twitter 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde  January 18, 2021 
 Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19  December 18, 2020 
 McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures  December 15, 2020 
 Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding  December 9, 2020 
 McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus  December 2, 2020 
 
 Contact 
 26 Grey Place, Greenock PA15 1YF 
 01475-720-930 
 stuart.mcmillan.msp@parliament.scot 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
