Turn On to Life! Peaceful Productivity Now Blog 
 Productivity and personal growth resources from Curtis G. Schmitt 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Article Archive Index 
 
 Emotional Management 
 Goal Setting & Achievement 
 Health & Weight-Loss 
 Humor 
 Love & Relationships 
 Meditation & Being Present 
 Peaceful Productivity 
 Procrastination 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Time Management 
 
 
 Book Reviews 
 Client Results 
 
 Hope & Fear (2/5): Keep Your Job & Prosper 
 Life has always been potentially stressful for the busy professional -- juggling a career, family, personal relationships, health, hobbies ("yeah right!"). But this uncertain economy adds a brand new wrinkle. You might be worried about job. So let's break this down into what's within your control and what isn't. 
 The fate of the company you work for is in the hands of the decision-makers at the top executive level. They are the ones who made the choices in the past and will make the choices in the future that determine whether or not the company survives this economy. What they choose to do -- whether they layoff employees or cut bonuses or scale back work hours or close the branch you work for -- is not within your control. So stop focusing on what they may or may not do. Focus instead on what's in your control. 
 So what IS in your control? Just two things: What you choose to do and how you choose to feel about it. Let's take them one by one… 
 What You Choose to Do 
 There are two parts to "what you choose to do": what you focus on doing, and how well you do it. And the name for how you measure your success at these two things is productivity. In other words, your productivity is within your control. And to maximize your productivity, you want to focus on the most important things first and then do them as efficiently as possible. 
 Time for a reality check: Are you as productive in your job as you could be? Be honest… 
 So how much more productive could you be? To answer that question, try this: Think of a specific time when you were being your most productive. Call this your "kick butt" level of productivity, and give it a number from 1 to 10. 
 Now think about your "average" level of productivity. Those normal days where you maybe surf the internet a little, or chat with co-workers, or get sucked into meetings that go on longer than necessary, or get distracted by less important tasks, or just simply procrastinate. Give that a number from 1 to 10. 
 Compare that "average" level of productivity with that "kick butt" level of productivity. How far does it fall short? 
 In that distance between those two levels of productivity lives your opportunity to keep your job and prosper. 
 Most people perform so far below their peak level of productivity that in just weeks they can double or even triple their output. How much more valuable would you be to your employer if you doubled or tripled your output? In bad economic times, the demand for productive employees becomes even higher than usual. And as demand increases, price increases. So it's even possible to get a raise in this economy if you increase your productivity. 
 And if layoffs do happen, the LEAST productive employees go first, right? 
 How You Choose to Feel 
 How productive are you when you're worried? You may be busy when you're worried and think you're productive, buy how much important stuff do you really get done, and what's the quality? Not a lot and very low. How productive are you when you're happy and peaceful? When you're happy and peaceful, there's something called FLOW, where productivity seems almost effortless. Some call it "being in the zone." 
 Whether you're happy or worried, stressed or peaceful, you are CHOOSING to feel that way. And you can choose to create feelings of peace and happiness, even in an economy like this one. So in good times, your productivity sky-rockets from that state of peace and flow. And in bad times, you don't let worry or stress cloud your decision-making or decrease your productivity. 
 When you're peaceful and productive, you'll have a calming effect on your co-workers and your employer. You'll be part of the solution, not part of the problem. You'll be one of the most valuable, level-headed members of the team. And even if you were to get laid off from your job, you'll make better decisions about what to do next if you are peaceful inside. 
 Increase Your Productivity & Peace of Mind 
 Productivity is a learnable skill. Peace of mind is a learnable skill. When times are good, you can get by in your job pretty well without being very skilled at either. But when times are challenging, the employees who prosper are the ones WITH those skills. The employees who get hit hardest during times of uncertainty are the ones who are less skilled at productivity and peace of mind. 
 To make sure that you're as valuable as you can be to your employer, and you're able to prosper in these uncertain times no matter what happens, sign up for this week's  free teleseminar called "Productivity & Peace of Mind -- You Don't Have to Sacrifice One for the Other."  You'll learn: 
 
 The 3 steps to increase your productivity 
 The 3 steps to greater peace of mind 
 The 2 paths to Peaceful Productivity 
 And lots more… 
 
 Focus on what you CAN control and you'll give yourself the best chance for success and happiness. Learn more and sign up today: 
 http://www.PeacefulProductivityNow.com 
 ©2008 Curtis G. Schmitt 
 This is the second in a daily series of five posts on how to respond to this mixture of hope and fear in the world today. Here's the full list: 
 
 Commit to Change 
 Keep Your Job and Prosper (for busy professionals) 
 Grow Your Business in a Bad Economy (for entrepreneurs) 
 Avoid Layoffs and Down-sizing (for business owners & executives) 
 Shape Your Child's Future (for working parents) 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on Sunday, November 16th, 2008 at 9:00 am and is filed under  Articles ,  Emotional Management ,  Goal Setting & Achievement ,  Leadership ,  Sales & Marketing ,  Time Management . You can follow any responses to this entry through the  RSS 2.0  feed. You can leave a response, or  trackback  from your own site. 
 Post navigation 
 « Previous Post   Next Post » 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Peaceful Productivity Now 
 
 
 Read the first 10 pages of  Peaceful Productivity Now  , the new book by Curtis G. Schmitt, instantly and for free! 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 193 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Visit on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Visit on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Most Recent Tweet 
 
 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 10-Minute Weekly Planning System 
 100 Days of Peace 
 6-Step Planning Process 
 Overcome Procrastination 
 Peaceful Productivity Now! 
 Productivity Resource Library 
 The 5 Master Keys to Effective Time Management 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Categories: 
 
 Articles  (55) 
 Biggest Blunders  (2) 
 Book Reviews  (12) 
 Emotional Management  (13) 
 Goal Setting & Achievement  (39) 
 Health & Weight-Loss  (7) 
 Humor  (7) 
 Island Inspiration  (6) 
 Law of Attraction  (4) 
 Leadership  (10) 
 Love & Relationships  (9) 
 Meditation & Being Present  (11) 
 Peaceful Productivity  (7) 
 Procrastination  (5) 
 Productivity  (4) 
 Recorded Teleclasses  (1) 
 Reflections  (10) 
 Resources  (1) 
 Sales & Marketing  (6) 
 Time Management  (20) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 Video  (2) 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 listenheed  on  Miracles, All Miracles 
 
 
 
 
 
 Goal Setting - Make…  on  Goal Setting - Make SMAR… 
 
 
 
 Procrastination: 3 D…  on  Can Procrastination Be Go… 
 
 
 
 Day 51 (2008-08-20):…  on  The REAL Reason to Plan 
 
 
 
 Goal Setting - Make…  on  Goal Setting - Make SMAR… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Personal Choice & Suicide 
 Forgive Your Way to Productivity & Success 
 Health & Fitness: How to Succeed When Willpower Fails 
 How to Make Integrity Day More Valuable 
 Thank You, Scott Foster 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2014  (1) 
 December 2012  (1) 
 August 2012  (1) 
 June 2012  (1) 
 May 2012  (1) 
 December 2011  (2) 
 November 2011  (4) 
 September 2011  (1) 
 August 2011  (2) 
 May 2011  (2) 
 February 2011  (1) 
 January 2011  (1) 
 November 2009  (2) 
 April 2009  (1) 
 November 2008  (5) 
 October 2008  (1) 
 September 2008  (2) 
 August 2008  (2) 
 July 2008  (1) 
 April 2008  (2) 
 March 2008  (1) 
 November 2007  (1) 
 October 2007  (4) 
 September 2007  (1) 
 June 2007  (2) 
 April 2007  (3) 
 March 2007  (3) 
 February 2007  (1) 
 January 2007  (2) 
 December 2006  (1) 
 November 2006  (1) 
 October 2006  (1) 
 September 2006  (4) 
 July 2006  (1) 
 May 2006  (2) 
 April 2006  (1) 
 February 2006  (2) 
 December 2005  (2) 
 November 2005  (1) 
 October 2005  (3) 
 September 2005  (3) 
 August 2005  (3) 
 July 2005  (3) 
 June 2005  (3) 
 May 2005  (2) 
 April 2005  (2) 
 March 2005  (1) 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
