WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allQA & CSjobs 
 QA Tester 
 Massive Miniteam Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 2, 2020 
 Contract 
 Cologne, DE 
 Remote 
 450 € / month 
 We’re looking for a motivated QA / Games Tester (m/f/*) to support our team by testing our latest builds on all consoles. 
 ‍ 
 💼 The Facts 
 
 450 € / m Minijob or Internship, no time limit on the contract 
 Start date: January 
 8 - 16 hours per week on-site at the office in Pulheim (8 min from Ehrenfeld) 
 
 ‍ 
 👽 Your profile 
 
 You love games and how they are made 
 You are a motivated and disciplined learner – testing games is hard work! 
 You have sharp attention to detail and are a patient individual 
 You have excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 You’re self-reliant, organized and know how to prioritize your tasks 
 You’re fact-focused and know how to remain calm and follow your task even when the rest of the office erupts in chaos 
 You’re quick to learn basic software like image editing, screen capture software or database manipulation 
 
 ‍ 
 🛸 A big plus would be 
 
 Prior experience with the software test cycle process 
 
 ‍ 
 🛰 Huge plus 
 
 Experience with developing for consoles 
 
 ‍ 
 👩🚀 What you would be doing 
 You work as part of the backbone of our company: you help developers deliver stable builds by tracking down bugs and performing regular tests on all consoles we develop for 
 
 You test (mostly) the functional and (sometimes) the fun qualities of our projects 
 You follow the test instructions and report your results in the database 
 You will read Technical Certification Documents and learn about what needs to be done to be able to release games on console 
 Update and maintain the bug tracking database 
 As part of your job, you will learn the submission process for releasing on all consoles 
 
 ‍ 
 🚀 Perks & Benefits 
 
 Direct supervisor explaining your tasks to you 
 Lots of learning potential about the way games and software are developed 
 30 days of paid vacation days per year 
 Flexible work hours at the office 
 Game Jam during office hours once a year 
 Regular team events 
 Kitchen and drinks at the office 
 
 ‍ 
 🤖  Why we do what we do 
 When we founded Massive Miniteam all we wanted was a nice and stable work environment. For us that meant being happy and healthy while working on exciting projects. Today we are fortunate to share this vision with our ever growing team. 
 We value good communication, inclusivity and professionaism. We want to ensure that everyone feels comfortable and respected so that they have space and time to grow. To work with us means to join a kind and generally lighthearted environment and always be confronted with new and exciting tasks to tackle. 
 ‍ 
 👾  What we do 
 Very early on we realized that being financially stable as a young game studio meant that we needed a steady income without relying on successful game releases. Putting our tech industry experience to use, we started working for clients in the field of automotive, e-learning, VR and AR. This strategy gave us the opportunity to grow and develop Spitlings our first own game. Spitlings was released in 2020 and is available on all major gaming platforms. 
 Our experience developing for consoles gives us the opportunity to work with a lot of interesting companies and to help them port their games to many different platforms. 
 Today we mainly work on game projects with a small part of the team doing contract work and porting. We have a few exciting game projects we are currently working on and a lot more coming in the future. We would love to share more with you in an interview. 
 ‍ 
 📡 Write Us! 
 If you think you’d be a good fit for us, we’d be happy to take a look at your application! Please include your CV. 
 Send to:  jobs@massiveminiteam.com ! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About Us: 
 Massive Miniteam  is an award-winning Indie Game Studio in a cozy loft right next to Cologne. We’re creating unique games and experiences that hit the sweet spot between art and entertainment. We also highly value diversity and the mental health and stability of our employees. 
 ‍ 
 Our Games: 
 Our first own title is  Spitlings  - a chaotic action arcade game for one to four players. It puts you in control of the titular Spitlings: charming rectangular creatures with teeth they can spit at bubbles or use to jump! Your goal is simple, but hard to achieve: Get rid of all the bubbles bouncing around the screen! Out now on Google Stadia, Playstation 4, XBox One, Nintendo Switch and PC! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Polyarc is hiring a Principal QA Analystto join their team into work fromSeattle, WAPrincipal QA AnalystPolyarc | Seattle, WALearn More 
 Epic Games Publishing is hiring a QA Managerto join their team into work fromCA, WA, or NCQA ManagerEpic Games Publishing | CA, WA, or NCLearn More 
 Glowmade is hiring a Senior QA Technicianto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSenior QA TechnicianGlowmade | United KingdomLearn More 
 Massive Miniteam is hiring a QA Testerto join their team into work fromCologne, DEQA TesterMassive Miniteam | Cologne, DELearn More 
 Annapurna Interactive is hiring a Release Managerto join their team into work fromLos AngelesRelease ManagerAnnapurna Interactive | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Monomi Park is hiring a QA Leadto join their team into work fromSan Mateo, CA.QA LeadMonomi Park | San Mateo, CA.Learn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
