Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior IOS Developer - PC Optimum 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
What you'll do 
Design, build and maintain native mobile applications for iOS 
Participate in code reviews and architecture reviews 
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications 
Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features 
Taking ownership, writing UnitTest and UITest as part of development norm 
Mentor Junior iOS developers 
Does this Sound like you? 
You know how to write readable, idiomatic and maintainable Swift code 
You are experienced with a variety of iOS frameworks. 
You have a deep understanding of Cocoa design patterns and API design. 
You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high-quality code. 
You love to think in a functional way and you want to learn what functional programming means (RxSwift) 
Experience with offline storage (Realm and or Core Data), threading, and performance tuning 
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services 
Familiarity with CI/CD and Fastlane 
You have released at least one App under your supervision where you did: core architecture, code and wrote UnitTest and possibly some UITest 
 Good to have: 
RxSwift 
Realm 
Fastlane 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
 If you have big ideas, undeniable enthusiasm, and thrive in a collaborative, creative, and diverse group, we’ll get along just fine. 
 Looking for a challenge? Good. Love an innovative work environment? Even better. 
Apply today. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
