Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lead Teacher (Reggio-inspired) - Early Childhood Education 
 Kids U 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 KidsU is a growing Accredited Early Childhood Learning Institute in Calgary and Strathmore guided by our Core Values of Knowledge, Innovate, Development, Service and Upliftment. For children in the ages zero to six, we offer best-in-class child care as well as preschool and kindergarten programs that build experiences and influence the development of executive functions. Our curriculum is backed by scientific research and this approach prioritizes how a child learns instead of what they learn. 
 Our classrooms are inspired by the Reggio Emilia philosophy. The image of a child views children as strong, capable, competent, and full of potential according to the founder of this approach Loris Malaguzzi. We offer an inspirational classroom that works as a third teacher with different learning centres that are setting up in a beautiful way to invite children to work on their imagination that help them create and express their thoughts and feelings working on the executive function. As a lead teacher you will be part of this amazing process becoming a researcher, an observer, a great inspirational role model, and a good communicator working on document children’s work 
 We are currently recruiting for these campus locations:  Centennial 
 Your Role: 
To Set up the classroom based on children’s interests 
Monthly/Weekly curriculum planning and lesson planning in place. Following children interests 
Provide the children an inspirational environment (a classroom as a 3rd teacher) which includes making materials to support the individual needs within the classroom 
Plan individual and group activities to stimulate growth of the executive functions skills - cognitive flexibility, working memory and inhibitory control. ( based on projects) 
Interact with children and initiate proper social behavior, grace and courtesy 
Supervise the children at all times, ensuring a safe environment inside the classroom and outdoor programming 
Daily reporting and record-keeping - attendance, allergy, medication, communication logs 
Maintain up-to-date emergency cards, attendance, and health and safety checks 
Participate and interact in team meetings and workshops 
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required from time to time 
 Our Requirements: 
Diploma in early childhood education or a related field 
Passion, enthusiasm, and knowledge of early childhood development and executive functions 
At least 5 years of teaching experience with children 0 - 6 years 
Knowledge and embodiment of the Reggio-inspired approach 
Adaptability, creativity, patience, responsibility, resourcefulness, and a good sense of humor 
 Home classroom setup:  must have the space requirements to create an inviting creative area 
 Technology requirements:  computer, reliable internet connection, microphone, camera, and understanding of video conferencing. 
 Must have or be willing to obtain:  Criminal Reference Check with Vulnerable Sector, First Aid 
Ability to lift a min. of 40 lbs especially when working with infants and toddlers 
 Our Offer: 
You will be surrounded by the best-in-class educators and pedagogical leaders to share best practices and learn so as to enhance your class environment 
Professional Development Days focused around best practices in early childhood education and new, innovative ways of teaching and learning 
Annual Lead Teacher retreat focused on skills development 
Compensation based on education and experience 
Benefits include vision, dental, and paramedical services 
Tuition discounts on all child-care services for staff members, including full-time and part-time care, online education, summer camps and extracurricular activities 
Staff social committee focused on opportunities to make connections with other like-minded individuals and passionate educators through regular social functions, including an annual staff BBQ and Christmas party 
 Kids U is following all Alberta Health Protocols to ensure the health and safety of our children and employees. 
 If you are passionate about teaching children, and are driven by a desire to enhance early childhood education, KidsU is the place for you! 
 KidsU is an equal opportunity workplace and we are committed to building and fostering an environment where our employees feel included, valued, and heard. We believe that a strong focus and commitment to diversity and inclusion enables us to truly make early childhood education an enabler for wide-reaching change. We strongly encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities and/or people with intersectional identities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
