
  Richtig Haus  
 The Haus of Art & Innovation 
 Thursday, January 21st, 2021| 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 
 Search for...     
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Words 
 Music 
 Culture 
 Visual 
 Projects 
 
 Tag: job search 
  New Job Red Flags  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  December 6, 2020  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Sometimes as job seekers we overlook questionable situations from the start of an application to the first days of employment. Often, we can recant these red flags after things have gone from bad to worse. Let's take a look at some of the situations I have been in, and the red flags I should have listened to. 
  Categorizing Your Skills  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  December 4, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 When working on résumés and cover letters, most individuals find it difficult to categorize the skills they have acquired. Appropriate skills to add to a résumé can come from a variety of sources […] 
  Are You Doing All You Can In Your Job Search?  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  November 27, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 There is a common misconception that many unemployed people do not want to work, or that they are waiting for THE PERFECT JOB to fall into their laps. The reality is, many Canadians […] 
  A Roll of the Dice – Changing Careers  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  November 20, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Changing careers can be a stressful event for a variety of reasons. One may not have a choice in their job change because of downsizing, or their industry becoming obsolete. One may no […] 
  Minimizing Termination in Interviews  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  September 21, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Termination from employment is often shocking to employees, and creates its own set of personal issues. Beyond the personal ramifications, termination can also shed a poor light on an interview. Depending on the circumstances and length of service, loss of references and recommendations can be devastating. 
  Making a First Impression  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  September 8, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Before any interviewer has had a chance to ask any questions, they have already made judgements toward your suitability for their environment. By being mindful of your first impression, you can use it to your advantage! 
  How to Apply for Jobs in Canada  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  August 14, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 There are several major ways individuals secure employment in Canada. Interviews are customary for interviewers to select the right candidate. How one secures an interview with an organization may be different for every opportunity. 
  Not Following in the Steps of Dad  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  July 26, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 I enjoy uncovering the motivation behind why people choose the career paths they do. Some choose careers in their passion. Some choose careers because they believe that is where the money is. […] 
  Be the Expert!  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  June 22, 2015  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
   
 Information about understanding your employment sector before embarking on a career and to build on an existing career. 
  Interviews with Personality Assessments  
 By  Richtig Haus  on  June 15, 2015  • (  1 Comment  ) 
   
 Employers today understand that the “fit” of an individual in their environment is as important as the skills they bring to the table. The personality of new employees can either enhance or […] 
 Posts navigation 
 1  2   Older › 
 
 3Men1House   Album   Andrew's Journal   App Reviews   Art   Chapbooks   Doodles   fiction   Fictitious News   Green Tomorrow   Job Search Guy   Kyle Richtig Journal   Lubrigaytion   Movie Review   Music Reviews   Poetry   Political Opinion   Prank Monkey   Richtig Haus   TV Reviews 
 Advertisements 
 Advertisements 
 
 Top categories:   Kyle Richtig Journal 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com   | 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
