Skip to content 
   
 My World of Feelings 
 A Way to Express Things I Feel About…. 
 Tag: career 
 Give Yourself a Try 
 “Hey Dad, My AIEEE rank is out. I am eligible for IIIT-Allahabad and I don’t wanna study there in Kota for one more year. I m ardent to get enrolled in this college..pleeeeeeeease.” 
 “But Beta I think u should give one more try for IIT. It would b a proud moment for me when I will call myself as father of one more IITian.” 
 “But Dad m not interested in wasting one more precious year of my life there in Kota. And what if I didn’t get selected in IIT even in my next attempt..?? ” 
 “Hmmm. Beta I think you can do it coz I count on your potential. But if you are unwilling to repeat then I won’t force you. But in future don’t ponder over past and say ‘Kash ek bar aur try kar liya hota’. I still insist you to have a try. But the ultimate choice is yours.” 
 “Oh Thanks a lot Dad. I won’t let you down even in IIIT. In fact my institute is having one extra ‘I’ than Bhaiya’s institute. So it isn’t that bad.” 
 My whole family was pressurizing me to repeat but somehow they got convinced by listening my somewhat senti senti stuff. I was happy like….just wow. 
 This made me feel as if I had just won a battle and now area is clear in front of me. She was in my mind the whole time when I was talking with Dad. Its now only that she came to rest. I just thanked God for helping me to come one step closer to her. Now I will be lacking from her by just one class, and one step ahead to make my relation come true in coming future. But I didn’t tell her about my sacrifice. And she didn’t even bother to ask me the reason for such a strange decision regarding my whole career. I just don’t know I was mad or what but I was not feeling bad for suppressing my parent's wishes. Rather I was more happy to do a idiotic thing with my career and a good thing for her and our relation of which she was unaware. 
 But now when I ponder over those days I find myself as a crazy guy who kept a girl over his career and parents. And in fact crazy word doesn’t suits me instead. Fool suits better. Coz the present condition of mine proves me as fool. Now the girl for whom I took that step is not with me and she never mind how am I performing in academics. And my parents whom I ignored that time are standing with me with full support regarding my performance in academics and are happy for my happiness. 
 Now I feel ashamed of myself that how a girl can put that much impact on me for which I went against family and my own career. Now I just think “Kash us waqt ek aur try kar liya hota”. And I still remember the words of my Dad-”Beta I know you have the potential and don’t give yourself a chance to say Kash ek aur try….”. 
 Words of my Dad were pounding in my head. And whenever I think of my past, his words make me realize my mistake of not taking them seriously. Now see where I am. Neither am I having the girl nor IIT. 
So finally I decided that its never too late to learn from your mistakes. And golden words of my dad were still playing major role in motivating me. I kept murmuring the whole day “Yes Prat you have the potential and you must give yourself one more try”. 
 The very next day when I went to the college with my friend I asked him to take a look at a beautiful girl. But he started staring at her. 
I knocked him hard on his head and said “Bhabhi hai teri. Izzat se dekh.” 
 Yes friends I am giving myself one more try and of course I know I have the potential…………….. 
😀 😉 
 Vote for me now!  
 Rate this: 
 Prateek Porwal   English ,  Humor ,  My Life   17 Comments   December 9, 2011October 10, 2012  3 Minutes 
 Author 
 Categories 
 
 Childhood Memories  (2) 
 English  (25) 
 Hindi  (12) 
 Humor  (14) 
 Love / Emotions  (18) 
 Motivational  (2) 
 My Life  (12) 
 Philosophical  (4) 
 Poetry  (22) 
 Polls  (1) 
 This may be your story  (4) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 
 Blog Hits 
 
 129,816 hits 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Heavenly Blessings 
 About 
 You were, You are and You will, Always be a Part of My Life 
 Rishtey Dilon Ke 
 Masoom Si Khwahish 
 Answer Me God 
 Coder Pandey - Forever Alone 
 Bravo! 10 Millennia Hits 
 A Lustful Mind 
 Overcoming State of Melancholy 
 
 Follow me on Facebook 
 
 Follow me on Facebook 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 May 2019 
 January 2019 
 April 2018 
 July 2016 
 June 2013 
 March 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 October 2011 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 dr.geeta on  Tera Intezaar Hai….. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Prateek Porwal  on  Kaise Bayaan Karun 
 
 
 
 harsh  on  Kaise Bayaan Karun 
 
 
 sonali on  Kahin Koi Khas Hai…… 
 
 
 
 
 Prateek Porwal  on  Kaise Bayaan Karun 
 
 
 
 Posts Calendar 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jul 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow My World Of Feelings 
 Prateek Porwal 
 Prateek Porwal 
 
 Create Your Badge 
 
 absense   back benches   Bad days   beautiful creatures   blessings   brother   career   caste   chocolate   college   college dean   dating   Dil   distance   ditched   emotions   expenses   family   family bond   feelings   fun   fundas   funny   gift   girl   girlfriend   god   good turns bad   gorgeous face   happy times   hindi   hubby   hug   humor   illusion   i love   i love you   innocence   keeping quiet   khas   kiss   life   love   love for you   love greater than distance   lovely.awesome   mobile   mobile chat   mother   motivation   mouthwash   mummy   my love   my sweet morning and she   pain   parents   philosophical   poem   pretty princess   pyaar   relationships   romantic   rose   sad   self-centered   seperation   she   someone   special   spirit of living   teddy   try   valentine's day   vision   your story 
 The Gargie Award 
 By Allwin Bright 
 Liebster Blog Award 
 Thanks to SoumyaV 
 Copyright 
 © Prateek Porwal, 2012. Plagiarism is NOT cool and unacceptable! Unauthorized use and/or duplication of posts without express permission from the blog’s author is strictly prohibited. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
