[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Director of Marketing 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted September 17 
 Applications have closed 
 Zazzle 
 
 Overview 
 Zazzle, a global marketplace where designers and makers converge to make one-off custom products, is looking to hire a  Director of Marketing, Conversion . As part of the Growth team, you will develop and implement strategies and tactics to optimize our marketplace and the products offered to customers. As a seasoned expert in eCommerce, you will operate both strategically, monitoring the evolution of our marketplace ecosystem and tactically, executing plans to ensure we’re successful with existing product categories to serve customers best. You’ll oversee and tactically work within our real-time CRM tool, by owning page building conversion strategies and promotional goals. Most importantly, you will show a passion for continually optimizing and growing the Zazzle marketplace. This position reports directly to the Chief Marketplace Officer. 
 As the   Director of Marketing, Conversion, you will… 
 
 Develop and deliver strategies to drive profitable sales through the marketplace. 
 Including set goals and growth objectives, and coordinate your team’s efforts through a Marketing Calendar 
 Be accountable for, and report on merchandising experience conversion and revenue targets weekly, monthly, and quarterly. Propose and make adjustments based upon those results 
 Lead efforts to define customer segments and select, develop, and evaluate methods to activate those segments within the marketplace 
 Align marketing projects, and teammate action plans, to improve the efficacy of our on-site conversion growth, including collaborations with Creative, Product Development, Operations, Customer Service, Channels, and Localization 
 Develop and implement regular reporting related to promotions, discounts, margin, and growth opportunities 
 Monitor metrics, A/B tests, and page updates to balance margin and conversion rate goals 
 Create post-mortem reports to highlight key data points, trends, and revisions to campaign and page building strategy 
 Set page-building and merchandising assortment strategies to drive profitable sales through the marketplace. Including setting category, department, and page-experience goals and growth objectives 
 Direct on-site merchandising to build high converting consumer conversion funnels focused reaching incremental audiences with contextual product selections 
 Be an expert in optimizing landing pages and product pages to provide the best possible customer experience in alignment with our audience growth goals 
 Learn and grow as our ecosystem evolves, keep up with industry trends and optimizations to improve our reach to audiences 
 Have in-depth knowledge of cross-platform conversion tactics for desktop, mobile web, and apps 
 
 And here’s what you’ve got going for you… 
 
 7+ years of eCommerce experience 
 BA/BS Degree in marketing, analytics or equivalent 
 Hands-on experience with analyzing data to driving user conversion rates 
 Strong understanding of marketplace marketing best practices 
 Well-versed in defining detailed plans, and maintaining quality through to execution 
 A clear track record of making a difference in the projects you drive 
 Strong leadership, project management, and organizational skills 
 Love for data-driven decisions 
 Demonstrated ability to work independently under pressure and proven ability to manage a team to complete our growth priorities 
 
 We value diversity. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  126 
 Marketing 
 
  Website  
  Facebook  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Technical Copywriter 
 Bellhop  From home to home, together 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* November 17
 
 
 
 
 Product Manager 
 Getty Images  Moving the world with images 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * PM
* November 18
 
 
 
 
 Senior Android Developer 
 Tinder  Match. Chat. Date. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Developer
* December 7
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
