Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacist 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200111 
 Position Available:  Pharmacist 
 Status:  Casual/Relief 
 Department:  Pharmacy 
 Union:  Non-Union 
 Shifts:  Days/Evenings/Nights/Weekends 
 Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a visionary community hospital, demonstrating commitment to strong successful relationships between its patients, their families and its health care teams. 
 JBH has an exciting Casual opportunity for an enthusiastic and knowledgeable pharmacist who wishes to work in the vibrant Burlington area within our newly renovated hospital. You will have liaison responsibilities with the patient care areas, participate on patient care teams, provide drug therapy monitoring, consult with other healthcare professionals and participate in staff and patient education. 
 Reporting to the Manager of Pharmacy Services, you will work cooperatively with the Pharmacy team, Clinical teams and physician partners to provide safe and accurate medication distribution services including pharmaceutical care, drug information and drug utilization. You will also supervise one or more Pharmacy Technicians. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Licensed to practice Pharmacy in Ontario. 
 B.Sc Phm required; M.ScPhm, PharmD or hospital pharmacy residency with clinical training /experience preferred 
 Demonstrates competency in clinical skills, team work, communication and teaching 
 Excellent communication and leadership skills with a demonstrated commitment to patient safety. 
 
 PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS: 
 
 Ontario College of Pharmacists (mandatory). 
 Canadian Society of Hospital Pharmacists 
 Ontario Pharmacists' Association. 
 Canadian Pharmaceutical Association. 
 Hamilton & District Pharmacists' Association. 
 
 EXPECTATIONS: 
Employees are expected to demonstrate our values of compassion, accountability, respect and excellence; to our patients, families and each other; attend work regularly because regular attendance is critical to maintaining this level of excellence. 
 Qualified and interested applicants are encouraged to apply by clicking the "Apply for Job" button and proceed with the necessary steps. Please note that although we appreciate each and every application, only candidates selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a visionary community hospital, demonstrating commitment to strong successful relationships between its patients, their families and its health care teams. You will have the chance to join JBH as it embraces the possibilities of a new vision, a new Strategic Plan. We are seeking candidates who demonstrate our values of compassion, accountability, respect and excellence; to our patients, families and each other. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act ('AODA'). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources at 905-632-3737 ext. 4129. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
