Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse (RN), Visiting/Shift Nursing (Full-Time/Part-time/Casual) 
 Victorian Order of Nurses for Canada Ontario Branch 
 __Cobourg, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you looking for a rewarding carer in nursing? Do you want to contribute to your community? The VON team provides excellent client-centered health care to people in their homes, community settings and clinics. You can make a difference by joining VON today! 
 
 Recent graduates and experienced nurses are encouraged to apply* 
 
 The Registered Nurse is responsible for the provision and management of client and family centered, evidence-based, efficient nursing care to individuals and families in their homes and community. The Registered Nurse is responsible for safe and appropriate teaching, assignment and delegation of tasks to team members. This role requires excellent assessment skills, problem solving abilities and the capacity to work independently as well as collaboratively. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Manages and coordinates care; evaluates health outcomes; educates, counsels and advocate for individuals to meet health goals 
Provides all levels of nursing care whether caring for stable clients with predictable outcomes or unpredictable outcomes and whose health needs are acute, complex and rapidly changing. 
Develops a care plan with the client and family or caregiver based on the nursing assessment. 
Utilizes appropriate interviewing and communication skills to obtain information from the client, family, or caregiver. 
Evaluates client, family or caregiver's responses to care plan for the achievement of realistic client-centered outcomes and revises plan as required. 
Supports the health and well-being of clients and families and client and family engagement in care to support independence 
Reports and discusses client's status on a regular basis with other members of the health care team. 
Documents rationale for referrals, increase and decrease in visits, and for discharge based on relevant, sound data and established guidelines. 
 Education and Experience: 
Must be a Registered Nurse with the Ontario Colleges of Nurses 
Canadian Nurses Association certification in Community Health Nursing as asset 
Clinical practice experience is an asset. 
Experience in community health an asset. 
 Other Requirements: 
A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check. 
A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or a Child Abuse Registry Check may be required. 
Available to work flexible hours. 
VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further information and contact details. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
