Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Get Promoted Without Working Any Harder 
 Mark Garrison    27th April    Career   10 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Get%20Promoted%20Without%20Working%20Any%20Harder%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fget-promoted-without-working-any-harder%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This isn’t a get-rich quick scheme. There’s no trickery or deception involved. Believe it or not, promotions and raises are usually made based on perceived competence—the important word being perceived. These tips are not meant to hide incompetence (if that’s your problem you need a whole different article!). These are here to help you show your boss and coworkers how competent you are, and to keep you from accidentally convincing people you aren’t. 
 Speak Well 
 It doesn’t matter how brilliant the words coming out of your mouth are; if you mumble and use slang your listeners will value what you say far less than if you speak clearly and confidently. Pick any great speech from history and imagine it with mumbled slang and you’ll see what I mean: “Umm… y’know I, like, have a dream or somethin’, right. That, uh… maybe this country will, like…” 
 Quick tips for speaking better: 
 
 Speak from your diaphragm. Breathe from the bottom of your belly and push your speech out from your there. 
 Throw away “uh”, “er”, “like”, and any other words that don’t have any meaning. 
 Avoid slang. 
 Don’t swear. 
 
 Dress Professionally 
 You’ve probably heard the phrase “dress for the job you want, not the job you have”. It’s a bit cliché, but it absolutely works. This doesn’t mean that you need to wear a three-piece suit to do data entry, but it does mean dress professionally. You may be able to get away with a polo shirt in your office, but you’ll command more respect if you wear a button up shirt. Wearing what you can “get away with” gives the impression that your attitude towards work is to only do what you have to. Making the effort to dress nicer that you have to implies that you’re willing to go the extra mile in your work. 
 Be Extra Punctual 
 If you’re late people notice and think poorly of you for it, so being on time is a no-brainer, but if you want to be noticed then show up 15 minutes early for work every day. You don’t have to start working the moment you get there—in fact you can use that time to have a cup of coffee or discreetly surf the internet. Just being there makes you look good, and your boss will definitely notice. 
 Good Posture 
 Good posture goes hand-in-hand with speaking well. If you’re constantly slouching or hunched over you simply look bad. If you stand straight and confident, you’ll come across dynamic and confident. There’s a reason that you never see slouchy pictures of CEOs, great political leaders, or super heroes. It’s because you wouldn’t respect them as much. 
 To improve your posture try a technique my chiropractor calls “The Woodcutter”. Start by standing with your feet shoulder width apart. Then raise your arms straight above your head like you’re about to chop wood. Now leaving your body in the same position, lower your arms to your side. Your shoulders should be relaxed, your chest forward, your head tall as if pulled by a string from above, and your pelvis rotated slightly forward. Give it a try. You’ll feel better and look better. 
 Propose Solutions, Not Problems 
 Here’s what most people find a problem at their work: they complain about the problem. The way to stand out is to present a solution, not a problem. Let’s look at an example: your office store room is crowded and nobody can ever find what they need. Everyone in your office gripes about this problem. Instead of just complaining, you, being destined for greatness, take two minutes to look at how it can be fixed. 
 When everyone else is telling your boss “the stock room’s a disaster”, you go to your boss and say “I noticed that the stock room is pretty disorganized. Perhaps we can get the maintenance guy to put shallower shelves in. This would give us more room to move in there, and prevent things from being lost behind other items. Once the new shelves are in we can label each shelf so that our supplies are consistently put in the same spot, making them easier to find”. 
 In the situation above, you look good for being a creative thinker and problem solver, and even better: you didn’t have to do any additional work. You just had to approach it from a different angle. 
 Conclusion 
 There you go: five super-easy, painless ways to look smarter, more competent and ready for a promotion, and all without actually working any harder. No overtime, no added stress. Here’s my challenge to you: try these for one month. If nobody comments on what a great job you’re doing, I’ll refund your admission price to this blog. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 how to get promoted quickly ,  mantra to get promotion in job ,  mantra for job promotion ,  mantra to get promotion 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mark Garrison  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mark is a graphic designer and audio engineer from Canada. He is the editor of  Some Design Blog  and the author of the soon to be published  Encyclopedia of Home Recording . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Memo:Random #5  
  _ _     Why Being A "Jack Of All Trades" Works  
  _ _     Are You Rewarding Yourself through Procrastination?  
 
 Discussion 
 
 10 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 bala s murali  on the 28th April 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks Mark, for your awesome post to work awesome. 
 It's really a must read post for every professionals. 
 Thanks again. 
 
 Sonali Agrawal  on the 28th April 
 
 Reply   
 Awesome points…I recently started got into an on-site contract job..and this post helps me. 
 
 Gary  on the 28th April 
 
 Reply   
 You actually might want to be more specific about the domain you are talking about. For example in the technology domain not only engineering but directors also wear jeans on a every day basis… try visiting Microsoft or Amazon campus??? Dressing professionally in those companies does not get you any extra credit… as the culture of the company is totally different… 
 * **Tim** on the 28th April 
 
 Gary, 
 Good dress applies to jeans and t-shit offices as well: i.e. Drop your Ikeda lock-ups and Velcro B.U.M. equipment sneaks and pick up a pair of Levi 501's and Chukkas. 
 
 Carl Natale  on the 29th April 
 
 Reply   
 These are good points that have worked for me. Even the dress-for-success strategy has validity in casual offices. No, I never got a promotion based upon my tie collection. But it's part of a an image and track record that fosters confidence. 
 I would emphasize the points about speaking well and being a problem solver. Those will get you far in any setting. 
 Thank you for the great advice. 
 
 Sean Haggard  on the 9th June 
 
 Reply   
 Hi, Mark, 
 I think you give good advice in this post. Missing any one of these items can  hurt  your promotion, but I don't believe they necessarily advance your promotion opportunities (except for problem-solving). I made a few comments on my site. 
 
 Caco  on the 25th November 
 
 Reply   
 We are in the eyes of our customers and co-workers what we project of ourselves. 
 wonderful tips! 
 
 Work From Home Ideas Guy  on the 15th January 
 
 Reply   
 Excellent suggestions, and spot on. May sound corny, but I have a mantra that I recite daily - "In a well-dressed, well-groomed and well-spoken manner I exceed expectations daily." It betters my performance and puts me in the right mindset … 
 
 iliganva  on the 27th August 
 
 Reply   
 I completely agree! In every thing that we do, we must always try to exceed the expectations of our boss to prove that we are good enough to handle responsibilities. If we execute with all our heart every job we are assigned to, success is never impossible. 
 
 TheResumeBuilder  on the 27th August 
 
 Reply   
 I agree looks does matter in a way, dressing up professionally always leave good impressions. Infact not just good impressions but respect as well. People respect you more when they see you as someone to be really respected through the clothes you wear, the way you talk, the way you act, the way you deal with people. Yeah, your looks in a way is a factor. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
