John D Williamson 
 Founder and AI Product Manager 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Career History 
 
 Career History 
 Professional Experience & Selected Major Accomplishments 
 RCM Brain 
 Louisville, KY 2017–Present 
 
 RCM Brain is a software company that enables healthcare revenue cycle management companies and departments to work smarter and faster. We use a combination of machine learning, robotic process automation, and workflow communications to stop revenue leakage and increase staff productivity. 
 
 
 ZirMed (now WayStar) 
 Product Manager 
 Louisville, KY 2013–2017 
 
 As an entrepreneurial employee, I was assigned to develop a brand new SaaS product for ZirMed's core Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) division. I defined, built, and launched the 'Denial and Appeal Management’ solution, with great success. 
 
 Responsibility 
 
 Customer Discovery  : Worked with 9 development partner clients to intimately understand their challenges and opportunities. 
 Product Market Fit  : Established the appropriate combination of features and functionality to successfully capture our addressable market. 
 Product Roadmap  : Defined a feature development plan to support engineering, sales, and marketing. 
 Agile Scrum Product Management  : Created all User Stories, Features, and Epics to drive iterative product releases based on our roadmap and client feedback. 
 Pricing  : Performed market analysis, secret shopping, and customer interviews to determine competitive pricing strategy. 
 Revenue Forecasting  : Worked with finance department to establish sales projections, cost of goods sold, and growth estimates to predict top line revenue over 3 years. 
 Go-to-Market Strategy  : Identified target market segments and worked with sales enablement to craft effective sales stories. 
 Implementation Planning  : Worked with internal operations teams to create implementation guides, support training, and created a new product support position. 
 Product Launch  : Coordinated marketing and sales efforts around publicized product release. 
 Product Marketing Support  : Hosted webinars, built ROI Calculators, and wrote marketing copy to drive leads. 
 Enterprise Sales Support  : Accompanied sales executives to present new solution in advance of product launch. 
 
 
 Ucloser 
 Founder / Product Manager 
 Louisville, KY 2008–2013 
 
 Successful real estate communications technology company; provides highly effective transaction management tools for all parties involved in property transactions. Available both on-line and via mobile applications. 
 
 Challenge/Responsibility 
 
 Recognized need for managing multiple parties and streamlining communication efforts inside historically inefficient real estate transactions. Platform also needed to allow for mobile access as well as easy company integration. 
 
 Accomplishments 
 
 Researched, architected, and launched innovative real estate transaction management platform for all parties and phases. 
 Since initial implementation and resulting expansion, 10K+ real estate transactions and 80K documents have been managed; time spent on each transaction significantly decreased; transparency for parties has dramatically increased. 
 Raised significant investment capital ($675K) from 20 angel investors over 18 months. 
 Created online marketing platforms and SEO strategy to generate sales inquiries and direct product signups via website and landing pages. Ranked Ucloser.com on top result pages for significant competitive phrases. 
 Also utilized online sales (via web meetings/demonstrations) and group presentations to convert potential buyers into customers. Over 50% of real estate agents immediately signed up for the service at end of presentation. 
 
 
 Community Ventures Corporation 
 Louisville, KY 2010–2012 
 Director of Product Innovation 
 Adapted version of Ucloser for managing home-buyer/foreclosure clients in a non-profit environment; provides agencies with flexible work-flow platform to manage counseling and business lending processes. 
 Significantly eased processing for thousands of foreclosure, homebuyer, and business lending clients. 
 Subscriptions also sold to other non-profits; revolutionized client service while also reducing overhead. 
 
 Whiteboard Enterprises, Inc. 
 Lead Business Consultant 
 Louisville, KY 2007–2009 
 
 Independent web technology and business consulting firm; engaged by management teams to analyze and improve business strategies as well as create targeted web applications. Also managed international software development teams. 
 
 Challenge/Responsibility 
 
 Kentucky-based non-profit received grant to provide online education to rural Kentuckians; needed web platform that would solve organization's local challenges. 
 Also looking to create profitable national business selling subscriptions for homebuyer/foreclosure education. 
 
 Accomplishments 
 
 Conceived of and built online learning platform originally used for a statewide non-profit; once launched, significantly expanded platform use to 300 non-profits in nearly every state. 
 Generated $1M in revenue and served 50K students nationwide. 
 Resulting product, eHome America, become nationally recognized leader in online homebuyer education. Platform then expanded for additional non-profit use (see Community Ventures Corporation).  http://www.ehomeamerica.org 
 
 
 iHigh.com, Inc. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Lexington, KY 2006–2007 
 
 iHigh.com is a community website providing schools, colleges, and youth-related organizations with free web tools and video streaming capabilities that connect sports and activities to the premier Global Youth Network. 
 
 Challenge/Responsibility 
 
 Major high school sports publishing website needed to be fully overhauled and re-launched to support multimedia content and more users. Served as site CEO; fully managed development and implementation of new web platform. 
 Worked with investors and Board members to develop both new business strategies and long-term objectives. 
 
 Accomplishments 
 
 Architected flexible and scalable publishing platform with broad multimedia and interactive capabilities for consumers; collaborated extensively with marketing division throughout process. 
 Oversaw transition of 800 high school sites to new platform. 
Company recently valuated at $60M by major media outlet looking to invest. 
 Additional Experience & Selected Accomplishments 
 
 
 3rd Dimension Design, LLC 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Lexington, KY 2003–2006 
 Built truck driver training management system for large company needing improved oversight and cost-control methods of recruiting, processing, and training new drivers at their various locations. 
 
 Resulting multi-party workflow system connected multiple internal departments nationwide and saved company millions of dollars via elimination of extra training hours, lodging costs, travel/training school expenses. 
 
 Created comprehensive quality control system for large construction company; architected unique application that worked both online/offline as well as allowed for automatic synching and creation of correction action reports. 
 
 Saved management/field reps thousands of hours of work and $100K annually in labor, billing, and related expenses. 
 
 Developed platform to create small business websites quickly and cost-effectively; resulting content management system implemented on 50+ websites and actively managed by small business owners. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 Ucloser 
 eHome Agency 
 eHome America 
 iHigh 
 Training Management 
 Quality Control 
 Vision Resume 
 
 
 
 Follow Me 
 
 
 Linked In 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Great Software Systems Need Psychologists and Statisticians 
 Content Marketing 
 Gamification for Business Software 
 Putting Government Data to Use 
 Consumer Facing Business Applications 
 Profile Your Existing Customers First 
 Three-Stage Responsive Websites 
 DIY Recommendation Engine 
 Public Speaking - Forget the Notes 
 Pitch the Customer First 
 
 
 
  John D Williamson  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
