Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Turnover Troubles: Why Do Good Employees Leave Their Jobs? 
 __ Oct 8 Oct 26  __ Omri Shabath 
 Do you operate a  small business ? If so, then you understand the importance of hiring the best employees. 
 After all, your employees are the heart and soul of a successful business. But good employees aren’t easy to find. That’s why you need to understand the reasons why good employees leave their jobs. Because the more you understand, the more you can do to entice them to stay. 
 If you’ve been looking for ways to improve the employee retention rate at your company, you’ve come to the right place for help. This article takes a look at the top reasons good employees leave for other jobs. Keep reading to get the inside scoop. 
 Lack of Recognition 
 A lack of recognition in the workplace is one of the leading reasons an employee will become unhappy. Keep in mind that your people work hard, and they need to be recognized for their effort and the long hours they invest at the office. 
 Listen to them, reward them, and acknowledge how much you appreciate everyone at every level. 
 It’s important to remember that a little recognition goes a long way. Your employees need to feel seen and heard. Otherwise, they will go somewhere else in search of the recognition they deserve. 
 Here is a great resource for  remote employee rewards . 
 They Feel Ignored 
 Another factor that drives good employees away is the feeling that managers ignore their ideas. 
 Why is this a problem? Well, because your employees are your greatest assets. Thus you should treat your team as a gold mine of amazing ideas. Give everyone a chance to have a voice, and then treat every idea seriously. Never assume management has it all figured out because you don’t. 
 Greater Career Opportunities 
 Employees will also quit in order to seek faster career advancement. This is especially true of individuals who’ve been with the company a few years without being given the opportunity to move up or take on bigger challenges. 
 More Money 
 This is obviously one of the biggest reasons of all. After all, the best way to make people feel appreciated is to reward them financially. In other words, give your employees plenty of opportunities to advance up the corporate ladder and pay them what they’re worth. 
 Poor Management 
 Do you really want to know why good employees leave jobs? This is a biggie. Bad managers will drive employees crazy. Upgrade the quality of your management, and you’ll be amazed at the results. 
 Too Much Stress 
 Stress is an absolute killer. Employees can only handle so much, and they will always be happy to take a better job that offers far less stress. 
 Unhealthy Work Environment 
 Some companies cultivate a toxic work environment. This is typically a miserable experience for employees. It’s important to remember that an unhealthy work environment could start at the top and work its way down from there. 
 This could include everything from sexual harassment to bullying, and there is simply no excuse for any of it. 
 A Guide to the Reasons Why Good Employees Leave Their Jobs 
 Running a successful company isn’t easy. That’s why it’s so important to understand why good employees leave their jobs so that you can hire the best and keep them happy. 
 Keep scrolling to find more awesome lifestyle advice on our blog. 
 Posted in  Business 
 Work From Home 
 
 A Simple Guide to Becoming a Freelancer 
 
 There's never been a better time for freelance work than right now.   […] 
 
 How Does Working From Home Affect Your Health? 
 
 Can working from home benefit your health? It's a possibility. Many   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 The Extensive Benefits of Thorough Business Documentation 
 
 Did you know that businesses lose about 21% of worker productivity because   […] 
 
 4 Essential Marketing Tips for Growing Your General Contracting Business 
 
 According to the latest data from the Associated General Contractors of   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 
 Get Paid (Every Time): The Ultimate Guide to Freelance Contracts 
 
 The freelance industry is big. There are people that perform freelance   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 7 Tips for Finding the Best Cable Provider in Your Area 
 Distance Learning Tip Guide to Keep Your Child Attentive 
 What Is Agile? A Basic Guide 
 Galaxy Buds vs AirPods: Which is Better? 
 How to Convert an ASPX File to PDF in 5 Easy Steps 
 7 Essential Services Every Remote Office Worker Needs 
 How to Calculate Sig Figs Like a Pro 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
