The Baltimore Chop 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Chop Style 
 Cocktails 
 File Photos 
 Guest Posts 
 Orioles Baseball 
 Who's the Chop? 
 Email the Chop 
 
   
 Tag Archives: part time jobs 
 June 13, 2011 * 6:00 am 
 The Slack is Back: Why Hipsters Are the New Slackers 
 It's said that those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it, and this is true not only in our culture, but in our countercultures and subcultures as well. Your Chop is 31 this year, which makes us  just barely  old enough to remember  the best of the early Nineties.  It also means we're young enough to still be going out pretty often, and the more time we spend in bars and DIY spaces, the more we notice how much today's Hipsters have in common with the Slackers of yore. 
 Today's bright young things of 21-25 are definitely too young to remember most of the 90's, especially the early part. Sure, they're happy to 'curate' some of the indie touchstones of that period into their own lives; Nirvana bootlegs,  Trainspotting,  cassettes, eclectic fashion, The Basketball Diaries and organic coffee, but most fail to realize exactly how much they've got in common with the grunge rockers who were living in those same shitty apartments and loft spaces 20 years ago. 
 
 
 One of these photos is from a story on Lollapalooza 1991. The other is from a 2010 story on a Brooklyn loft space. You are free to guess which is which. 
 
 
 The ties that bind today's Hipsters to their Slacker brethren run deeper than their pasty, tattooed skin. Beyond the PBR and the Chuck Taylors- and of course the blatant denials- it's the things you can't see with the eye that mark the Hipster as the new Slacker. 
 > >> An inflated sense of self-worth.  Lots of people create art. A ton of people have read Chomsky and Nietzche the poems of Pablo Neruda. Building a bicycle or growing a vegetable garden or knitting a scarf are skills that many people have. They don't make you special, Hipster. They put you on the level of basic human competence. 
 > >> A giant sense of entitlement.  A job that you love and enjoy is not your due, Hipster. A job in your chosen field is not your due. A job is not your due. Doing something rewarding about which you're passionate is what you get after you  pay your dues.  How do you pay your dues? You grind on in an ordinary job until you've learned all the things they didn't teach you in college. If you're lucky, it'll take 20 years. Until that happens  get off the fucking dole and go to work. 
 > >> A refusal of sacrifice.  Is that iPhone's unlimited data plan a want or a need? Is that out-of-town reunion show  really  a one-off must-see event? Is it actually so imperative that you treat Record Store Day as a national holiday? It seems like it's been a long time since we've heard anyone say "I can't. I don't have the money." but we're still often hearing stories of bar tabs and boasts of new purchases, along with complaints about credit card debt. 
 > >> Political martyrdom.  The rise of grunge and Slacker culture in the early 1990's had a lot to do with the first President Bush and his recession. The prominence of Hipster culture was directly proportional to the G. W. Bush economy of the late 2000's, the effects of which we're still feeling today. Combining your part-time service gig with an Etsy shop might seem like an ideal solution, but it fits a sixty-something better than a twentysomething. Believe it or not, cheap rent doesn't last forever. 
 > >> Send in the Salvation Army.  We will give some credit where it's due. Slack-sters have always been masters of thrift. An underemployed twentysomething can cut expenses just about anywhere. We're a great admirer of thrift, but there's more to it than scoring an advantageous rental agreement, cutting out transport costs with a bicycle and using sales and coupons for groceries. The idea is to do something more productive with the money you're saving than buying a nice bag of weed. Making ends meet is important, but until you've figured out how to make cash flow positive at the end of every month, there will always be a question of whether you own a lifestyle, or a lifestyle owns you. 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Chop Rants! 
 Tagged as  1990's ,  Alt ,  Alternative ,  Baltimore ,  Bush ,  cost of living ,  debt ,  economy ,  entitlement ,  Grunge ,  Hipster Culture ,  Hipsters ,  Indie ,  job market ,  jobs ,  Maryland ,  part time jobs ,  personal finance ,  real jobs ,  Recession ,  refusal ,  sacrifice ,  Self-woth ,  slack-sters ,  Slacker culture ,  Slackers ,  the nineties ,  thrift ,  twentysomethings 
 
 
 Subscribe to the Chop! 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 
 RSS subscription is like a podcast for your bookmarks. It's free. Its painless. And it'll put you in the know at your convenience. 
 
 Your daily dose of downtown dramatics, indie culture, and the Baltimore social scene is all in one place, and its only a click away. 
 
 
 2010 Mobbies 
 
 
 
 The Baltimore Chop was recognized by the Baltimore Sun and its readers as the best music/nightlife blog in the paper's 2010 Maryland's Outstanding Blogs contest. 
 
 
 The Chop in Your Inbox 
 
 
 Don't sit around wondering what you're doing tonight. Just check your email and the Chop will fill you in on the best of what's going on in town every day. 
 Email Address: 
 I'll drink to that! 
 
 
   @ThBaltimoreChop  has live updates and twitpics from venues and events... plus drunktweets! 
 
 
 Chopbook. 
 
 
 Add the Chop to your friend list. We like friendly friends. We like making new virtual friends. We swear we won't Farmville you to death. OK? 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 Leave a comment. 
 
 
 
 
 You can ask any waiter or waitress, verbal tipping is the best kind. Just don't call me Hon. 
 
 
 About them O's... 
 
 Camden Chat 
 Camden Crazies 
 Dempsey's Army 
 Eutaw Street Hooligans 
 I Hate JJ Redick 
 Oriole Post 
 Roar From 34 
 Roch's Blog 
 The Loss Column 
 Wayward Oriole 
 Weaver's Tantrum 
 
 
 
 Baltimore Blogs 
 
 Adventures in Baltimore Restaurants 
 Alligator 
 Atomic Bettie 
 Aural States 
 Baltimore Brew 
 Baltimore or Less 
 Baltimore Slumlord Watch 
 Beer In Baltimore 
 Beerinbaltimore.com 
 Blippitt 
 Bmore-Ridiculous 
 Bohs and O's 
 Charmed City 
 Cheshire Splat 
 Epiphany in Baltimore 
 Fitzbomb 
 Fonotopia Radio 
 Gutter 
 Insane Baltimore 
 Inverse Delirium Podcast 
 Mobtown Shank 
 Molly-tics! 
 MR. WRONG photoblog 
 New Glitterati 
 Pasta Primavera 
 The City That Breeds 
 Welcome to Baltimore, Hon 
 [shiny grey monotone] 
 
 
 
 Drinking Blogs 
 
 A Dash of Bitters 
 A History of Drinking 
 Alcademics 
 Art of Drink 
 Boozeblogger 
 Drinking Knoxville 
 Jeffrey Morganthaler 
 Le Mixeur 
 Modern Drunkard Magazine 
 NY Barfly 
 Post Prohibition 
 Thinking of Drinking 
 
 
 
 Other Blogs 
 
 1001 Rules for My Unborn Son 
 Blog Catalog 
 DEALBREAKER. 
 Magnificent Bastard 
 Money Under 30 
 Not a Girl, Not Yet a Wino 
 Social Primer 
 Style Blogger 
 The Art of Manliness 
 the impossible cool. 
 Wonkette 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Chop Knows All About: 
 
 
 
 
 art   Baltimore   baltimore city   Baltimore Events   Bars   bartending   Baseball   Beer   best bets   Books   Brunch   Camden Yards   Canton   Charles Village   Charm City Art Space   Chop Style   Christmas   Cocktails   date   Democrats   design   DIY   Double dagger   Downtown   Drinking   Drinking Liberally   Drinks   Fashion   Federal Hill   Fell's Point   Food   Free   furniture   Golden West   Hampden   Happy Hour   Highlandtown   Holidays   House Rules   Indie Rock   Joe Squared   Liberals   Liquor   Live Music   Maryland   Men's Fashion   men's style   Menswear   Metro Gallery   MICA   mixology   Mobbies   Mount Vernon   Music   Oriole Park   Orioles   Ottobar   Party   Politics   Progressives   Punk Rock   Remington   Republicans   Restaurants   shows   Sidebar   Sonar   Station North   Style   Summer   Thrill Jockey   Travel   Washington DC   Windup Space   Winter 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 A Day in the Life of the Chop  (46) 
 Baltimore Events  (150)
 
 Art Openings  (15) 
 Books and Literature  (7) 
 Comedy  (9) 
 Festivals  (5) 
 Film  (11) 
 Lecture  (3) 
 Other  (20) 
 Politics  (6) 
 Roller Derby  (3) 
 shows  (77) 
 Theater  (8) 
 
 
 Best Bets  (12) 
 Bi-Weekly Political Roundup  (23) 
 Chop on the Spot  (13) 
 Chop Rants!  (34) 
 Chop Style  (35) 
 Cocktails  (23) 
 DC Events  (6) 
 House Rules  (28) 
 Orioles Baseball  (15) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 World Travel  (11) 
 
 
 
 The Way Things Used To Be: 
 
 October 2011  (10) 
 September 2011  (8) 
 June 2011  (17) 
 May 2011  (31) 
 April 2011  (30) 
 March 2011  (23) 
 January 2011  (26) 
 December 2010  (31) 
 November 2010  (31) 
 October 2010  (28) 
 June 2010  (27) 
 May 2010  (32) 
 April 2010  (31) 
 March 2010  (34) 
 February 2010  (7) 
 December 2009  (1) 
 November 2009  (11) 
 October 2009  (5) 
 
 
 
 The Baltimore Chop  * 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
