Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Professional 
 Tasco Appliances 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Title:  Appliance Sales Professional, permanent full-time 
 Location:  Tasco Burlington, 1510 N Service Rd 
 We are an industry leading retailer focused on experiential selling and lifestyle solutions for the home. Our brand is synonymous with the premium market and our goal is to provide our customers with the finest experience possible and guide them through their vision, with our expertise, to a finished project. We are looking to add an experienced, driven and passionate professional to our high-performing team. 
 Our company culture at Tasco is best described as one of sophisticated comradery. We are founded on the idea of providing the best possible experience for our customers and believe that starts with the best possible experience for our Professional Associates. Having been in business for over 60 years, we pride ourselves on being the best and want to work with only the best. 
 Why Tasco Appliance? We provide: 
 - Paid offsite training for your career development 
 - Health, dental, vision benefits (family package included) 
 - Employee Assistance Program (counselling, nutritionist, legal/financial advice and more) 
 - Paid personal time off 
 - Employee purchase discounts – also available to your friends and family! 
 _  Must be available to work evenings and weekends. _ 
 Main Responsibilities Include: 
 
 Generate sales through personal contact with walk-in and or telephone customers, repeat customers and sales leads, presenting product models and explaining the modular process. 
 Work with customers in the store to deliver a high level of customer satisfaction, achieving targets and gross margin 
 Provide customer support and manage customer relationships 
 Ensure accuracy in all transactions, inventory, and procedures 
 Maintain a high level of product and service knowledge 
 Research products and keep abreast of new product offers and their associated technical details. 
 Gather and provide market and customer feedback on products, services, materials, and promotions 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Flexibility to work evenings and weekends a must 
 Strong ability to work in a commissioned-based role to close sales, up-sell and meet monthly sales targets in a professional manner 
 Excellent customer service skills, interpersonal, organizational and communication skills 
 Ability to work under pressure in fast paced environment 
 Experience in appliance sales preferred but not required 
 Strong computer skills to enter orders into the system and research appliance products 
 
 Tasco Appliances is dedicated to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). During the hiring process if you require accommodation for disability, please advise the Human Resources Department 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Discounted or free food 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Store discount 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 retail sales : 2 years (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
