Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ADMN O 21R - Curriculum Designer 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Curriculum Designer 
 Branch:  Culture and Employee Experience 
 Classification:  Administrative Officer R21 
 Salary Range:  $59,802.68 to $68,060.72 per annum 
 Competition:  PC20:47304 
 Closing Date:  December 9, 2020 
 Location:  Victoria, BC Canada. 
 Job Type:  Regular Full Time 
 Union/Excluded:  BCGEU 
 Criminal Record Check:  Required 
 Additional:  This position is located in Victoria, BC. Funding for relocation will not be provided. 
 Why work with us? 
 At BC Pension Corporation, we are committed to our people. We are an organization with wellbeing at its core; offering an outstanding workplace experience where all employees can achieve their full potential. Some highlights of what we offer include: 
 Flexible work schedules (mobility work, modified work weeks, job sharing, etc.) 
Competitive compensation 
Ongoing training and professional development opportunities 
Comprehensive extended health and dental benefits for you and your family 
Defined benefit pension program 
Health & wellness programs – lunchtime seminars, community health activities (yoga, kayaking, etc.) and a comprehensive Employee & Family Assistance Program 
 One in nine BC citizens is a member of one of the five pension plans we serve 
 To learn more about us and how you can be a part of a culture that encourages innovation, continuous improvement and a passion for delivering an outstanding customer experience, visit bcpensioncorp.ca 
 What is the opportunity? 
 We are currently seeking a Curriculum Designer to join our team in VICTORIA, British Columbia. 
 This position performs a diverse range of analytical, program development, administrative, and systems functions related to training and education. Working with various internal client groups it provides curriculum development and instructional design for the development of comprehensive web-based and instructor lead operational training solutions for corporation employees. 
 The Curriculum Designer functions in a dynamic and time-sensitive environment where the balance between educational rigor and short development times is a constant challenge. Working collaboratively with subject matter experts, this position will develop and/or coordinate the development of curriculum and will ensure that curriculum instructional approaches and assessment strategies are consistent and educationally valid. 
 The ideal candidate will have experience identifying training needs for technical subject matter and designing and developing eLearning using Articulate Storyline. If you have these skills, we want to hear from you! 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 Completion of a diploma or certificate in a training related discipline (curriculum development, instructional design, e-learning, etc.) or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience may be considered. 
A minimum of two (2) years’ experience identifying training needs and developing and designing curriculum for instructor led and technology based learning solutions. 
Experience using accepted instructional design principles and adult learning strategies and approaches. 
Experience working with managers and consultants in defining and meeting a wide range of learning needs. 
Experience working with complex, technical subject matter. 
Experience using web based tools/products/systems to develop and build e-learning materials and programs. 
 Nice-to-have 
 Experience with Articulate Storyline is preferred. 
 Interested in applying? 
 To learn more about the Curriculum Designer position, please review the job description at the bottom of this page. 
 Your resume must provide detailed information about your education and employment history in order to clearly demonstrate how you meet the job requirements as listed above. Please ensure your resume includes the month and year(s) for each job in your employment history as well as the job related responsibilities. 
 Important details 
 To apply: 
 Please apply through our career website:  https://bcpensioncorp.prevueaps.ca/jobs/ 
 Contact:  Human Resources 
 Email:  Jobs@pensionsbc.ca 
 If you are unable to access the links, please contact us by email at jobs@pensionsbc.ca . 
 Lesser qualified applicants may be appointed at a lower level. An eligibility list may be established. 
 Testing may be required. 
 We thank you for your interest in working with us. You will be informed of your status in this competition as soon as possible. 
 Applications will be accepted until 11:59pm PST on the closing date referenced above. Late applications will not be considered. 
 Diversity & Inclusion 
 BC Pension Corporation is an equal opportunity employer committed to establishing an inclusive, equitable, and accessible environment for all. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, age, sex, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or any other basis protected by applicable law. 
 We are committed to ensuring that reasonable accommodations are made available to persons with disabilities during the recruitment, assessment and selection processes and will provide reasonable accommodations upon request. If you require assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please email us at jobs@pensionsbc.ca . 
 We thank you for your interest in working with us. You will be informed of your status in this competition as soon as possible. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
