Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) 
 St. Joseph's Villa, Dundas 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 St. Joseph’s Villa Dundas is   currently seeking PERSONAL SUPPORT WORKERS to join our growing and dynamic team. We are looking for Pandemic Support along with permanent job opportunities. 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is one of Ontario’s largest and most innovative long term care homes. Located in historic downtown Dundas, we are proud to be the second largest organization in the St. Joseph’s Health System. Continuing the mission and legacy of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Hamilton, we are proud to serve our community. 
 We are the largest employer in Dundas. Our campus is conveniently located on a city bus route and offers free parking. We offer a range of challenging, rewarding careers and advancement opportunities for dedicated professionals in a health care environment. 
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Perform all duties in accordance with the Mission Statement, Organizational, Philosophy and administrative policies and standards of St. Joseph’s Villa. 
 · Provides or assists the Registered Nurse and Registered Practical Nurse with personal care of the residents as per position description. 
 · Ambulates, mobilizes and transfers residents according to care plan. 
 · Performs selected nursing duties as per position description. 
 · Participates in Continuous Quality Improvement activities in Nursing. 
 · Other related duties as assigned/required per position description. 
 FORMAL EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 
 · Grade 10 High School Education 
 · Community College Health Care Aide Diploma (or equivalent) 
 · Experience in long-term care facility or Community College Health Care Aide program, which included a supervised clinical component similar to that offered by Mohawk College. 
 Shifts: Days/Evenings/Nights 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Please note during this pandemic we ask employees to work in our home only. 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible working hours 
 Onsite Gym 
 Company pension 
 On-site parking 
 Employee assistance programs 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $0.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Employee assistance program 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Support Care: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Hamilton, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
