If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Fleet Feet St. Charles](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Saint Charles, MO 
 Share 
 
 
 $12.00 Hourly 
 
 
 Part Time / Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us! 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 Fleet Feet St. Louis  (FFSTL) is a locally-owned and locally-operated business whose core belief is that running changes lives. Our mission is to get people moving. For more than twenty-five years FFSTL has supported that mission by providing active St. Louisans with gear that fits their individual needs, training that helps them reach their fitness goals, and races that satisfy their competitive spirit. Our team currently consists of approximately sixty payrolled employees and a multitude of partners, consultants, and ambassadors. Our playing field includes our five retail locations, our two training studios, and running spots throughout St. Louis. In 2016 FFSTL was named Employer of the Year by the City of St. Charles. Fleet Feet was recently profiled in  Forbes  and our exciting partnership with Karhu was detailed in  Shape . 
 FFSTL is currently recruiting Outfitters (sales associates) who are passionate about fitness and the sport of running, highly motivated, and excited about quality merchandise. FFSTL Outfitters are retail employees responsible for delivering consistently excellent customer service and maintaining the store environment. In addition to learning about the top-quality gear we sell, outfitters are schooled in the in the areas of training, injury treatment and prevention, nutrition, and more. Oufitters report directly to their store's Retail Experience Manager. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 experience as a runner at any performance level 
 interest in building and growing St. Louis' running and fitness community 
 an ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing 
 the capability to learn and implement technology-based fitting and sales processes 
 ability to get up and down off the floor and lift boxes overhead 
 availability to work retail hours and holidays, as needed 
 a minimum of 2 years of college study 
 proficiency with US currency 
 authorization to work in the United States 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 401K for full and part time employees who reach 1,000 hours a year with employer matching 
 Full time employees are eligible for insurance benefits 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
