We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our  Cookie Policy . 
   
 
 Sign In 
 Create Account 
 Sign Out 
 My Account 
 
 Free Newsletter Sign-up 
 
 Sign In 
 Create Account 
 Sign Out 
 My Account 
 
 Subscribe Now 
 
 Companies 
 
 Associations/Agencies 
 Feed Companies 
 Grain Companies 
 Milling Companies 
 People 
 Suppliers 
 
 
 Business 
 
 Commodities 
 Financial Performance 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 Market Segments 
 
 
 Trends 
 
 Biotechnology 
 Safety 
 Transportation 
 Sustainability 
 Legislation 
 Health and Wellness 
 Trade 
 
 
 Operations 
 
 Flour Milling Equipment 
 Feed Milling Equipment 
 Grain Storage and Handling 
 
 
 Advertising 
 
 Media Guide 
 Reprints 
 
 
 Subscriptions 
 
 Magazines 
 Newsletters 
 
 
 More 
 
 Country Focus 
 Digital Editions 
 Directories 
 
 Manufacturers Directory 
 Grain & Milling Annual 
 
 
 Editorial Staff 
 Event Calendar 
 E-Zines 
 Grain Market Review 
 Multimedia 
 
 Slideshows 
 Videos 
 
 
 Newsletter Archives 
 Opinion 
 Store 
 Webinars 
 
 Active 
 Archives 
 
 
 Whitepapers 
 
 
 
 
 Home  » General Mills planning more job cuts 
 General Mills planning more job cuts 
 10.30.2015 
 By  Staff 
 
 
 MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA, U.S. — General Mills, Inc. has announced another round of job cuts as part of Project Century. Project Century originally was launched in fiscal 2015 as a review of the company’s North American manufacturing and distribution network to streamline operations and identify potential capacity reductions, but the program recently was expanded to identify opportunities outside of North America. 
 “As part of the expanded project, in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we notified employees and their representatives of the proposal, pending consultation, to close manufacturing facilities in our international segment supply chain located in Berwick, United Kingdom, and East Tamaki, New Zealand,” General Mills said in an Oct. 29 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The Berwick plant makes baking mixes and refrigerated and frozen dough products. It has been operated by General Mills since 2001. The East Tamaki plant makes fresh pasta, sauces and refrigerated soup products. 
 If implemented, General Mills said the actions would affect approximately 285 positions. The company said it expects to incur total restructuring charges of approximately $47 million to $52 million, including approximately $11 million of severance expense and $36 million to $41 million of other charges, primarily fixed asset write-offs. The expenses include cash charges of approximately $22 million, General Mills said. 
 Additionally, General Mills said it expects to record approximately $25 million to $30 million pre-tax of restructuring charges in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 In July, the company said it planned to save $285 million to $310 million in its 2016 fiscal year as a result of cost reductions. 
 The actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2017. 
 Companies   Milling Companies   General Mills 
 
 
 Related Articles 
 
 
 General Mills planning workforce reduction 
 General Mills to close two more facilities  
 General Mills adds more whole grains to cereals 
 General Mills: No more GMO-free products 
 GEAPS, KSU courses tackle trade, facilities planning and more 
 
 
 Related Events 
 
 
 IAOM Eurasia regional forum 
 Sign up for our free newsletters 
From daily reports on breaking news to weekly updates,  World Grain  has the grain, flour and feed industries covered. |   Subscribe 
---|--- 
 Subscribe to Our Newsletters 
 Current Issues 
 
 Popular Articles 
 
 
 China approves two GMO corn varieties for import 
 
 
 COVID-19 claims life of longtime grain industry figure 
 
 
 Corn, soybean futures reach six-year high 
 
 
 Oakley acquires American Milling grain terminal 
 
 
 Popular Galleries 
 
 
 
 Top stories of 2020 
 Highlights include the coronavirus pandemic, facility expansions, acquisitions and more. 
   
         
 
 Sosland Publishing 
 Editorial Staff 
 Magazine Subscriptions 
 Footer 
 Media Guide 
 Contact Us 
 
 (C)2021 SOSLAND PUBLISHING COMPANY Privacy Policy & Terms Of Use 
 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development ::  ePublishing 
 
 Bakemag.com 
 Bakingbusiness.com 
 Foodbusinessnews.net 
 Meatpoultry.com 
 Petfoodprocessing.net 
 Purchasingseminar.com 
 Soslandesource.com 
 Supermarketperimeter.com 
 
