Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Educational Assistant 
 Aurora Academic Charter School 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 School Context 
 Aurora Academic Charter Middle School is a Grade 5 to 9 public school. School enrollment is approximately 465 and class sizes range from 22 to 24. Aurora School is in the top five percent of Alberta Schools in academic achievement for the past 10 years. Please visit the school website at www.auroraschool.ca to learn more about the unique program offered at Aurora School. 
 Responsibilities and Duties 
 The Educational Assistant (EA) will be responsible for working with individuals and small groups of students to assist the students(s) with classroom routines, class work, and activities. 
 The EA will also assist the classroom teacher with preparing materials for the classroom and discussing activities and student achievement. 
 Availability: Monday to Friday from 8:15am to 3:45pm with lunch break. Tentative contract is from December 10 to March 19 with possibility of renewal to the end of June, 2021. 
 General Qualifications 
 
 
 Grade 12 or equivalent education; 
 
 
 Community Support Worker/Education Assistant Program certificate or equivalent post-secondary courses in child development and behaviour management; 
 
 
 Bachelor of Education would be an asset 
 
 
 strong knowledge and skills in Google Suite (Classroom, Meet, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Calendar) 
 
 
 Effective written and oral communication skills including the ability to relate to students, staff, parents, professionals and other members of the public; 
 
 
 Patience; 
 
 
 Ability to supervise students in instructional and non-instructional activities; 
 
 
 Ability to provide advice, guidance, instruction and directions to students; 
 
 
 Current First Aid and CPR courses or equivalent an asset 
 
 
 Experience with supporting online education would be considered an asset. 
 
 
 Cover letter, Resume, and at least three references, 
 
 
 Successful candidate will be asked to provide a police background with a vulnerable sector check and possibly a Teaching Certificate if you have one 
 
 
 Reference ID: EA MIDDLE 2020-21-02 
 Application Deadline: 2020-12-08 
 Expected Start Date: 2020-12-10 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $20.00-$22.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our staff as safe as possible we provide reusable masks, disposable gloves, sneeze guards, face shields, and unlimited sanitizer 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
