  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Social Media Manager 
 at FutureLearn Ltd 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 ABOUT THE ROLE 
 Come and help us transform global access to learning to build a better future. 2020 has been a revolutionary year; one where social media became a powerful resource for people all over the world to begin millions of meaningful journeys towards a more educated and empowered version of themselves. 
 Supporting the Head of Social Media you will form part of a high performance talent pool of enthusiastic and driven team members across all of our marketing functions to collaborate on our biggest growth initiatives each quarter. 
 You will work closely with the social media content creator to ensure the social content schedule is inspirational, impactful and effective; using insight, knowledge of social platforms, audience trends and learner objectives to craft content franchises, posts and an approach to community management that engages and entertains new and existing learners. 
 You will also work closely with the Paid Media Manager in the digital directorate to ensure creative briefs for the paid strategy are clear, on time and align with social platform and brand objectives. Your primary focus is re-engineering our social output to drive growth; ensuring we prioritise our social led initiatives and support for cross functional marketing initiatives by building communities and creating loops of social advocacy via content marketing and social best practise. 
 You will be proactive and detailed, seeking the best possible social outcome across paid, owned, earned and shared to drive our next stage of brand awareness and audience growth through advocacy. You will have a growth hacker mentality, exploring tactics and new opportunities across our priority platforms. You will be excited by the flexibility and ever changing environment of a global scale up culture, seeking to find creative and bold ways to connect with learners, brands and partners across the world via social. 
 ABOUT FUTURELEARN 
 Higher education is being rapidly disrupted by digitisation, globalisation and industry moving into the educational space. At the same time, people’s job security is at risk from rapidly evolving industries, robotics & AI, increasing demand for up-to-date technical, data, digital skills, and shorter job spans. Increasingly we are all transforming into lifelong learners, looking to upskill, reskill or entertain ourselves via effective educational content that provides quality, credentialed and recognised outcomes. In emerging markets the internet is accelerating this trend and opening up access to educational products from universities or institutions thousands of miles away, where previously cost, travel or admission requirements would have made study impossible. 
 FutureLearn was founded 8 years ago by The Open University, with the purpose of transforming access to education. Our mission is to ride the wave of these trends, and meet the needs of the professional lifelong learner across the globe. With new investment from the SEEK group, FutureLearn is now looking to expand globally, focusing on providing credible and valued lifelong learning pathways to professional learners, anywhere, any time from a mix of institutional and industry partners. 
 Requirements 
 As Social Media Manager you will drive our social media plans to achieve our quarterly growth targets and embed our marketplace strategy, including but not limited to: 
 
 Management of quarterly planning process and ownership of translating initiatives into social content schedule and/or Creative Studio briefs 
 Platforms overview, account management and responsibility for approach to community management 
 Close collaboration with Paid Media Manager, Social Content Creator and Creative Studio to ensure creative output meets briefs, objectives and drives overall ambitions for the channel 
 Establish day to day process, key performance milestones and reporting around monthly trading and quarterly objective cycles 
 Support Head of Social and Social Content Creator with rights management, agreements and contracts in a timely and organised manner 
 Task management support for Brand Marketing Lead across priority brand campaigns where social is lead channel 
 Constant optimisation of channel performance to ensure growth driven approach 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive salary 
 28 days holiday (plus 8 days public holiday) 
 Buy & sell up to 5 days holiday 
 Westfield Healthcare Cash Plan 
 Free access to Calm app 
 Dedicated personal learning & development budget 
 Charity day (volunteer for a charity of your choice) 
 Cycle to work scheme 
 Season Ticket loan 
 Flexible working environment/hours 
 Pension (4% employer / employee contribution) 
 Perkbox 
 
 APPLICATIONS 
 Please use our online form by pressing 'Apply for this job' below, including your CV. 
 This role will be fully remote whilst FutureLearn's office in Camden is closed. Once the office is open again this role will be a full time, office based role with a lot of flexibility to work remotely. 
 We can't wait to meet you! 
 DIVERSITY STATEMENT 
 We believe diversity matters and want to create an environment where that diversity can flourish. We encourage everyone to bring their whole self to work, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, race or disability. 
 COVID-19 
 We encourage freelancers and people who have been made redundant as a result of COVID-19 to apply for opportunities at FutureLearn. We believe that in these difficult times, good employers have to rise to the occasion and play their part in the community. At FutureLearn, we take care of each other. 
 Published at 26 Nov 2020 - Expires on 17 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  FutureLearn Ltd 
 fulltime  Paid Media Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __14-10-2020 
 fulltime  Social Media Content Creator  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-11-2020 
 fulltime  Technical Architect (Front-end)  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Software Engineer  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Information Security Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Partnership Manager, Industry Partners  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __02-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Consumer and Acquisition  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Learning and Supply  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Digital Product Designer  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
