Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Instructor, Writing Well & Grammar, Punctuation and Spelling, U of C Continuing Education 
 The University of Calgary 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Position Overview 
 University of Calgary Continuing Education (UCCE) houses one of Canada's largest and most successful continuing education departments. It is a multi-disciplinary unit offering diploma, certificate and non-degree programs in the classroom and online through technologies for course delivery. 
 In support of the University of Calgary's core principles and financial objectives, Continuing Education is an academic unit with a mandate to respond to the needs of the community through the design, development and delivery of high-quality lifelong learning opportunities. 
 Each year, UCCE serves over 20,000 adult learners and offers more than one thousand courses taught by hundreds of instructors—all experts in their fields. It is expected to fund, through revenue generation, the majority of its operational costs while contributing financially to the university. 
 The success of University of Calgary Continuing Education in meeting its business target in a competitive environment is dependent upon effectively serving students and by providing high-quality instruction and programs. 
 Position Description 
 University of Calgary Continuing Education is currently recruiting for an instructor (contract (term) position) to teach one or both of the following online courses WRI 113 Grammar, Punctuation and Spelling: A Quick Review and WRI 110 Writing Well. 
 These instructional positions are non-credit teaching appointments and, as such, are contract positions without benefits (other than those required by Employment Standards). 
 WRI 113 – Grammar, Punctuation and Spelling:  A Quick Review –Online Asynchronous Delivery 
 Offered fall, winter, spring and summer sessions, assignment to be determined. 
10-hour course over a three week period 
 Course Description 
Most of us learned the basic rules of grammar, punctuation and spelling in elementary school and have since forgotten many of these rules. Our digitized world also allows us to communicate without proper attention to good writing. 
A well-written document – in business and our personal lives – is a reflection of our attention to detail and can mean the difference between getting and keeping a job. In this short graded course we will review the basic rules of language and spelling, identify the proper use of punctuation, and focus on common mistakes and writing dilemmas, and how to avoid them. 
 Learning Outcomes – By completion of the course, successful students will be able to: 
 Define the basic rules of grammar, punctuation and spelling 
Demonstrate proper use of grammar, punctuation and spelling in your professional and personal writing 
Recognize commonly misspelled words 
Identify common grammatical and punctuation errors 
 WRI 110 Writing Well – Online Asynchronous Delivery 
 Offered fall, winter, spring and summer sessions, assignment to be determined. 
30-hour course over an eight week period 
 Course Description 
Writing is at the heart of professional, personal and creative communication, and is, therefore, a critical skill in many realms. To write well, you must be familiar with audience, purpose, tone and style as well as the mechanics of writing. Learn the essential skills to be successful at getting your intended message across to a variety of audiences through study, practice, peer and instructor feedback, and assignments. 
 Learning Outcomes – By completion of the course, successful students will be able to: 
 Identify and apply the steps in the writing process 
Identify audience and purpose and use that information to select an appropriate style and tone 
Express ideas clearly using clear and well-constructed sentences and paragraphs 
 Scope of Responsibilities (high level) 
 Create effective lessons plans, develop content, learning activities, presentations, assignments, evaluations, examinations. 
Utilize Desire2Learn (D2L) to facilitate asynchronous course delivery including all course materials, assignments and student communication. 
 Qualifications 
 Master’s degree is an asset. Communication, Writing, or Business Administration degrees or equivalent and extensive writing experience in a professional workplace are preferred. 
Previous teaching experience is essential; post-secondary teaching experience is preferred. 
Previous experience utilizing Learning Management Systems such as Desire2Learn, Zoom, Blackboard or Moodle, is preferred. 
Published author in any field is an asset. 
 Application Deadline:  November 30, 2020 
 We would like to thank all applicants in advance for submitting their resumes. Please note, only those candidates chosen to continue on through the selection process will be contacted. 
 The University of Calgary has launched an institution-wide Indigenous Strategy in line with the foundational goals of Eyes High, committing to creating a rich, vibrant, and culturally competent campus that welcomes and supports Indigenous Peoples, encourages Indigenous community partnerships, is inclusive of Indigenous perspectives in all that we do. 
 The University of Calgary believes that a respectful workplace, equal opportunity and building a diverse workforce contribute to the richness of the environment for teaching, learning and research, and provide faculty, staff, students and the public with a university that reflects the society it serves. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Calgary is Canada’s leading next-generation university – a living, growing and youthful institution that embraces change and opportunity with a can-do attitude. Located in the nation’s most enterprising city, the university is making tremendous progress on its Eyes High journey to become one of Canada’s top five research universities, grounded in innovative learning and teaching and fully integrated with the community it both serves and leads. Ranked as the top young university in Canada and North America, the University of Calgary inspires and supports discovery, creativity and innovation across all disciplines. For more information, visit ucalgary.ca. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
