
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Work Site Radio 
 
 Home 
 Brands 
 
 DEWALT 
 Bosch 
 Sangean 
 
 
 Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 
 Reviews of the BEST Work Site Radios 
 You are here:  Home  /  Brands  /  DEWALT  / DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 If you are searching for a great  jobsite radio  sometimes you don’t need to have loads of functions and a powerful speaker system. If you are after something that will just allow you to listen to your music in pretty much any setting whether that is at the jobsite, working indoors, or just something you can use around the house you may want to check out the  DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) . 
 We will walk you through the main features, tell you about the pros and cons of this Bluetooth speaker and we will also tell you what people are saying that have already purchased the  Dewalt DCR006 . 
 If you are in a hurry, you can  click here and go straight through to Amazon.com  where you will be able to check out the  DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)  and see all of the details as well as what people are saying about this speaker that have already purchased… 
 Click here to check out the DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) at Amazon.com… 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review: 
 What is it? 
 The  DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)  gives you a very small and mobile Bluetooth speaker that has been optimised to use around the jobsite. In fact, when you go  through to Amazon to check out the DCR006  - you have a few different options that you will be able to choose from: 
 You can purchase the DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)  on its own , or you can choose to  buy with a 20 V battery pack , the other option is to  purchase with the cordless starter kit . 
 This means that if you are after a small speaker but you are put off because it lacks some of the features of the other  DeWalt jobsite radios , you don’t need to worry as you will be able to purchase with the battery pack or the cordless starter kit depending on your needs. 
 The main emphasis of this jobsite radio is the Bluetooth function that will give you a 100 ft range. 
 It is also very compact to give you improved portability and storage and it comes with rubber over mold and feet which means that it will not slip and will stay in place despite its small size. 
 Who Should Buy The DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)? 
 This is a perfect jobsite speaker if you are after the Bluetooth function. Let’s say that you have all your music on a streaming service such as Spotify or iTunes and you just want something that will give you very good sound that you can connect your cell phone too. 
 This would be a perfect choice, while it does not come with loads of features like some of the other  DeWalt radios  it does come with different options that you are able to buy if you want to have the cordless starter kit or the battery pack, so you don’t really miss out on them if you need them. 
 The price difference is also not too bad, so opting in for those other features such as the battery charger and the cordless starter kit will not break the bank. 
 Main Features of the DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) At A Glance: 
 
 AC/DC Powered 
 Bluetooth 4.0 
 AC /DC USB power and Aux Ports 
 Compact size for improved portability and storage 
 Runs off DEWALT 12V/20V MAX battery packs 
 Up to 100 feet range 
 Rubber overmold and feet 
 
 The  DEWALT DCR006 Bluetooth speaker  gives you an emphasis on improved portability and storage, so you will have no problem taking this with you anywhere. If you are short on space or even if you do not fancy having to carry a  heavy jobsite radio  around with you or in the van, this is a fantastic choice. 
 The speaker itself can be powered with a standard wall outlet and you are also able to run this off DEWALT battery packs. If you have a lot of  DEWALT tools  this may be a good choice because you will currently have some battery packs that you could use to power the Bluetooth speaker if you wanted to. 
 The  DCR006  also gives you the latest Bluetooth technology which is 4.0, this means that it will use less battery off of your cell phone when you are using the Bluetooth and you should find that the range it gives you will be around a 100 feet. 
 The speaker also has AC/DC, USB power & aux ports so it is very versatile on both what you used to power the speaker and how you decide to do that. 
 The speaker also gives you rubber overmold feet to make it more durable. This also will make sure that it stays in the same spot and does not blow away when you are working outside on the construction site. 
 
 Verdict: 
 The  DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)  is perfect if you’re looking for something that will allow you to listen to music, but you do not need loads of features or a larger radio. 
 Simplicity is the main plus point with the  DCR006  - all you need to do is connect it to a Bluetooth compatible device such as your cell phone, select the music you want to listen to, and you are ready to go! 
 Of course, you will not get the same noise level that a jobsite radio like the  DEWALT DCR015  or the  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box  but for a small Bluetooth speaker you will find the noise level more than adequate. 
 With three different options that you can select from whether you are going just for the Bluetooth speaker, ordering an extra 20 V battery pack, or you need it with the cordless starter kit - this will give you a fantastic choice to use anywhere both at home or on the construction site. 
 Click here to check out the DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) at Amazon.com… 
 Sale 
   
  DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006)  
 
 Compact Size For Improved Portability & Storage 
 Up To 100ft Range 
 Rubber Over mold & Feet 
 Maximum initial battery voltage (measured without a workload) is 20 volts. Nominal voltage is 18 
 
 −$39.05 $59.95 
 Buy on Amazon 
 Customer Opinion: 
 One of the best things about Amazon is that you will be able to  see the customer reviews and most of them are verified buyers of the product . 
 This gives you a real insight into the pros and cons of the product, this Bluetooth speaker has been rated 3.7 out of 5 stars, so most people are very happy with their purchase. 
 For a brief overview of the different ratings that people left, here are the three main areas that people mentioned and the different ratings: 
 Battery Life = 4.5/5 
 Sound Quality= 3.7/5 
 Value For Money = 3.6/5 
 A couple of people mentioned that it wasn’t loud enough for them, we do recommend checking out the reviews however as a Bluetooth speaker like this will never rival a full-size jobsite radio. 
 If you want to get the  loudest jobsite radio  , we recommend checking out the  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box . 
 Most people were very happy with how sturdy this little Bluetooth speaker is and how it was able to handle all the debris of a jobsite. 
 You will also find that most people did not have a problem with the connectivity when using Bluetooth. 
 Click here to check out the DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) at Amazon.com… 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Categories 
 
 Bosch 
 Brands 
 DEWALT 
 Sangean 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio – Best Small Worksite Radio? 
 DEWALT DWST08810 ToughSystem Music Player with Charger Review 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 *  eleven40 Pro  On  Genesis Framework  *  WordPress  *  Log in 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
