
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Northern Pulp receives remaining $13.7M from defunct Jobs Fund 
 October 5, 2015 
 By: CBC News 
 The Nova Scotia government is making its final $13.7-million disbursement to Northern Pulp under a provincial funding program that no longer exists. 
 In April 2013, the previous NDP government granted the Pictou County pulp and paper mill loans and incentives worth $21.7 million under the now defunct Nova Scotia Jobs Fund. According to the current Liberal government, the money was aimed to help the company improve air quality and efficiency. 
 The final disbursement of that money was announced Friday, and includes $12 million for a precipitator and $1.7 million for natural gas conversion. The government says Northern Pulp has met purchasing and commissioning conditions laid out by the agreement. 
 This comes even as Northern Pulp and the province are in a battle over the mill's industrial approval. The company has taken the government to court, arguing new environmental conditions are virtually impossible to meet. 
 The mill had also been granted money under two previous Jobs Fund agreements: $15 million for working capital in 2009 and $75 million for land purchase in 2010. 
 According to the province, all money promised to the mill under the previous Jobs Fund agreement — totalling $111.7 million — has now been fully dispersed. 
 By:  CBC News 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
