Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Loss Prevention Agent 
 Sephora 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job ID:  180666 
 Location:  ON-Oshawa (0572) 
 Address:  419 Kings Street West, Oshawa, ON L1J 2K5, Canada (CA) 
 Full Time/Part Time:  Full Time 
 Position Type:  Regular 
 The Loss Prevention Agent protects the assets of a store against theft, and works with the Leadership team to maintain operational controls to reduce shortage. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Loss Prevention 
Provide friendly, professional and knowledgeable service to clients as needed. 
Conduct surveillance on the sales floor, as well as utilizing the CCTV system, to identify, observe, and apprehend or deter individuals from committing external theft(s). 
Adhere to all laws and SEPHORA policies concerning apprehensions, search and seizure and the preservation of evidence. 
Prepare reports relative to any theft incidents, merchandise recoveries, accident investigations and audits. 
Develop and maintain a professional relationship with all internal partners, local law enforcement agencies, mall security and other retailers. 
Testify in court on behalf of the company, in any case, criminal or civil, to which the Agent is summoned. 
Provide new hire and continuous employee trainings to maintain store loss prevention awareness. 
Operations 
Conduct store self-audits, checklists and safety inspections. Communicate findings to store Leadership team and District Loss Prevention Manager. 
Assist store Leadership team with inventory preparation and process. 
Partner with stores and DLPM in the development and execution of shrinkage prevention plans. 
 EXPECTED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
1 year of asset protection/loss prevention experience in a retail environment. 
Satisfy and maintain all licensing requirements (as required by province or local jurisdiction). 
Possess strong written, verbal, interviewing, listening and interpersonal communication skills. 
Ability to maintain composure and provide effective coaching in the moment on loss prevention techniques. 
Proficiency in Windows, Word and Excel is desirable. 
A High School graduate or equivalent. 
Availability to work flexible hours and days, including evenings, weekends, and holidays is essential. 
Availability to work at multiples locations within a market. 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Physical Requirements: 
Work in a fragrance filled environment. 
Lift and carry up to 50 pounds. 
Bend and stretch to stock shelves. 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
Owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the world's leading luxury goods group, Sephora is highly regarded as a beauty trailblazer, thanks to its unparalleled assortment of prestige products, unbiased service from experts, interactive shopping environment, and innovation. 
 Sephora stores - Sephora operates approximately 1,900 stores in 29 countries worldwide, with an expanding base of over 360 stores across North America. Sephora opened its first U.S. store in New York in 1998, its first Canadian store in Toronto in 2004. Sephora's North American headquarters is located in San Francisco, with corporate offices in New York, Montreal and Toronto. 
Sephora.com - Launched in the U.S. in 1999 and Canada in 2003, the foremost beauty site on the Internet is also Sephora's largest North American store in terms of sales and selection of products and brands. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
