Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 14 Sep  2012 
 Full-Time Sales Development Representative - Tealeaf Technology 
 IBM  -  Uusimaa  , Finland 
 Job Description 
 IBM Software Group (SWG) is almost a company in its own right, the second largest software business in the world. It has around 37,000 employees, the world’s largest direct software sales force of 10,000, 30 software labs, 24 on demand software centres and 14,000 employees dedicated to open software technologies. IBM Software Group offers the on demand operating infrastructure environment with a wide range of middleware for all types of computing platforms, allowing customers to take full advantage of the on demand era. SWG supports the hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide who rely on IBM mainframes, mid-range processors, personal computers and global networks to conduct e-commerce, collaboration and content hosting. 
 Tealeaf Technology (an IBM company) is a recognized leader in Customer Experience Management with world-class clients that read as a who's-who of Internet commerce in Financial Services, Retail, Manufacturing and Travel. Tealeaf CX Solutions enable companies to ensure the success of their customer’s Web or Mobile interactions, which is enabled by Tealeaf’s unmatched visibility into the real-time customer experience. 
 The primary goal of the Sales Development Representative (SDR) is to increase qualified pipeline for the sales organization. This individual is responsible for identifying new opportunities for Tealeaf solutions, with the goal of providing an equal number of qualified meetings to each of their assigned Field Sales reps. The SDR will accomplish this by (1) initiating contact with senior level executives at Fortune 2000 companies doing business online, (2) qualifying marketing generated leads, and (3) coordinating with their Field sales counterparts on a regular basis. Based on these activities, the SDR will determine the accounts that require research and prospecting activities in order to set qualified face-to-face, phone or web appointments. An implicit responsibility of the SDR is to conduct business dealings in a way that creates a superior prospect experience that will set the stage for a meeting for the Field rep, as well as future product sales for Tealeaf. 
 Job Description/Responsibilities: 
 
 Achieve quota for number of Qualified Meetings per month with Director/VP/and C-level decision makers. 
 Providing lead generation for the sales team, building a pipeline for the sales team 
 Follow-up on inbound leads and proactively make outbound calls into Fortune 2000 target accounts who conduct online business. 
 Get an understanding of prospect’s online projects, assess the prospect's needs and explain how Tealeaf solutions can improve customer experience. Once the prospect has been qualified, schedule Qualified Meetings for the Field sales organization to begin their sales process. 
 Utilize a consistent contact attempt process to follow-up, nurture, and qualify leads generated by marketing campaigns. 
 Provide feedback and recommendations on marketing efforts based on direct experiences with potential clients. 
 Work closely with Field Reps to develop and conduct proactive outbound calling strategies to penetrate target accounts. Research accounts, identify key players, generate interest, and successfully manage and overcome prospect objections in order to secure Qualified Meetings. 
 Develop and maintain territory and daily plans to maximize and leverage phone time, including pre-call planning, adhering to territory hours and metrics, and customizing scripts to market segments and prospect type. 
 Manage a lead prospecting pipeline within the Tealeaf sales database and maintain accurate information about suspects, prospects, and their companies. 
 Participate in company meetings and marketing events. 
 Work with other members of your regional team and the Tealeaf organization to ensure overall team success. 
 Keep up with industry trends and best practices, including utilization of new technology and web resources. 
 
 Required 
 
 Telephone sales experience : Mastered 
 Written and verbal communication in English and at least one other european language : Mastered 
 English: Fluent 
 
 Preferred 
 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 Italian : Fluent 
 Spanish : Fluent 
 French : Fluent 
 Finnish : Fluent 
 
 Additional information 
 We are looking for someone who has the ability ability to interface with internal and external people. 
 
 Organized, energetic, sales focused. 
 Target driven & goal orientated 
 Energetic & with a proven ability to exceed targets set by the business 
 
 IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Finance Jobs in Finland ,  Office Jobs in Finland , and  Other Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 5115 total views, 2 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 23 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Service Manager- End User Support Services 
Location
 Central Finland  Finland
Date Posted
 27 Jan  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Executive Assistant 
Location
 Porvoo  FI
Date Posted
 3 Jun  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 5 Best Expat Jobs Around The World 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
