
 
 ACADEMY LOGIN 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 
 CONTACT 
 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 
 
 HOME 
 ABOUT
 
 About the Company 
 About the Method 
 About Sam Carpenter 
 About Josh Fonger 
 
 
 THE BOOK
 
 Synopsis 
 Buy the Hard Cover Book 
 Free Book 
 FAQ 
 Transformation 
 
 
 SERVICES
 
 WTS Mastery Club 
 Systemize to Thrive 
 1-on-1 Coaching 
 Done For You 
 Certified Business Systems Manager Program 
 Certified Business Systems Professionals Program 
 
 
 RESOURCES
 
 Podcasts 
 Documentation Software 
 WTS Certified Business Systems Professionals Directory 
 Work The System Method 
 Affiliate Program 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 Sales Development Representative (SDR) 
 Sales Development Representative (SDR) 
 This position has a base salary paid for on the job training. The base salary is higher than national average for minimum wage. Once you are trained you are expected to earn commissions and there is no cap of the amount of commission you can earn. 
 This is an independent contractor role working a minimum of 30 hours a week. 
 Work The System is looking for a motivated and talented Sales Development Representative (SDR) to join our growing team. Your primary responsibility is to help turn leads into qualified opportunities by partnering with marketing and sales to create and execute on program and outbound lead generation campaigns. This position requires heavy outbound phone calling, qualification, consultative selling skills and tight collaboration with the Account Executive(AE) to generate new opportunities. The SDR will be expected to report on qualification and call activity and stay thoroughly informed on all products and the coaching and consulting industry in general. 
 This is not a silo position. We want a collaborative and energetic individual that can contribute to the sales and marketing teams, work in a dynamic environment, deliver messaging and product feedback back into the marketing and product organization and work proactively to drive overall sales performance. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Develop opportunities for the sales team from prospecting and marketing generated leads 
 Interact with prospects via telephone and email with a high attention to detail 
 Consistently achieve qualified opportunity quotas to ensure territory revenue objectives 
 Develop and execute on a strong prospecting plan of attack, including email and call scripts 
 Track all relevant qualification and lead management activity using Pipedrive 
 Quickly learn the product, effectively communicate the value proposition and be able to react to objections and competitive questions 
 Research accounts, identify key players, generate interest and develop accounts to stimulate opportunities 
 Disseminate opportunities to appropriate AE, educating rep as necessary about the opportunity 
 
 Requirements 
 
 2-3 years of proven excellence in business development, inside sales and/or sales 
 Experience using Pipedrive or comparable CRM strongly desired 
 Experience in the coaching, consulting and/or high ticket sales industry would be a strong plus 
 Strong understanding of SDR and lead development best practices and procedures 
 Proven ability to perform successfully given low oversight and limited process 
 100% reliable and detail-oriented. A drive to execute flawlessly. 
 Positive can-do attitude and tireless work ethic. Driven and self-sufficient. 
 Must live and breathe startups with broad responsibilities, crazy busy, dynamic environment, lots of responsibility and lots of fun 
 
 Interested? Take the next step to become a part of our great culture – apply now. 
 
 
 Firstname* 
 
 
 Lastname* 
 
 
 Email Address* 
 
 
 Contact Number* 
 
 
 Position Applying For* 
 
 
 Cover Letter* 
 
 
 Samples of your work* 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 
 Accepted file types: doc, docx, pdf, txt, rtf, csv, png, jpg. 
 
 How did you hear about this position? 
 
 Back to Careers 
 About us 
 About the Method 
 About Sam Carpenter 
 About Josh Fonger 
 The Book 
 Synopsis 
 Hardcover Book 
 Free Book 
 Case Studies 
 Interviews 
 FAQ 
 Transformation 
 Services 
 Systemize To Thrive 
 1-on-1 Coaching 
 "Done for you" Systemization 
  WTS Mastery Club 
 Remote Consulting 
 CBSM Program 
 CBSP Program 
 Resources 
 Podcasts 
 Work the System Method 
 Affiliate Program 
 COPYRIGHT (C) 2021. WORK THE SYSTEM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 
 
 RSS 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Instagram 
 YouTube 
 
 STT Webinar 
 Content 
 CLOSE 
 Book Josh 
 
 
 First Name* 
 
 
 Last Name* 
 
 
 Contact Email Address* 
 
 
 Company* 
 
 
 Name of Event* 
 
 
 Name of Host* 
 
 
 Date and Time of Event 
 
 
 Date Format: MM slash DD slash YYYY 
 
 
 Time 
 
 
 :  HH 
 MM 
 AM PM 
 
 CAPTCHA 
 
