Skip to content 
 
 Communications, Motivation And NLP Resources 
 Innergize … inspire, engage, energize! 
   
 Tag: job fit 
 Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 5 
 Difference ways of relating at work  ** 
** In part 4 of this series we looked at Sam's perceptual filters for tackling tasks and getting things done at work - his need for procedures, tangible  things  and details. 
 Now let's decode the filters Sam's boss Roger uses to achieve results at work - his passion for options and preference for working with general concepts rather than concrete details. Once again think of decoding the subtext of language and other unconscious behaviours. (See part 4.) 
 
 Decoding non-verbal behaviour 
Roger usually drives with one hand on the steering wheel and a blackberry device in the other. At the same time he'll be carrying on a conversation using one of his  many  cell phones. Hands-free, of course. On the scale of his career, he's the consummate multi-tasker! Juggling several projects at once gives him the variety he craves and the freedom to enjoy it. And that's a clue signaling Roger's passion for spontaneity and creating options, choices, alternatives. 
 Another  **** tip off  ** 
** Taking Roger through a methodical discussion leading to a final decision is impossible. He jumps from topic to seemingly  unconnected  topic, interrupting the flow of conversation. Making leaps of logic and generally racing ahead to insightful conclusions. 
 No decision is ever final. He can change his mind and his plans in an instant, and numerous times. Yet Roger intuitively knows when ideas will jell. He makes brilliant connections because he thinks in not just big, but  huge  pictures. 
 In addition to options, those behaviour patterns signal a resistance to procedural activities and a preference for thinking in very general terms. (And Roger does prefer leaving the details to others.) 
 
 **Decoding language - structure and process 
**The words Roger uses reveal more. He peppers his language with phrases like ‘creating alternatives,' using ‘multiple approaches,' having ‘the freedom to choose' and keeping his ‘options open.' He talks of ideas and concepts like ‘taking advantage of opportunities,' ‘getting people on board' and ‘high impact results.' Intangible and general terms rather than concrete ‘things,' you can see, hear, do and measure. And the details are conspicuous by their absence. 
 A mis-match of filters 
Roger and Sam are polar opposites in the way they filter information and function at work. So it's little wonder they find it less than easy to communicate. It also explains why Sam is struggling to fit the role Roger expects him to fill. 
 While there is no one right or best way to filter information, the key to motivation and productivity is to match people with jobs where core competencies and essential tasks fit their natural way of filtering information. They in turn will be able to function in ways that meet your criteria for success. 
 Author   innergize Posted on  February 4, 2008August 20, 2008 Categories  communications ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  non-verbal communications ,  unconscious Tags  difficult boss ,  job fit ,  meta programs ,  motivation ,  productivity ,  unconscious behaviour Leave a comment on Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 5 
 Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 3 
 Did I mention this was Practitioner season? After the first of three ‘Thursday to Sunday’ Practitioner Certification weekends, followed by two Breakthrough Coaching Sessions, I went directly to toasted … totally toasted! 
 So apologies if you've been looking for the follow-up to this decoding exercise and now … back to  Sam  and  Roger . And while there is bound to be a little lost in my translation of their stories, there are enough clues and insights to make the exercise worthwhile. 
 The words  Sam  and  Roger  used during our conversations provided enough unconscious clues to predict their default behaviours while working. 
 Sam  speaks of being confused, struggling, hands on, concrete, stuck, frustrated; his comfort with things and tangible tasks; and discomfort with ambiguity. 
 This language is a pretty good indication that he focuses on things rather than people or ideas, learns by doing and hands-on experience, and is currently in an unresourceful state (into his feelings) because of the absence of sensory based data. 
 Sam  also talks about managing processes, but not knowing how to get started, says show him what to do and he'll do it. My notes from our conversation included “needing to see my development, progress, completion of a project." 
 The subtext of these words indicates that  Sam  will be good at maintaining processes and procedures, but when an existing process stops working or a new procedure is called for, it's unlikely he will be able to develop one on his own. 
 Roger  talks about being an idea man, creating opportunities and concepts, juggling totally different projects, language that indicates he will use his ability to create options and alternatives, is someone who will challenge the status quo, change the system, change his mind frequently and will resist following procedures. 
 He also talks of being impatient with the detail needed to bring intangeble ideas into concrete form, preferring to have others guide that process. And says he wants an assistant who is comfortable with ambiguities and can create and follow processes that will identify the best opportunities and move them forward. 
 What  Roger  is saying here, is the key to finding an assistant with the best fit for the job. This person must be flexible enough to see the big picture  and  deal with detail. As well, they will be good at developing procedures as needed, and managing multiple projects through an evaluation process. Then letting go … seeing the best turned over to others for execution. 
_ 
Roger_ is brilliant at creating ideas and concepts. He will need an assistant who is equally brilliant at seeing the potential of his ideas  and  bringing order and process to the party so that those ideas are realized. 
 Author   innergize Posted on  October 9, 2007January 23, 2008 Categories  coaching ,  communications ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  non-verbal communications ,  unconscious Tags  hiring ,  interviewing ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  non-verbal ,  retention ,  unconscious Leave a comment on Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 3 
 Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 2 
 **Difficult boss or miss-match of needs? 
**Let's talk about  Roger  for a minute, the man  Sam  was working for as a personal assistant.  Roger  usually juggles five or six totally different business projects at once. He jumps from one to another like lightning on a hot summer night! __ 
 Roger  is an idea person. Creative, perceptive, with a gift for seeing connections and hidden potential. He wants to deal with the big picture and has little time or patience for the detail work needed bring ideas into concrete form. 
 What Roger needs in an assistant is someone who can organize the different business concepts he creates into a cohesive, structured process for investigating the best opportunities and moving them forward. 
 The person who takes on this role will need to be comfortable with ambiguity and figuring things out 'on-the-fly.' Capable of developing and managing processes to bring intangible concepts into form. 
 In will require both seeing the really big picture – I'm thinking from 30,000 feet – and digging into detail, doing the research to screen out unsuitable ideas. 
And since worthy projects will be handed off to others, job satisfaction will come from simply  knowing  that you've contributed. Because it's a changing game and there will be little in the way of concrete evidence of work completed. 
 **Decoding unconscious communications 
**Voice inflections, changes in breathing, facial colour and other subtle non-verbal cues guided my conversations with Sam and Roger, telling me when I was getting close to something really important and when to probe a little deeper. The structure of their language and choice of words provided a blueprint for how they process information and function when they are in ‘work mode’ or on-the-job. 
 **Words have a subtext 
**Now we're getting to the unconscious part of language. Decoding the structure and process of the words people use – unconsciously – in casual conversation is is an accurate predictor of how people will respond in specific situations – their default settings for acting, or not acting. Usually more accurate than paper or computer based profiling, because it is based on unconscious responses. 
 ** 
Here 's a decoding opportunity for you 
**When you have a few minutes to play, go back and read Unconscious Communications And Job Fit – part 1, noticing language, the specific words used to describe  Sam . (I used his own words for the description.) 
 Now, compare the language used above to describe  Roger.  What differences can you identify? Exclude the paragraph beginning 'what R  oger  needs,' for now. And stay tuned for the next post where the language will be explained, unpacked or decoded, your choice, so you can see the implications for default behaviour. I'll also finish the story of  Sam  and  Roger  …. 
 Author   innergize Posted on  September 25, 2007January 23, 2008 Categories  communications ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  non-verbal communications Tags  decoding language ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  non-verbal ,  unconscious communication Leave a comment on Unconscious Communication And Job Fit - Part 2 
 Unconscious Communications And Job Fit - Part 1 
 Right person wrong job 
Several weeks ago I was asked if I could help a new employee and his boss work more effectively together. What fell out of the coaching process was that the real issue was job-fit. 
 We all want the satisfaction of feeling like we're contributing, being appreciated and valued for our personal qualities. So when our default settings for how we function – approach tasks, process information, what we notice and focus on and how we interact with others – are unsuited to the job, motivation plummets along with our sense of self worth. Low productivity and high stress levels follow. 
 In this case the employee and his boss were both doing all they could to make the relationship work. Now you may be wondering what this has to do with decoding non-verbal communications, but stay with me and we'll get to that.  (The following details have been altered just enough to preserve the privacy of all parties.) 
 _ 
Sam_ had been in his new job less than three weeks, but there were already cracks showing in the relationship with his boss. It was decided I would observe a series of out of town meetings  Sam  and his boss  Roger  were attending. Managing sales teams for a number of years taught me how valuable 'drive time' can be for discussing sensitive issues, so I arranged to travel with  Sam . 
 During the drive  to  the meetings it became clear that  Sam  was confused about what was expected of him and struggling to please the man he worked for. Not a pleasant place to be! The reasons for his discomfort also began to surface. 
 **What unconscious communication revealed … 
**Sam came from a industry where the job focus was on producing products. A few questions revealed that he functions best with things, concrete facts and tangible results. He is not comfortable with concepts and ideas, intangibles and ambiguity. 
 While good at managing processes, Sam is not good at developing them. Show him what needs to be done and he'll do it. Ask him to figure out a new way and chances are unless he has a previous frame of reference, he won't know how to get started. He'll literally be stuck. And frustrated. 
 To function well, Sam needs to be able to see, hear and have tangible sensory experiences of the work he does. Sensory based evidence is how he knows what is working and what needs improvement. 
 Sam 's  boss, a man I'll call  Roger  , was also feeling the strain of having to explain what he saw as a straight forward request several times. I already knew  Roger  quite well and his communication style is anything but straight forward. He has unique needs. Up next,  Roger 's  needs and the decoding that resolved this relationship. 
 Author   innergize Posted on  September 21, 2007August 20, 2008 Categories  coaching ,  communications ,  job fit ,  motivation ,  sales ,  unconscious Tags  job fit ,  unconscious communications Leave a comment on Unconscious Communications And Job Fit - Part 1 
 The Gap Between Knowing And Doing 
 The previous post suggested that most people already have a wealth of knowledge that if applied, would make them more successful. The real question becomes what prevents us from doing what we know? Using our knowledge consistently? While answers may seem as unique as each of us, there are some themes. 
 Take my friend Paul who faithfully followed techniques recommend in the current  success literature  (media really.) This new and improved version of positive thinking adds emotions as a critical part of the mix. 
 All well and good. But as time passed Paul failed to make any progress in his life. Even though he was working harder, he said it felt like taking one step forward, two steps back. Know the feeling? 
 Insights  f  rom  n  euro-science 
Doctors Joseph le Doux and Antonio Damasio, are respected neuro scientists working to understand how the brain processess emotions. They now estimate that up to 95% of our emotions, decisions and behaviours are the result of unconscious mental processing. Think about that. Emotions, decisions, behaviours, running automatically without our conscious rational thinking. 
 One step forward, two steps back 
Back to Paul who was using his new positive thinking + feeling techniques to achieve a very specific goal. Here's what a couple of questions revealed: 
 
 Although Paul had the skills to achieve his goal and knew others less knowlegeable who were succeeding, he still wasn't sure it was possible for him. 
 He wanted to believe it, wished it was possible, but just wasn't sure. 
 The more he effort he made to move forward, the more stumbling blocks he seemed to find. The harder it was. 
 
 **The fix 
**Once we discovered his lack of conviction, a fear lurking behind a wish, we used NLP to make the change. Paul was able to unplug the fear, neutralize it and reconnect to a strong inner belief in himself that fully supported his goal. 
 We didn't waste any time trying to figure out what caused Paul's lack of conviction. We simply updated his belief using a technique for working with the unconscious mind. Neuro linguistic programming (NLP) has been teaching people how to work with their own unconscious mind for over 30 years, long before many would even acknowledge the concept. 
 Today Paul is seeing the results of efforts, he's working smarter, has more energy and says he's having more fun too! 
 Tomorrow …. another theme, one that can cause you to to spin your wheels between competing priorities. 
 Author   innergize Posted on  August 27, 2007January 20, 2008 Categories  beliefs ,  coaching ,  motivation ,  NLP Tags  job fit ,  knowing doing gap ,  motivation ,  NLP Leave a comment on The Gap Between Knowing And Doing 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Perceptual Filters - a question and a story 
 Beliefs Affect Results 
 Your Emotions … Your Perception 
 Making 2010 your best year yet 
 Recognizing Hidden Opportunities 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Foran Financial Institute 
 Innergize Training 
 The Plastic Spork 
 Watts Up With That 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Categories 
 
 accelerated learning 
 beliefs 
 Blogroll 
 Breakthrough Coaching 
 coaching 
 communications 
 goals 
 influencing 
 job fit 
 leadership 
 Learning NLP 
 motivation 
 NLP 
 non-verbal communications 
 research in consumer behaviour 
 sales 
 Uncategorized 
 unconscious 
 
 Search for: Search 
 Communications, Motivation And NLP Resources   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
