Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Casual Bus Driver 
 School District #75 (Mission) 
 __Mission, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Applications now being accepted for CASUAL BUS DRIVERS 
 Mission Public Schools is located in the heart of the Fraser Valley and proudly serves 6, 000 students and 1,000 staff. 
 Reporting to the Transportation Manager and under the direction of the Transportation Foreman, the Bus Driver provides transportation of students while obeying traffic and safety regulations while driving in a variety of road and weather conditions. Work is generally of a routine nature with established routes, however, additional trips, both within and outside the school district, occur. 
 The Bus Driver works independently with unusual circumstances referred to the Transportation Foreman and also when appropriate, the School Administrator on matters related to student behaviour. The work has well defined operating procedures, methods and limits established by law, the School Board and departmental policy, including those for dealing with inappropriate student behaviour. Unusual circumstances are referred to the Transportation Manager and also when appropriate, the School Administrator on matters related to student behaviour. 
 Duties include: 
Drives a bus in order to transport students from designated pick-up and delivery locations, both routine and special (e.g. field trips, sporting events, etc.) 
 Conduct daily inspections of the vehicle, prior to operation, to check the safety of basic mechanical features, as per departmental policy. Maintains vehicle's fluids such as fuel, engine oil, coolant, etc. at the correct levels 
 Sweep interior of bus daily and ensure tidiness 
 Explains to regular passengers basic safety items such as safe operation of windows; and the use/location of emergency exits, fire extinguishers and first aid kit 
 Maintains order and adherence to safety rules among students during transport and when boarding and leaving bus, following School District and departmental regulations. 
 Sweeps the interior of the bus daily and ensures its general tidiness 
 Bus washing as directed 
 Report any mechanical problems as soon as possible to supervisor or designate 
 assists handicapped or wheelchair-confined students in getting on and off the bus, and secures their seating for transport 
 Following departmental guidelines reports any incident/accident involving bus or students to the Transportation Supervisor as soon as possible 
 Completes basic records and reports related to inspections, student behavior, etc. 
 Maintains professionalism, ethical behavior and confidentiality 
 Performs other related duties as may reasonably be expected of a person in this position 
 Required Qualifications 
 Secondary school graduation 
 Valid B.C. Class 2 driver’s license with an Air Endorsement with a safe driving record; a driver’s abstract to be provided annually 
 Emergency First Aid Ticket 
 Required Experience 
 A minimum of three (3) months’ experience in a similar role 
 Required Skills and Abilities 
 Thorough knowledge of the rules of safe operation and safety precautions to be taken when driving and school buses 
 Sufficient physical strength to lift materials and equipment, ability to carry out safe working practices including the ability to use appropriate lifting and carrying techniques 
 Ability to communicate effectively with students, parents, teachers and supervisors 
 Ability to work cooperatively with others including both department and other school district staff 
 Ability to direct students, with authority and diplomacy and following departmental procedures, to ensure appropriate and safe behaviour 
 Preferred Skills and Abilities: 
Working knowledge of school district operations, policies and procedures 
 Ability to work independently with minimal supervision 
 Previous related experience in driving large multi-passenger vehicles would be an asset 
 Previous experience working with groups of children would be an asset 
 SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Given the nature of the work, the bus driver shall not consume alcoholic beverages within 12 Hours prior to driving a bus. Violation could lead to dismissal. Further, the bus driver will ensure that any medication, drugs, etc. that may be taken will not impair driving ability. Consultation with a physician may be necessary for this. 
 The bus driver must follow Board Policy in regards to Medical Examinations and Eye Tests. 
 Note:  A clear Criminal Record is required for this position, with a review to be updated every five (5) years. 
 Selected applicants will be required to pass a road test. The current causal salary rate is $24.10 per hour. 
 We regret only short-listed applicants will be notified. Please submit a detailed resume outlining qualifications and experience to: HRsupportstaff@mpsd.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
