Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Anti-Racism Research and Project Assistant, Office of the Provost and VP Academic 
 The University of Calgary 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Position Overview 
 The Office of the Provost and VP Academic invites applications for a Anti-Racism Research and Program Assistant. ThisFixed Term Recurring Part-time position is for approximately 8 months (based on length of grant funding), with the possibility of extension. 
 The Research and Project Assistant reports jointly to the Vice Provost (Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion) and the Vice Provost (Indigenous Engagement) on the planning of special events for the Racism Response Initiative. The individual in this position will assist in anti-racism research; the planning and coordination of special in-person and online anti-racism events hosted or co-hosted by the Vice Provost (Equity, Diversity and Inclusion) and/or the Vice Provost (Indigenous Engagement). The position will contribute to: (i) Racism Response events; (ii) the development of a report addressing experiences of racism by students, faculty and staff at the University of Calgary; and (iii) the outline of a plan of measurable actions to address racism. 
 Position Description 
 Summary of Key Responsibilities (job functions include but are not limited to): 
 Logistical support for the set of up focus groups, town hall, and one-to-one interviews 
Literature review and scan addressing racism and post-secondary and related institutions 
Review of University policies related to racism 
Support and participate in anti-racism working group 
Work closely with the planning teams on the technical coordination of online platforms for special public events 
Participate in planning meetings associated with events 
Assist with online registration processes (like Marketo) and invitation lists associated with event planning 
Meet deadlines to ensure special events meet required planning schedules 
Perform other related duties as required 
 Qualifications / Requirements: 
Bachelor degree is preferred 
Minimum of one year of communications and/or event planning, or an equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience 
Basic knowledge about Black peoples, Indigenous peoples, and/or People of Colour and their cultures, and histories 
Strong interpersonal, and collaboration skills. 
Excellent organizational and time management skills. 
Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality. 
Ability to work independently 
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet Skills, online registration process, and programs for organizing information. 
Technical background and hands-on experience working with online platforms such as ZOOM 
 Additional Assets 
 Familiarity organizational structure of the University of Calgary 
Familiarity with Black communities within Calgary/Alberta 
Familiarity with the Indigenous Strategy ii' taa'poh'to'p, and local Indigenous communities will be taken into consideration 
Familiarity with regional Indigenous cultural protocols 
 Application Deadline:  November 24, 2020 
 We would like to thank all applicants in advance for submitting their resumes. Please note, only those candidates chosen to continue on through the selection process will be contacted. 
 Additional Information 
 This position is part of the AUPE bargaining unit, and falls under the Operational/Administrative Job Family, Phase I. 
 To find out more about management and staff opportunities at the University of Calgary and all we have to offer, view our Management and Staff Careers website. 
 About the University of Calgary 
 The University of Calgary is Canada’s leading next-generation university – a living, growing and youthful institution that embraces change and opportunity with a can-do attitude. Located in the nation’s most enterprising city, the university is making tremendous progress on its Eyes High journey to be recognized as one of Canada’s top five research universities, grounded in innovative learning and teaching and fully integrated with the community it both serves and leads. The University of Calgary inspires and supports discovery, creativity and innovation across all disciplines. For more information, visit ucalgary.ca. 
 The University of Calgary has launched an institution-wide Indigenous Strategy in line with the foundational goals of Eyes High, committing to creating a rich, vibrant, and culturally competent campus that welcomes and supports Indigenous Peoples, encourages Indigenous community partnerships, is inclusive of Indigenous perspectives in all that we do. 
 The University of Calgary recognizes that a diverse staff/faculty benefits and enriches the work, learning and research experiences of the entire campus and greater community. We are committed to removing barriers that have been historically encountered by some people in our society. We strive to recruit individuals who will further enhance our diversity and will support their professional success while they are here. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply, however preference will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
