Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Shop Lead - Humboldt (Temporary) 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Humboldt, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Humboldt, SK S0K 2A1, Canada Req #3271 
Tuesday, November 3, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Want to work at one of the first legal cannabis shops in the country? Who wouldn’t? We’re looking for the best of the best to join our retail teams at our up-and-coming shops across the country. Want a job where you can make money AND history? Who knows, maybe you’ll end up in a high school textbook someday. Oh yeah, and you won’t have to fold (just kidding you totally have to fold). Here’s the type of person we’re looking for: 
 Responsibilities 
 Welcome and assist all customers that visit the store 
Professionally and courteously handle all inquiries, feedback, complaints or concerns 
Weighing and packaging products effectively and efficiently 
Staying up to date on offers and specials 
Responding to member inquiries with comprehensive knowledge and accuracy 
Receiving and documenting inventory accurately 
Processing and filing member paperwork with all provided information 
Maintaining sales goals on a daily and weekly basis 
Closing and completing all end of day reports and procedures 
Ensure store is clean and tidy 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
 Previous retail or customer service experience; cannabis sales experience preferred 
Be at least 19 years of age 
Polished professional with excellent communication and organizational skills 
Works well with others, alone and with little supervision 
Knowledge of/ability to learn about cannabis plants, strains, products 
Strong attention to detail 
Positive attitude and charisma 
Ensure a high level of customer interaction, suggestive selling and enthusiasm 
Energetic and highly determined 
Working knowledge of Medical and/or Retail Cannabis an asset 
Proficiency in MS office Products and POS (cashier) systems 
 Other Details 
 This is a temporary part-time role based out of Humboldt, Saskatchewan. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
