Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Technical Analyst, Service Desk 
 BC Ferries 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Overview 
 Come Aboard! 
 At BC Ferries, our employees are our most important assets in delivering our commitment to customer safety, service and satisfaction. We offer a unique West Coast working environment with diverse challenges and opportunities. Whether your goal is to work behind the scenes, onboard our ships, or within our land based operations, you are a key contributor to the BC Ferries team. 
 ASSOCIATE TECHNICAL ANALYST, IT SERVICE DESK 
 Information Technology 
 Victoria 
 You are self-motivated, your passion is problem solving, and your goal is achieving customer satisfaction. In a role that is key to the efficient operation of a high-volume IT Service Desk, you are responsible for providing first tier support to the BC Ferries user community. 
 You provide technical support, and you are the first point of contact to users for incoming requests. You work closely with all levels of IT support staff in the monitoring and resolution of IT-related incidents. You are a team-player with an ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships, while consistently achieving a high level of customer satisfaction. 
 You have a post-secondary Degree or Diploma in Computer Science or other IT-related discipline, and/or experience providing end-user support in an IT environment. Training and knowledge of ITIL would be considered an asset. You have strong analysis and troubleshooting skills combined with excellent communication skills. 
 Please apply by December 18, 2020. 
 BC Ferries supports employment equity and diversity in the workplace and we encourage applications from all qualified individuals including women, visible minorities, Indigenous Peoples, persons with disabilities, persons of diverse sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (LGBTQ2S+), and others who reflect our ever-changing workplace. 
 We appreciate the interest of all applicants; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 PI126549716 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
