Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctoral position in Nutrition Therapy 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - A100642724 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Postdoctoral position in Nutrition therapy – Using digital technology to implement innovative nutrition solutions for patients with chronic disease. 
 This position is a full time, temporary role with an end date of approximately 1 year from hire. Start date is immediate upon hire and the salary is $65,000 per annum and includes a benefits package which can be viewed here. 
 The Division of Gastroenterology, Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry at the University of Alberta, is offering a postdoctoral position in the area of innovative and practical nutrition solutions in patients with chronic disease. The Postdoctoral Scholar will be supervised by Dr. Puneeta Tandon. Dr. Tandon is an Associate Professor in the Division of Gastroenterology in the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry who carries out research in several areas, including cirrhosis, frailty and nutritional management in chronic disease. The successful candidate will work within a dynamic and leading team of researchers (including Dr. Carla Prado, Dr. Leah Gramlich and Dr. Maitreyi Raman) who are exploring novel means of understanding and intervening upon the high rates of malnutrition in chronic disease. The focus of this position is on the use of multimedia education and digital-app based interfaces to reduce nutrition care gaps in patients with chronic diseases (i.e. liver cirrhosis, cancer, chronic lung disease). The importance of this work has become even more relevant in the setting of COVID. The successful candidate will participate fully in research and related scholarly activities and will be encouraged to apply for independent salary and research funding. This position will receive ample opportunities to be involved in all aspects of important research projects, to co-author scientific publications, and submit grant applications to a variety of funding organizations, including the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. 
 Duties 
 The successful candidate will: 
Be engaged in research full-time (1.0 FTE) 
Assist with nutrition counseling for participants enrolled in the research studies 
Develop and implement research and evaluation protocols 
Develop theoretically-rich manuscripts for publication in peer-reviewed journals 
Be able to work independently 
Be able to supervise research assistants and summer students 
Apply to local, provincial and national funding competitions 
 Qualifications 
 RD 
PhD (completed within the last 5 years) 
Excellent time management skills and able to work in a self-directed manner within an interdisciplinary environment 
Advanced ability to use statistical packages such as SPSS or STATA etc. 
Strong data management skills for the preparation of research papers and grant proposals. 
Strong team player 
Excellent oral and written communication skills in English, especially in scientific writing 
Strong track record of scholarly activities including publication of research findings in reputable peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations 
Strong analytical, critical thinking, organization and leadership skills 
Experience in applying for external grants and awards. 
Experience working within Alberta Health Services is an asset. 
Experience in implementation science and digital technology interventions is an asset. 
Qualitative data analysis experience is an asset. 
 Applications are invited from PhD graduates. This position is full-time, subject to performance, is available for a period of 1 year, and extendable to 2 years subject to grant funding. Applicants will be expected to apply for fellowships. The base salary range is $65,000 CDN per annum and the successful candidate will receive university office space, use of appropriate computational services and full access to university libraries. 
 To Apply: 
Interested applicants should submit an application consisting of: 
 a) A cover letter describing relevant research experience, qualifications, research interests and career goals 
 b) A curriculum vitae 
 c) A sample of two relevant peer-reviewed publications 
 d) Contact information for three references to: 
 Attn:  Dr. Puneeta Tandon 
 ptandon@ualberta.ca 
 Ph: 780-492-9844 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
ptandon@ualberta.ca 
 The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
