Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pricing Analyst 
 Tilray 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Pricing Analyst - Toronto, ON / Remote 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Commercial Pricing Manager, the Pricing Analyst is responsible for executing and supporting all pricing initiatives across Tilray’s Canadian cannabis business segments leveraging our profitability and pricing models. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Ensure that internal pricing models are up-to-date with the latest data on provincial markups, excise tax, and sales taxes to ensure accuracy 
Provide data as required for listings and price change submissions accurately and on-time. Ensure that all Sales stakeholders are equipped with the data they need to execute pricing effectively 
Monitor progress and follow up with sales as necessary to gather board confirmations. Send weekly tracking report on all active executions 
Ensure the timely and accurate entry of pricing data into the ERP system 
Respond to and resolve pricing discrepancies as they surface against orders placed 
Perform post-execution tracking by validating in-market prices against MSRP and report on the effect on volume 
Provide feedback to internal and external auditors when audited for SOX-compliance 
Curate marketing insights data by ensuring the data is available, accurate, and relevant 
Provide feedback to continuously improve pricing-related processes 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Degree in Economics, Business Administration, Marketing, or equivalent working experience 
2-3 years working experience in marketing, sales, and/or finance 
Strong data management and analytical skills with strict attention to detail 
Capable of developing business insights and effectively communicating them to the business 
Creative problem solver and strategic thinker with a strong work ethic. Highly organized, able to prioritize multiple projects effectively and work independently in a fast-paced environment 
Experience in cannabis, CPG, and/or tobacco would be an asset 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). The Company does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of the Company, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
