WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 UI Artist/Generalist 
 Roboto Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 7, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Hi! We’re Roboto Games, a minty fresh venture-backed games company. Before this we were leading games at PopCap, EA and Space Ape. And this isn’t our first rodeo/game studio. In 2007 we founded ZipZapPlay, a web and Facebook gaming company (we baked lots of cupcakes while making Baking Life), which we sold to PopCap (zombies also eat cupcakes it turns out) before they sold to EA in 2011. Since then we’ve also contributed to several mobile game hits. 
 At Roboto, our mission is to bring friends & family together with games that can be played anytime and anywhere. Think of all the issues stopping you from playing video games with your friends or family and think of Roboto Games as the company that’s going to fix them. Our games will run on all the major games platform including the web and mobile. Even if your friends’ play times only align with yours for a few minutes, you’ll have fun playing with them. We want to make playing games with your friends and family a much better experience than it is today. 
 Our first game, Last Mage Standing, is a free-to-play top down action RPG that is designed to make this vision a reality. We are looking for a UI Artist/Generalist to help us make this game and all our future games amazing. If that sounds like fun, then join us! You should also join us if you like wizards, zombies and skeletons but not necessarily in that order. 
 All that sounds great you say? What do I need to do? Glad you asked!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Help make our games, and help make them fun! 
 Create UI assets that fit within an existing UI framework for our current games 
 Design and create new UI look and feel for new games in development 
 Plan and implement UI animations including creating additional assets such as particle effects, asset variations and other graphic elements 
 Collaborate with the art director and game designers to optimize and polish existing UI/UX 
 Assist in improving other artistic elements of our games including: animation, VFX, environment, character art, or character animation as needed 
 Assist in other production art needs such as file preparation, asset design/creation, and marketing art  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Requirements 
 
 Passion for the craft, desire to constantly learn new things and improve the quality of our games 
 Strong skills in art fundamentals: draftsmanship, aesthetic sensibility, color/rendering, etc. 
 2 years professional experience as a UI artist or artist in games 
 Knowledge of Unity, Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects or equivalent 
 Fluent written and spoken English 
 Live in a time-zone within 4 hours of Pacific Time for team coordination 
 Experience and interest in Free To Play multiplayer games 
 Ability to both deliver and receive honest constructive feedback in a professional and open manner  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice to haves 
 
 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Art, Design, or equivalent 
 Developed UI art on a shipped game 
 Familiarity with the designing UI for cross-platform games (Mobile, PC, Console, Web) 
 Experience with other areas of game art such as environment, VFX, animation, character design 
 Experience and interest in pixel art 
 Experience with UX such as information design, wireframes, usability testing  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Why work at Roboto Games? 
 
 As a member of a small team, you will have an immense impact on our games and the ability to work on many different art styles. 
 Make games that you can play with your friends or with your kids or with your dad. Make games you can play on your phone, on your PC, on your mom’s Chromebook. You get the idea. 
 Work alongside game industry game veterans with 12+ years of experience each. 
 You will work with a fully remote team and be able to set your own hours (with a minimum of overlap with the team). 
 Join our occasional socially distanced, outdoor team gatherings in person or video conference. 
 If full-time, you will also get 4 weeks paid vacation, stock options, 401(k), health benefits, charitable matching. What’s not to like? 
 
 ‍ 
 To apply, please email your resume and a cover letter to  jobs@robotogames.com . 
 ‍ 
 About Last Mage Standing 
 Play 100 Player Fantasy Battle Royale, Co-op Tower Defense and more game modes in this fast paced action RPG brawler! 
 Battle solo or team up with friends in a variety of PvE and PvP modes for quick three minute rounds. Collect and upgrade a roster of Guardians and pair them up with magical and mechanical abilities to rule the day! 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
