Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Parts clerk 
 Group Maltais & Ouellet 
 __Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Maltais & Ouellet Group, authorized John Deere dealerships, is recognized as a leader in sales and service of new and used equipment. The opportunity to work in a pleasant, motivating and challenging environment! We have been in business for over 60 years, thanks to our 430 motivated and competent employees throughout our 16 locations. The company has experienced a strong increase in business, particularly in the last 5 years. 
 WE OFFER : 
Group insurance after 3 months of seniority 
RRSP with employer participation after 3 months of seniority 
A monthly and annual team bonus plan 
An annual amount to purchase new safety boots 
Workwear provided by the employer 
Corporate discounts for our employees and your family 
Ongoing training for our employees offered by our in-house trainer and by John Deere 
 YOU LOVE TO : 
Serve clients with enthusiasm and meet all their needs by carrying out various searches, 
Can also answer all internal request from workshop technicians, 
Efficiently maintain stock movements in the parts system – maintain a proper inventory at all times, 
Arrange displays in the showroom, so as to meet all the needs of the clients, 
Ensure the reception and shipment of parts merchandise, 
Sell all types of complementary products or products related to the original client request, 
At all times, comply with the standards and policies regarding health and safety in the workplace. 
 IDEALLY, YOU HAVE : 
A vocational diploma as parts clerk of shopper, 
Experience as a parts clerk, 
You are passionate about agriculture, business or the industrial field, 
Bilingual (French and English) for some stores, 
Verbal communication skills, active listening, understanding the client’s need, disciplined in your searches and a passion for customer service! 
 Come join a young and dynamic team in which it is possible for you to grow, career-wise, throughout our 16 stores in Quebec or in Ontario! 
 Welcome to our Maltais-Oullet family! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
