
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Mechanical Engineer/Senior Mechanical Engineer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Mechanical Engineer/Senior Mechanical Engineer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Mechanical%20Engineer%2FSenior%20Mechanical%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14130985/mechanical-engineer-senior-mechanical-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 21, 2020 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation's future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D; 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. 
 Organizational Overview 
 The mission of the Collider-Accelerator Department (C-AD) is to develop, improve and operate the suite of particle/heavy ion accelerators used to carry out the program of accelerator-based experiments at Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL); to support the experimental program including design, construction and operation of the beam transports to the experiments, plus support of detector and research needs of the experiments; to design and construct new accelerator facilities in support of the BNL and national missions. The C-A Department supports an international user community of over 1,500 scientists. The department performs all these functions in an environmentally responsible and safe manner, under a rigorous conduct of operations approach. 
 Position Description 
 Within the Collider-Accelerator Department, the Accelerator Division has openings for Cryogenic-Mechanical Engineer to engineer, create layout and design, and supervise installation and commissioning of cryogenic distribution systems and associated cryogenic equipment at various locations throughout the facility. This position has a high level of interaction with an international and multicultural scientific community. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop components and component systems from initial concept or from existing designs through engineering analysis, detailed 3D modeling and design or in conjunction with a designer. Develop purchase specifications, conceptual drawings, fabrication drawings, assembly, testing, installation, and commissioning 
 Engineer and develop designs of cryogenic components inside cryostats, of vacuum jacketed cryogenic piping system and warm piping systems between equipment and piping supports 
 Layout cryogenic equipment in the collider tunnel, between tunnel and equipment buildings, and interface with facilities on utilities requirements, space, crane and rigging requirements for maintenance and installation, following lab safety standards and national safety and equipment codes 
 Collaborate with technical staff on the mechanical interfaces and cryogenic requirements during the design of Superconducting RF cavity and superconducting magnet cryomodules 
 Collaborate with technical staff on cryo equipment interfaces for infrastructure and utilities 
 Develop purchase specifications, interface and follow up with vendor/fabricator during vendor manufacturing, travel for design meetings and witness tests 
 Travel for design meetings and witness tests 
 Present the engineering and design in design reviews with technical staff 
 Coordination of a variety of technical staff for fabrication, assembly, testing and installation of equipment in the C-AD shops and facilities 
 Must have the ability to work independently and to interact with and report to senior engineering and scientific staff for assignments, guidance, and support 
 Assist with writing work planning procedures, hazard analyses and safety reviews 
 Supervise technicians during assembly, installation, and commissioning of equipment 
 
 Position Requirements 
 
 Bachelor's degree in Mechanical or Marine Engineering 
 Minimum three (3) years of full time progressively responsible experience in the design of mechanical equipment and component systems 
 Mechanical stress analysis of pressure components such as vessels, piping system, and supports. 
 Creative engineering, work hands on with mechanical equipment, and working with a team to develop and build unique equipment 
 Proficient with 3D modeling using Creo, Solid Works and/or AutoCad Inventor 
 Experience with design of cryogenic piping systems, cold boxes, cryostats, and other cryogenic components 
 Experience with design and sizing of plant components, such as heat exchangers, pumps, compressor, piping, valves, relief devices 
 Knowledge in the area of high vacuum, helium mass spec leak checking, and experience with vacuum equipment 
 Knowledge of machining practices, welding, piping and pipe fitting systems 
 Experience with materials and materials properties used at cryogenic temperatures 
 Experience with heat transfer and thermal analysis for the design of cryostats their components 
 Fluid mechanics analysis for components in cryogenic service including sizing and selection for pipelines, control valves, relief devices, phase separators, and vessels 
 Proficient with ANSYS or equivalent thermal and stress engineering analysis software 
 Clear and concise written and oral communication skills and the ability to positively interact and support contractors, vendors, and procurement professionals 
 Proficient with MS Office including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel 
 Ability to positively interact and support contractors, vendors, and procurement professionals 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Proficient with piping system stress/flexibility analysis software such CAESER II or similar engineering analysis software 
 Engineering analysis in the area of fluid flow and heat transfer 
 Experience with engineering for rigging and anchoring of heavy components. 
 Familiarity with ASME BPVC VIII and ASME B31.3 Piping Code 
 Familiarity with NY state and national building codes, NFPA and OSHA requirements 
 Project development and management skills 
 Professional Engineering or Engineer in Training license 
 
 Environmental, Health & Safety Requirements: 
 
 Individual may be required to climb ladders and/or work in Confined Spaces. 
 Individual may be required to work in Oxygen Deficiency Hazard area. 
 Individual may be required to work in High Noise environment. 
 Individual may be required to work in Static Magnetic fields area greater than 5 Gauss. 
 Individual will be required to become a qualified Radiation Worker and may be required to work in Radiation areas. 
 Individual may be required to occasionally work off-hours, nights or weekends to support mission critical projects. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION: 
 
 Individual may be required to travel to attend vendor meetings, project reviews, conferences, and training 
 Valid US Driver's license 
 Appointment level will be commensurate with experience and qualifications 
 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision Care Plans 
 Flexible Spending Accounts 
 Paid Time-off and Leave Programs (vacation, holidays, sick leave, paid parental leave) 
 Lab-funded Retirement Plan 
 401(k) Plan 
 Flexible Work Arrangements 
 Tuition Assistance, Training and Professional Development Programs 
 Employee Fitness/Wellness & Recreation: Gym/Basketball Courts, Weight Room, Fitness Classes, Indoor Pool, Tennis Courts, Sports Clubs/Activities (Basketball, Ping Pong, Softball, Tennis) 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2432 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
