Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Twitter: @GoodwillWM 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 Diversity and Inclusion   DIY   Donations   Environmental Services   GoodTemps   Goodwill   Goodwill Industries International   Goodwill of West Michigan   Halloween   Industrial Services   Mission   MoneyWorks   NDEAM   Organization   Outlet   Prosperity Center   Recycling   Retail   Taxes   Thrifting   Thrift Shopping   Uncategorized   Upcycling   VITA   Volunteer 
 Skip to content    
 Good Views 
 Goodwill Industries of West Michigan 
 Primary Menu 
 
 
 visit web site 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Widgets 
 Tag: goodwill career center 
 Posted on  July 20, 2017July 21, 2017  in  GoodTemps ,  Goodwill ,  Goodwill Industries International ,  Goodwill of West Michigan ,  MoneyWorks ,  Taxes ,  VITA 
 Opportunity knocks … but sometimes it rolls 
 By Amanda Grover, Career Supports Manager 
 One thing that can be consistently changing is a person’s financial situation. Managing your money, planning for the future, and identifying resources is incredibly daunting. Money doesn’t need to be a taboo subject; and I personally have found incredible value in financially planning ahead for emergencies and reaching longer term goals. There was nothing more fulfilling than paying off my first car loan. 
 Luckily, there are resources available right here in our community and it’s exciting to be a part of the  Fifth-Third Financial Empowerment “eBus” event  here at the Goodwill Career Center on  Wednesday, July 26  from  10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.  Everyone’s invited! 
 This 40-foot bus is a mobile classroom equipped with workstations and friendly Fifth Third Bank staff ready to connect people with the financial tools they need. After traveling to many communities throughout the country, the Fifth Third eBus staff have a strong understanding of what individuals need and want from banks and financial institutions. 
 Just inside the Career Center, we will be hosting a  Goodwill Financial Fair . There will be other community partner organizations on site to share vocational and education programs, and to help identify ways to increase income through employment. There will also be programs to help people with goals and issues related to home ownership and housing. Additionally, for those looking for more immediate employment, GoodTemps Staffing will be conducting open job interviews. 
 I’ve had lots of people come to me with great stories that have been a result of attending previous financial events. Personal stories such as gaining access to a bank account for the first time (in some cases after being repeatedly denied), enrolling in vocational programs that have increased their income, learning that earning a degree or owning their own home is possible, overcoming difficult debt struggles, and more … prove these events can be life changing. 
 It’s exciting to work with so many community partners and to see support from organizations all working to help people achieve their personal goals. Come join us and tell anyone you know who could benefit from these services! 
 The  Goodwill Career Center  is located at  271 East Apple Avenue in Muskegon . We are around the corner from Goodwill Headquarters. The entrance and parking lot are located off of Sophia Street. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 buy a home   debt   ebus   fifth third   fifth third financial empowerment   finances   financial   get out of debt   goals   GoodTemps   Goodwill   goodwill career center   Goodwill industries   money   own your home   Taxes 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
