Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. Event Coordinator 
 Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. 
 __Thunder Bay, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. is an independent, family owned craft brewery based in Northern Ontario. Our location is a 12,000-sq. ft. production brewery and tap room on a 2.0-acre site at the corner of Squier and Macdonell Street. 
 Our Goal: 
 
 
 To make the Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. tap room into a community hub, full of events, meetings, presentations, and gatherings. 
 
 
 To offer beer education events and with the newly built Barrel House, to provide a unique and friendly event space. 
 
 
 About the position: 
 
 
 The Event Coordinator is responsible for liaising with clients on client-initiated events as well as leading some of the 25 SGBC events hosted annually. 
 
 
 This position also requires the candidate to work bar shifts, serve customers in our retail space, and assist where required with other areas within SGBC. We expect a high level of customer service. 
 
 
 The Event Coordinator will: 
 
 
 Communicate with all clients on client-lead events and assist in turning inquiries into bookings. 
 
 
 Secure, plan, set up, lead and tear down all events in your portfolio. This includes but is not limited to staff event training and communication re: tap room events. Client meetings and room set ups. Post-event clean up, client follow up, and event billing. 
 
 
 Financial forecasting and budgeting for your event portfolio, accountability, staff scheduling, internal event communication and creating and maintaining event workback schedules and financials. 
 
 
 Work bar and retail shifts as scheduled. 
 
 
 The Event Coordinator will assist the Event and Retail Managers as requested. 
 Enhanced Customer Experience 
 
 
 Maintain a welcoming, educational, exciting and inviting experience. 
 
 
 Exceed Tap Room guest expectations and overall brewery visitor experience. 
 
 
 Co-worker team development 
 
 
 Event communication to all SGBC staff by training, communicating and coaching tap room and retail staff job expectations and event information. 
 
 
 Maintain safe, healthy and sustainable tap room and event environment 
 
 
 Exceed co-worker expectations of Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. 
 
 
 Profitable growth 
 
 
 Assist the Manager in meeting tap room financial objectives as they relate to overall brewery goals. 
 
 
 Manage your SGBC event budgets. 
 
 
 Be fiscally responsible. 
 
 
 Experience/Skills 
 
 Knowledge of and passion for craft beer 
 Cicerone Certification desired or willing to achieve certification 
 1 year bar/restaurant, brewery/winery, retail management experience 
 1 year event experience preferred 
 Marketing, and budgetary controls 
 Knowledge and experience with Restaurant POS Systems (we use Touch Bistro) 
 Skills and experience in verbal and written communication and customer focus. 
 Excellent customer service, interpersonal and proven leadership skills 
 Excellent time management skills 
 Detail oriented and able to take initiative 
 Must be able to work weekends, evenings, and events 
 
 The right person will be a major part of the Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. event team. 
 Sleeping Giant Brewing Co. is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity and inclusion in our brewery. We promise to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other legally protected factors. We are also able to provide accessibility accommodation during the recruitment process – just let us know and we’ll work with you to make sure your needs are met. We appreciate your interest in the position and welcome your application, however only those retained for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
