Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Data Scientist 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Senior Data Scientist, you will join top tier talent at a thriving data organization and help us reach the next level in our growth and maturity. You’ll build and deploy to production meaningful solutions that solve problems for our customers and drive meaningful business value. 
 You’ll help us improve our cost-efficiency, reach, and understanding of our customers by adding ML modeling and predictive analytics to the toolset. We’re looking to turn our enviable wealth of data into actionable insights and meaningful recommendations that drive growth and improved engagement across all of our lines of business. 
What you'll do 
Build robust, scalable, high performance Prediction, Search, Personalization and Recommendation ML solutions based on massive structured and unstructured data from various sources 
Work with Engineering and Data Platform teams to bring ML models all the way to production 
 Work cross-functionally with business teams:  Product, Trading, Marketing, Supply Chain, Web Analytics etc. to gather data and requirement and define success 
Provide mentorship to more junior members of the team 
Play a role in defining the standards and best practices of the team 
Provide technical leadership on the projects you work on 
Does this Sound like you? 
Post-graduate degree in math, engineering, computer science, or a related technical field 
2 years’ work experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or Data Science 
Creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently or collaboratively 
You enjoy the data-centric parts of solving problems 
Strong knowledge of at least the statistical foundations of Machine Learning 
Fluent with SQL 
Have experience with BigData tools such as Spark, Hadoop, Kafka 
Proficient in python. We aim to build production-ready solutions, and while we don’t expect data scientists to be systems engineers, we do expect you to be able to deliver readable, testable, maintainable code. 
Experience with at least 1 other programming language a plus, as it shows breadth. 
Experience with dataviz tools such as Tableau, Looker, etc. a bonus 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
