Skip to navigation 
 
 Home 
 Return to Content 
 
 
 Menu 
 [ 
 OWN IT 
 regain control and live life on your terms professionally and personally 
 ](https://thekudosgroup.wordpress.com/ "OWN  IT") 
 April 23, 2014 
 Summer Jobs a chance to develop and grow your future 
 
 The summer holidays is a great time to gain some work experience, learn some important basic skills, start or enhance your CV … and of course earn some money. Now is the time to look for that summer job don't wait until June/July it will be too late! 
 The secret is to plan ahead, think about what you want, is it local office work, a job abroad; retail or leisure; events or festivals, or working with animals. Maybe if you are a graduate you want to think about an internship (some of these are unpaid) or maybe if it is adventure and life experience you are after some voluntary work abroad maybe just the thing. So where do you start? 
 The internet has a huge range of website resources covering all sectors, use your school, college or University careers service, newspapers or notice boards. If it is office work you can register with local agencies, or actively approach organisations in person. Make sure your CV is up to date, this is a good time to start it or enhance it, adding work experience and new skills will help later when you start to apply for fulltime employment. Some jobs may require you to fill in an online application and attach your CV, proactively check this websites every week for new vacancies and register for job alerts. 
 Be flexible - it might not be the job you want to do for life, but it will gain you a variety of potential skills in the areas of customer service , money handling, data handling, team work and general confidence building but to name a few. Take the opportunity to gain a further insight into the organisation, who knows you may see another job or opportunity that you might like to pursue in the future. Don't forget that your summer employer could also be a potential referee later. 
 As with all jobs and a summer one is no exception , research your chosen company , prepare yourself for Interview and present yourself in the best possible way , this may only be a summer job but first impressions count and you never no where it might lead. 
 So enjoy your summer, there are many outdoor opportunities as well as indoor, earn yourself some money, become more independent, meet new people but above all take the chance to learn some new skills that will start to shape where you want to be in the future. 
 For help with CV, interviews and beyond visit The Kudos Group  http://bit.ly/1hkaq5a 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Uncategorized   0 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Going back to basics to improve performance 
 How Healthy Is Your Network? -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 7 Stages of Lockdown Working 
 Its Good To Mix Things Up A Bit! 
 Reflection and Refine 
 Why Am I Not Happy In My Job? 
 Career Management Challenges 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 January 2020 
 April 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 November 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2014 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 books 
 Business Coaching 
 career management 
 celebrate 
 challenges 
 change management 
 communication 
 continuous improvement 
 customer servcie 
 customer service 
 evaluate 
 freelance 
 goal setting 
 high performance 
 inspiration 
 Job Coaching 
 leadership 
 life coaching 
 Mentoring 
 milestones 
 momentum 
 motivation 
 new focus 
 persistance 
 planning 
 priorities 
 process improvement 
 quality 
 relax 
 reward 
 self awareness 
 self development 
 self employment 
 time management 
 Uncategorized 
 wellbeing 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Back to top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
