Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client-Vendor Relationship Manager (Project Management) 
 Green Standards Ltd 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Client-Vendor Relationship Manager 
 NOTES: 
 
 The position will require up to 20% North American travel. 
 Please read this post to the end, as important instructions are listed at the bottom. 
 
 Description 
 Green Standards is a world leader in the sustainable decommissioning of corporate facilities, working with some of the largest organizations in the U.S. and Canada, including dozens of Fortune 100 corporations. In just a few years we have: 
 
 Diverted 25,000+ tons of material from landfill 
 Generated $25M+ in in-kind donations to thousands of non-profits 
 Worked on several of the largest corporate real-estate projects in history 
 
 Experiencing rapid growth, Green Standards is adding another member to its Operations department. This resourceful professional will identify with our social mission and join us in delivering a standout offering in the circular economy. 
 Role Overview 
 The Client-Vendor Relationship Manager (CVRM) is responsible for managing company opportunities, projects and portfolios across North America as generated by our field Sales team. In the course of planning and execution, specific functions include vetting and managing an array of stakeholders, closely supporting the client, ensuring airtight documentation and communication, meeting timelines and cost targets, collaborating with internal and external teams, and troubleshooting on the fly. 
 Other Role Aspects 
 
 
 Traveling at times (20%) within North America to liaise with clients, subcontractors, partners, etc. 
 
 
 Keenly understanding and managing client expectations 
 
 
 Producing proposals and other project documentation 
 
 
 Navigating basic project finance and reconciliation 
 
 
 Nurturing subcontractor relationships 
 
 
 Maintaining established company and industry reporting standards 
 
 
 Seeking resourceful solutions to unique project requirements 
 
 
 Contributing to processes improvement efforts within the Operations department 
 
 
 Having fun with a positive, energetic team 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 
 5+ years in Account/Portfolio Management, Project Management, or Client Success Management 
 
 
 Experience generating and delivering high-quality presentations to corporate audiences either in person or on calls 
 
 
 Refined planning, organization, analytic and writing skills 
 
 
 Experience and comfort working in a rapidly-evolving entrepreneurial setting 
 
 
 High comfort level with project management software, Excel and other tools 
 
 
 Demonstrated resourcefulness in problem-solving 
 
 
 Ability to understand and navigate the politics and bureaucracy of large organizations (our clients) 
 
 
 A collaborative nature suited to working regularly in teams 
 
 
 The desire to be part of something disruptive and growing... 
 
 
 Preferred 
 
 A Master’s degree in any domain, Bachelor at a minimum 
 PMP or CAPM certification 
 Familiarity with and interest in concepts such as circular economics 
 Experience with corporate real estate and/or logistics, commercial interiors, recycling, and/or corporate sustainability 
 
 What Green Standards Can Offer You 
 
 A competitive salary and health benefits 
 An up-beat work environment anchored in a great social mission 
 Career growth, development and continuous learning opportunities 
 Opportunity to influence process and leave your personal mark 
 
 How to Apply 
 
 Send your resume and cover letter 
 In your cover letter, please describe your relevant experience, highlighting your successes managing strategic accounts, projects, and/or stakeholders. Please also describe a specific work-related challenge and how you overcame it. And lastly, please include your salary expectations and prospective start dates. 
 Qualified candidates will be invited to interview by phone with our Director of Operations. Select finalists will be brought in for interviews. As stated, please include your salary expectations in your cover letter. 
 
 Thank you and best of luck! 
 The Green Standards Team 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
