Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RESEARCH ASSISTANT (I) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday 8:30 am to 4:30 pm 
Education Level Bachelor's degree in relevant field of study 
Career Level Two years of relevant experience 
 Job Description 
 Research Assistant (I) 
 (JD # JD00436) 
 Reporting to the Research Manager, the Research Assistant (I) will work with the principal investigator, project leader, research team, and community stakeholders as part of the Vulnerable Individuals in Primary Care (VIP) Research Lab for the Department of Family Medicine. As the Research Assistant (I), you have subject matter expertise in program planning and implementation with vulnerable populations. You have demonstrated proficiency with: 
 Creating and managing custom learning platforms or course management systems (CMS), for example Moodle, 
Editing software, including Camtasia, and 
Animation software, specifically Videoscribe. 
Infographics, for example Pikotochart 
 You possess exemplary interpersonal and organizational skills and are able to meet multiple concurrent deadlines in a complex work environment 
 Job Summary:  The Research Assistant (I) is responsible for organizing and administering one or more research projects within required deadlines under the direction of a Principal Investigator or project leader. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Oversee the collection, entry, verification, management, analysis, and reporting of data. 
Use statistical software to analyze data and interpret results. 
Design and maintain databases, data collection forms, error checking methods and related programs for efficient collection, analysis, and reporting. 
Modify and reconfigure databases to ensure the optimal storage of data and minimize data entry complexities. 
Troubleshoot moderately complex computer problems. 
Write data management and operations documentation for the project. 
Liaise between the project centre and remote project sites and personnel. 
Conduct structured project participant interviews. 
Ensure that the relevant research methodology is applied and all research material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies, and procedures. 
Participate in the development of promotional strategies and related materials to encourage participation and support for research projects. 
Develop presentations and present information and training sessions to project personnel and project participants. 
Keep project participants informed of project progress through regular reports and newsletters. 
Gather and compile information and data required for the preparation of scientific papers, abstracts, and graphs. 
Conduct literature searches. 
Oversee the extraction and compilation of data required for reports and disseminate data to research groups and collaborating partners. 
Implement and maintain the research project budget. Create financial projections and make adjustments to the research project budget throughout the fiscal year. 
Exercise appropriate budget controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. 
Write a variety of letters and memos. 
Participate in research project meetings and propose recommendations for procedure modifications and development in the areas of data management, quality control, and assurance. 
Write, update, and archive data management and quality assurance conventions. 
Respond to inquiries received from project personnel regarding relevant project issues and procedures. 
 Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study. 
Requires 2 years of relevant experience. 
 Additional Information: 
 The successful candidate will have/demonstrate the following: 
Experience with community paramedicine program implementation and evaluation 
Experience with the Ontario primary health care research environment 
Experience with planning a large research event and/or meeting 
Demonstrated problem solving and critical thinking skills 
Exemplary interpersonal, motivational, organizational, planning, and project management skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to present complex information for a variety of audiences 
Demonstrated experience preparing a variety of project materials (e.g. presentations, reports, newsletters, flyers, website content) 
Experience with qualitative and quantitative research 
Demonstrated ability to operate as an effective member of a team 
Demonstrated proficiency with the following software applications Microsoft Office, in particular PowerPoint, Access, Excel and Publisher, REDCap, NVivo, SPSS, SAS and LimeSurvey 
 Experience with the following research activities:  participant recruitment, structured participant interviews, focus groups and key informant interviews, data entry, data analysis (descriptive statistics, qualitative coding), writing reports and publications 
Experience working with university policies and procedures 
 Flexibility is necessary, as the position may require the incumbent to work occasional early mornings, evenings, or weekends 
 Access to reliable transportation for travel between sites is an asset. 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
