
 The Perfect Mother 
 The Perfect Mother Blog is a good-humored approach to motherhood, starting from the models of perfection reinforced by the Media and the Web 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Marusia 
 The blog 
 The analysis 
 The “Unstressing” Manifesto 
 In Portuguese 
 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – another side 
 Nov  22 
 Free translation of a report published in Época magazine, nº 474, on July 18th 2007 – Globo (Brazil) 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children 
 Celso Masson, Martha Mendonça e Solange Azevedo 
 Advantages of staying home, according to the report: 
 
 
 
 For the mother 
 For the family 
 Considerations about the labor market 
 
 
 
 
 She doesn’t feel guilt 
 There is more dedication to the family 
 More than half of women want to leave their jobs (Brazilian Survey – Ibope 2006) 
 
 
 The mother who stays home takes care of the children; the mother who has a job doesn’t look after both work and children 
 More time with kids leads to a true connection between them and the mother; it takes down the “quality time” concept once and for all 
 5,6 million of American women left their jobs in 2005 
 
 
 Staying home is a symbol of status 
 Mothers who don’t pick the children up at school and don’t meet the kids’ friends are cruel 
 Mothers have the option to work at home, without a strict schedule 
 
 
 She doesn’t sacrifice her personal life 
 Children are not “outsourced” 
 Even if the work at home isn’t paid, it corresponds to 60% of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the USA 
 
 
 She doesn’t suffer with competition 
 The mother is always at home; she doesn’t arrive after “the children are sleeping” 
 Women that have a job earn 30% less than men 
 
 
 She doesn’t suffer from work-related stress 
 __ 
 The informality of the female labor is bigger 
 
 
 There is intelligent life among “entrance-school-mothers” 
 __ 
 The female work is depreciated, because the employers think that mothers concentrate less and produce less 
 
 
 She has more time 
 __ 
 Women that carry on with their careers find they are imprisoned inside a management system built for men 
 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 Working women in part-time jobs are not taken seriously and lose opportunities 
 
 
 
 Advantages for the husband were not listed. 
 
 You can also see: 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – one side 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – Analysis 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children - Marusia speaks 
 This post in Portuguese: [Por que as mães estão deixando o emprego para ficar com os filhos - outro lado](Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – one side "http://maeperfeita.wordpress.com/2010/07/07/por-que-as-maes-querem-deixar-o-emprego-para-ficar-com-os-filhos-outro-lado/") 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on November 22, 2011, in  Analysis  and tagged  Family ,  Job . Bookmark the  permalink .  Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – Analysis 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – one side -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Perfect Mother? 
 If you, sometime, have already tried to fit (without success) in the perfect mother examples of the media (as I have), you’re welcome to our blog! “The perfect mother” is a non-pretentious version in English from the  **“Mãe perfeita” ** blog, originally in Portuguese, written by a Brazilian non-perfect, still learning mother and a non-perfect, still learning student of English. 
 It’s an open space to share our experiences (it includes the suggestions to improve my text and language), have fun, “unstress” and find that the only recipe to be a mom is: there are no recipes (all statements to the contrary are immediately revoked). 
 Tags 
 Birth   Body   Breastfeeding   Children   Control   Education   Family   Guilt   Health   Job   Loss   Parenting   Perfect Mother   Pregnancy   The father   Time 
 Categories 
 
 Analysis 
 Books 
 Have fun! 
 Marusia speaks 
 Phrases 
 
 Follow "The Perfect Mother"! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And what is life? 
 Paths 
 The World’s most interesting course 
 If men breastfed 
 On Ballet and bullying 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month May 2016  (1) December 2013  (1) October 2013  (1) August 2013  (2) May 2013  (1) April 2013  (1) February 2013  (1) December 2012  (1) October 2012  (1) September 2012  (1) August 2012  (2) May 2012  (1) April 2012  (2) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (3) January 2012  (1) December 2011  (2) November 2011  (9) October 2011  (8) 
 Blogroll 
 
 Awesomely Awake 
 Miss Lazy has a baby 
 Mostly Bright Ideas 
 The happiest mom 
 The Learner Mom 
 The Parenting Gig 
 The Whole Hearted Mind 
 Unnecessary wisdom 
 Weather me well 
 Writing for Daisies 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
