Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 09R - Data Clerk 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Data Clerk 
Clerk 09R 
 There is currently a temporary opportunity available until approximately February 2022. This temporary opportunity may be extended or become permanent. 
An eligibility list for future temporary and/or permanent opportunities may be established. 
 Advance your administrative career with this rewarding opportunity 
 The Administrative Data Clerk monitors the quality, accuracy and consistency of data contained in information systems and identify and correct data discrepancies and provides relief coverage in other administrative positions across the Centre. This position works in the administrative branch of the Vancouver Island Regional Correctional Centre. 
 Adult Custody is one of four divisions of the Corrections Branch and is responsible for the care of approximately 2,800 male and female inmates throughout BC. The Division operates correctional centres with various levels of security and control for individuals awaiting trial or serving a provincial custody sentence. Adult Custody provides custodial supervision for adults sentenced to incarceration and those remanded to custody. Correctional programs address thought patterns, behaviour and lifestyles that are known to contribute to crime. It provides core programs and additional services which balance risks and needs; ensures linkage with Community Corrections based on common core programming and integrated case management; communicates with stakeholders and participates as a pro-active partner in the criminal justice system. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Emma.Carter@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Grade 12 graduation or equivalent (e.g. GED). 
 Minimum two years of experience with basic office computer applications including word processing and spreadsheets. 
 Experience populating data sets, obtaining and clarifying data, and reviewing data for accuracy or anomalies. 
 Preference may be given for: 
Experience with inventory systems and/or Quickbooks. 
 Experience with ARCS/ORCS or similar file maintenance structures. 
 Experience with Time and Leave. 
 Proviso 
 This position works in close proximity to inmates. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - Ensure your resume includes your educational accomplishments, employment history including start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and any relevant information that relates to the job to which you are applying. A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
