truckdriving1x 
 
 Post navigation 
 Truck Driving Jobs for Felons - 7 Tips on Finding Felony Jobs As a Truck Driver 
 Posted by  truckdriving1x 
 0 
 Crete Carrier jobs 
 Crete Carrier 
Crete Carrier is really a nationwide trucking company focusing on dry van trucking jobs. We have been currently hiring for many truck driving jobs including: , Home Weekly, Dedicated, and Teams.Regional and National 
 Crete Carrier 
Truck driving has turned into a popular project for felons. This can be a life changing career with long-term potential and benefits. Truck driving jobs for felons provide freedom around the open road together with comfort and security as one of the higher paying felon friendly employment. 
 According to a recent study, the U.S. trucking industry is now coming out of the recession and is growing at a rate of 4 to 6 percent. The industry will need to hire around 200,000 additional driver, by the end of 2011. It is rare to see a business using this type of potential specifically in this type of economy. 
 This can be good news for ex convicts who are looking for felon friendly jobs, with a few exceptions. There are 2 kinds of felonies which will prevent you from becoming a truck driver: 
 1. Distribution of, possession with intent to distribute, or importation of any controlled substance. 
 2. The use of criminal force like with a gun or knife. 
 The hiring of truck drivers is highly regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Association and if you have one of these two types of felonies you won't get hired by any trucking company. In case you have another type of felony on your own record you are able to still drive a truck and discover companies that hire felons. 
 Before businesses that hire felons will consider you, you will need to get yourself a Commercial Driving License (CDL) to become professional truck driver. Call some trucking companies first and find out if they are willing to hire you when you get your CDL, there are hundreds of trucking schools all around the US that can help you get your CDL but before you spend your money on training. Some truck delivery companies that hire felons might even offer to exercise you at no cost. 
 Strategies for obtaining a truck driver job 
 • Be honest concerning your record. Think that all companies will do a thorough investigation of your own past criminal, driving and employment history. 
 • A clean driving history without recent traffic violations is a big plus. 
 • Call up truck delivery companies and never driving schools. If you can't get hired, the schools just want your tuition money but a commercial driving license is useless. 
 If you have no luck with the big ones, • Try the smaller local companies. 
 • Should you get fed up with randomly calling companies up, check out a local truck stop to check out their bulletin board. You can find normally a great deal of ads posted. 
 • You could also approach some of the drivers at truck stops, buy them coffee and ask them if they know of any delivery companies that hire felons. 
 If the first few companies don't respond favorably to your inquiries, • There are approximately 500,000 trucking companies in the U.S. so don't give up. 
 Truck driving could be a great felony job. In order to qualify for high paying felony friendly jobs, you must have the desire to go the extra step. Hopefully that these particular tips will help you on your look for truck driving jobs for felons. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Jul*11 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Truck Driving Jobs for Felons - 7 Tips on Finding Felony Jobs As a Truck Driver 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 July 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
