
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 17 Best Online Jobs for College Students with No Experience 
 Work From Home Jobs  August 4, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 Are you a college student looking to make money during your extra time? Below you'll find our collection of flexible online jobs for college students with no experience. 
 Many college students usually have a lot of free time between and after classes. Many of them are mostly free on weekends. For the lack of knowledge, they always spend this spare time hanging out with friends and partying. 
 Do not get me wrong, I'm not against the wild and fun lifestyle, but do you know you can spend some of the time being productive and earning some money. 
 Maybe you've landed some well-paying jobs but they often interfere with your school schedule. So you just had to quit because you value good grades. 
 But what if you landed jobs that will let you create your own work schedule? There are many online jobs for college students with no experience that will allow you to set your own schedule and work from the comfort of your hostel. 
 If you are a college student looking for online jobs, you will be grateful that you stopped over here. Below you'll find a list of legit online jobs for students to earn money. Any college student with no experience can do these jobs. 
 Read on to the last full stop if you would love to make some decent money, without interfering with your school and social lifestyle. 
 Here are Some of The Best Online Jobs for College Students with No Experience 
 Read more:  25 Legit Online Jobs That Pay Weekly in 2020 
 1. Freelance Writing 
 Freelance writing is one of the most flexible online jobs you can do. If you love writing, consider turning your free hours into writing hours. As a freelance writer, you will create written content for your client’s businesses, websites, blogs, etc. 
 You can write for 3 or 4 hours per day, or even on weekends. This is a nice way to earn money without compromising your studying schedule. An average beginner writer can make approximately $15-$30 per hour. 
 You may need some training to help you sharpen your writing skills and to help you learn how to hunt for high paying clients. Check out Holly Johnson's  FREE introductory training  on how to build a six-figure writing career. Johnson is a veteran in online writing, earning OVER $200,000 a year. 
 As a beginner, you can source freelance content mills such as TextBroker, Hirewriters, iWriter, Upwork, and Fiverr. Cold pitching is also an ideal way to land high paying clients. 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 2. Start a blog 
 I highly recommend blogging for any college student. As a blogger, you can earn some good money by displaying advertisements on your site, recommending affiliate products, sponsored posts, among other ways. 
 I created my first blog back in 2011 when I was still a freshman in college. The blog opened up many opportunities for me and even helped me land my first job, managing the website of a local employment agency. 
 Since then, I've gone on to create dozens of blogs for clients, friends, and some my own, earning a pretty figure in the process. 
 Recently I sold one of my blogs on  Flippa , a marketplace for selling and buying websites and online businesses. It was only a small blog earning an average of $100 per month but I still managed to sell it for slightly above $3000. You can  learn more about that blog sale here . 
 This very blog you're reading was started in March 2020 and it's currently earning slightly above $100 a month, as of August 2020. In July 2020, the site earned about $110. I know this a small amount, but there's a lot of potential to grow it's earnings further. My target is for this blog to be earning me an extra $1000+ per month by the end of 2020. 
 One good thing with blogging is that the blog posts you write as a student will still make you money long after you leave college. Besides the passive income bit, you will love that you get to choose what to blog about. 
 How can you get started?   If you’re new to blogging and would love to get started on the right foot,  this in depth step-by-step blogging blueprint  might be perfect for you. 
 3. Transcription 
 Transcription entails listening to audios and typing what you hear on word processing software. Does this sound like something you would love to do? If yes, you will need an excellent set of headphones and a stable internet connection to excel in this field. 
 Beginner transcriptionists often have a softer landing spot. There are lots of companies always looking to add new transcriptionists to their teams. Be sure to check out transcription companies such as Scribie, GoTranscript, SpeechPad, TranscribeMe, Rev, and TigerFish for a start. 
 Read more:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 On average, a beginner can make $12-$15 per hour-long video. An average beginner takes approximately 3 hours to transcribe hour-long audio. 
 How can you get started?  Getting training will help you start your transcription side hustle on a high note. Check out this  FREE mini course by Janet Shaughnessy . This is a sure way to kick-start your transcription career on a high note. 
 4. Proofreading 
 If you spot mistakes while reading, and cannot help but frown at them, I am sure you will have an amazing experience proofreading. Your work as a proofreader will be to go through written work, such as your clients’ manuscripts, to spot and correct any errors. 
 You need to be hawk-eyed to spot grammatical, spelling, and punctuation errors. You will also have to ensure your end product is easy-to-read and has a good flow of ideas, without altering your client’s intended meaning. 
 The best thing about proofreading is that you will set your work schedule. You only get to work when it’s suitable for you. 
 You can hunt for proofreading gigs from Cactus Communications, Wordvice, ProofreadingPal, Scribendi, Scribbr. 
 Read more:  17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 On average, proofreaders make anything between $15 and $44 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  You might need some training to get you started on the right note. I highly recommend Caitlin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . This workshop is free and will equip you with the needed skills to get you started. 
 
 Related: 
 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader (Interview with Caitlin Pyle) 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 
 
 5. Paid online surveys 
 Paid online surveys pay you to give opinions. You will most likely give opinions on products you use daily and other global trends. Most survey companies have other ways you can make money, such as playing games, reading emails, testing new products, and  searching the web . 
 I love paid online surveys because they take a very short time. An average survey can take around15-20 minutes. They will not interfere with your school schedule. 
 If you are looking to start earning from surveys, check out  Swagbucks  and  Survey Junkie . Sign up on such sites to make some little money during your short breaks. 
 Read more: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys – Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 
 6. Freelance web designer 
 Your work as a web designer will be to create websites for clients. You may also land jobs that require you to redesign websites. 
 The best thing about becoming a Freelance Web designer is that you get to choose your work hours, work schedule, and the clients you work with. 
 If your course is affiliated to computer science, graphic arts, and communications, you will have an easy time designing websites. If you are god with coding, web designing could be suitable for you. 
 According to Indeed, Freelance web designers make an average of $23 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  Check out these popular  web design courses on Udemy  to get you started. 
 7. Social Media Manager 
 A lot of businesses are striving to have an online presence. If you are a social media enthusiast, you will love working as a social media manager. 
 Your work will be to post on behalf of businesses, reply to comments and private inquiries, and moderate group activities. 
 You get to choose the amount of workload you wish to have. This is a sure way to focus on your schoolwork while still making some money. 
 Average part-time social media managers make approximately $1000 per month. 
 How can you get started?  Check out these  Bestselling Social Media Marketing Courses  to gain the necessary skills. 
 8. Captioning 
 Captioning entails generating subtitles for movies. Subtitles help boost the viewership of movies. 
 As a captioner, your work will be to listen to movie characters and come up with exactly what they are saying. You need to be attentive to generate accurate subtitles. 
 To succeed in captioning, you will need an excellent set of noise-canceling headphones. 
 An average captioner makes approximately $240 per month. 
 You can source for captioning jobs from Crowdsurf, Rev, Vanan, Vitac, Impact Media, and Caption Colorado. 
 9. Video editing 
 A lot of content creators understand how engaging videos can be. This is why they seek video editors to help edit their videos, with the sole purpose of perfecting them for engagement. 
 If your course is affiliated to film, cinematography, and broadcasting, I’m pretty sure you will have an easier time working as a video editor. You have nothing to worry about, though, if your course is not related to any of the above. You can always research the best video editing software to find your way through. 
 You can land video editing gigs from freelancers’ marketplaces such as Fiverr and Upwork. 
 10. Virtual Assistant 
 A virtual assistant performs a wide range of administrative tasks for their clients. Some of the popular tasks you should expect while working as a virtual assistant include sending and replying to emails, making reservations, booking flights and hotels, scheduling appointments, and managing the calendar. 
 The best thing about virtual assistance is that you can perform all the tasks remotely. You will also love that you will get to set your work hours. 
 Most virtual assistants make anything between $10 and $50 per hour. You can source for virtual assistant jobs from Zirtual, Belay Solutions, Time ETC, Fancy Hands, and Virtual Office VA. 
 Read more:  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 How can you get started?  You might need some form of training to get started as a virtual assistant. Lucky for you, Gina Horkey has created an amazing training course where she’ll teach you everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant with the potential to earn over $100 per hour. 
 
 Click here to check out Gina Horkey’s virtual assistant training course. 
 11. Data Entry 
 Data Entry jobs do not require any experience or training. As long as you are good with spreadsheets and Microsoft Excel, you are good to get started. 
 You can source for data entry gigs from The Swart Crowd, Dion Data, and Working solutions. You can also find work in market places such as Upwork and Fiverr. Most data entry gigs pay $10-$15 per hour. 
 12. Search Engine Evaluator 
 If you have excellent research skills, and you are always up-to-date with current and trending affairs, this could be the most suitable job for you. 
 A search engine evaluator analyses and rates search results depending on relevancy and quality. Other than rating searches, you may have to rate the relevancy of ads. Your work will help improve the efficiency of search engines. 
 You will love that you will set your work schedule and work as much or as less as you wish. You will also love that most companies train their successful candidates. 
 Most search engine evaluator jobs pay $12-$15 per hour. 
 You can source for Search engine evaluator jobs from companies such as Lionbridge, Appen, Workforce Logiq, and RaterLabs. 
 Read more:  6 Best Search Engine Evaluator Jobs To Work From Home 
 13. Website /App Testing 
 A lot of readers or app users will quit using a website or an app because they do not love the experience on the website or app. This is why website and app owners are always striving to give their audience the best experience- this is where you will come in as a website or app tester. 
 Your work will be to give opinions from a user’s point of view. Your ideas will help improve the relevancy, navigability, and appearance of websites and apps. 
 I recommend website testing jobs because they mostly take 15-20 minutes, and each pays around $7-$20. This is something that can earn you good money, without interfering with your school schedule. 
 You can source for website and app testing jobs from UserTesting, Whatusersdo, UserTest, Userlytics, Analysia, and UTest. 
 14. Translation 
 If you are bilingual or multilingual, and you are not translating yet, you are sitting on a gold mine. Companies and businesses are always seeking to increase their audience. This is why they hire translators so that they can reach speakers of different languages. 
 If you speak two or more languages such as French, English, Portuguese, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Arabic, you will land translation gigs with ease. 
 You can find translation gigs from Translate.com, Unbabel, OneHourTranslation, Gengo, and Smartling. 
 Read more:  17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 15. Graphic designer 
 As a graphic designer, you should expect to create logos, design t-shirts, and any other visual representation your clients may need. If you are highly creative, you will excel as a graphic designer. 
 Most graphic design gigs pay $25-$300 depending on the client and the project at hand. 
 Create social media platforms and a website for your graphic design job. Be consistent in showcasing your work, and you will land clients in no time. Be sure to check out platforms such as TopTal, 99designs, Design Crowd, Upwork, and Fiverr. 
 16. Paid Research studies 
 Paid research studies pay way better than regular surveys. You can make up to $150 per hour for just participating in focus groups. If you have participated in online paid surveys, but would love to earn much more, this is the side hustle for you. 
 Some of the sites that would pay you more than $100 to take part in their studies include  Prolific ,  Respondent , Brand Institute, Engage, and Mindswarm. 
 17. Voice Over Artist 
 The work of a voice-over artist is to give voice to projects that need it. Clients will provide you with a script. You will then voice-act the text following the client’s instructions. 
 If you have ever heard a voice, without seeing the person behind it, just know there is a voice artist behind it. Projects that popularly use voice-over artists’ services include animations, audiobooks, TV and radio commercials, video games, and telephone greetings. 
 If you regularly receive compliments for your voice, consider working as a voice-over artist. 
 The best thing about voice acting is that you do not need a studio. With a serene environment, headphones, recording software, and a microphone, you can comfortably hack voice acting gigs. 
 Most voice-over gigs pay $50-$300 per hour of audio. 
 You can source for voice working jobs from Voices.com, Covoco Voice Bunny, Flimless, Snap Recordings, and the Voice Crafters. 
 Read more:  15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Which of these online jobs for students to earn money will you do? 
 College years are often characterized with lots of free time. A lot of students are often stuck in a dilemma; they want to earn good grades, have fun, while still remaining productive. 
 With the jobs above, I guarantee you will have an easy time balancing the three. Choose one or two jobs that interest you, do your research, and get started. 
 The jobs above will let you set your work schedule. With proper time management skills and dedication, you will start earning some good money long before your graduation. 
 So, which of these online jobs for students to earn money will you do? 
   
 Tags: online jobs for college students 
 Related Posts 
   
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 Looking for the best online transcription jobs from … 
   
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 Are there online jobs for beginners? How can … 
   
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Looking for the best online translation jobs from … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
 One Response 
 
 joe 
 
 All of these hustles are really friendly and appropriate for students! Esp college students who are partly in the adulting phase anyway. Great to know that technology has made livelihood more accessible even for students! I was also thinking that when it comes to transcription work, it may be a big help to make use of transcription tools like izitext.io to help speed up the job! I think it's a huuuge hack 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
