
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Freelance job 
 Freelance Freelance Senior UX Designer (remote). Sullivan. Manhattan, NY, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 You’re the type of person who is constantly looking for ways to bring simplicity to complexity through experiences that clarify, engage and inspire action. You’re detail oriented and not afraid to immerse yourself in user data and research to ensure you arrive at the right solution. In short, you’ll be helping to create compelling experiences that bring our clients’ complex products and services to life. 
 Position requirements: 
 5+ years of experience in planning and architecting compelling web and mobile user experiences 
3+ years of agency experience 
In-depth understanding of user-centric design and usability principles and UX’s role in Accessibility and Compliance 
Deep understanding of the technologies that run websites and mobile applications 
Ability to create conceptual prototypes, annotated wireframes, site maps and user flows 
Experience performing audits and reviews of websites and other digital applications 
Demonstrated proficiency with website and mobile prototyping tools such as 
Sketch, Axure, iRise, Principal, or Invision 
A Talent for understanding web, search and social media analytics 
The ability to create, update and track UX artifacts through a project’s lifecycle 
Strong Client relationship building and Presentation skills 
Analytical thinking; creating ideas and having the ability to clearly articulate them both orally and in writing 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/6430-sullivan-freelance-senior-ux-designer-remote  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 User Research 
 Date Posted 
 September 29, 2020 (Originally posted November 27, 2019) 
 Managed By 
 Leah Kiel 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 
 Fine Print 
 Sullivan; an independent brand engagement firm located on the High Line in New York City. We are a full-service agency providing a variety of brand strategy, brand expression, customer experience, and digital services to a range of well-known clients. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
