Sidesplitting Tweets About Job Interviews 
 Looking for employment can be stressful and intimidating, but you’re bound to be more successful than these folks. 
 Sidesplitting Tweets About Job Interviews 
 We've all marveled at how some of our co-workers ever made it through the interview process, let alone got hired. Do the interviewers simply give up after a few of these odd exchanges and hire the next person on the docket? 
 If the candidates in these tweets didn't care about securing the job, why come to the interview? None of them appeared to have read about how to conduct themselves in an interview. Because they did the opposite. Blunders like "don't talk too soon about money," "lack enthusiasm," "lying" and "not asking good questions" top the charts with these folks. 
 Let's hope most of them were just going for a laugh on Twitter. 
 Aim High 
 Criticizing your manager before you have the job, a deal-killer for sure. 
 Reverse Psychology 
 Sounds like a good way to give the candidate insight into his potential boss. Maybe the interviewer hadn't ordered from the value menu. Or doesn't want to be deemed a cheapskate. 
 Exaggerate Your Assets 
 This guy would be a belly laugh to work with. He knows at least one big word, but not its meaning. 
 A Single Criterion 
 A jokester, for sure, but does this also mean he's an expert at lying? Looking away from a person is one of those tells. 
 Tell It Like It Is 
 Let's get this out in the open early because what company needs another Mr. Negative? 
 One Meal at a Time 
 With food on her mind constantly, if hired, the office will be subject to loud crunching and nauseating smells wafting from the microwave. 
 Unsee This Visual 
 The interviewer needs a break and fast after that question. 
 Taking Counsel Literally 
 J.K. Rowling might take exception to this. 
 Do We Need More of These Folks in the Workplace? 
 Is this how he or she plans to spend their work days? 
 Don’t Answer This 
 Not the kind of question the hiring manager had in mind. Plus, he's doomed if he answers this one. 
 A Bit Too Cutesie 
 Not an appropriate move for many industries. Maybe for a role in a comedy movie, but nothing else. 
 Not the Best Idiom 
 Probably wore a fur coat, too. 
 A Hard Pass 
 This candidate should get in touch with a therapist. 
 Toss This Resume 
 Show this candidate the door pronto. Though he or she might want to get in touch with a therapist, too. 
 Fantasy Land 
 When someone is light years away from the real world, they probably won't get the job done. 
 Captain Obvious 
 There's a pocket-sized bit of information the interviewer didn't need. 
 Not Much of a Talker 
 Short, sweet and to the point. Isn't that what everyone wants? 
 Wait for It 
 He played the entertainment card, but is that enough substance to do a good job at work? 
 Not the Sharpest Candidate 
 His recall may well be excellent, but it's also extremely fleeting. 
 Puns for Buns 
 If he does a crumby job baking, transfer him to sign making before his humor gets stale. 
 A Wannabe Astronaut 
 If this job is working for Jeff Bezos, the billionaire needs this guy. Obviously, getting to another planet is easy for him. 
 Mixing Things Up 
 One's a sleep disorder, the other a felony in most states. Not a way to make a good impression. 
 Flirting With Disaster 
 Maybe the interviewer will forget this person has no qualifications for the position. 
 Reveal Nothing 
 Keep your job history a mystery. 
 Admit Your Faults 
 Get all your flaws out in the open right away. 
 Unintentional Disclosure 
 Run away. As fast as you can. 
 Social Media Victory 
 What's front of mind to many job seekers often has nothing to do with the actual job. 
 Cast Doubt on Your Ethics 
 Does she plan to pilfer office supplies, poison a coworker or steal lunches? 
