  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Sales & Marketing  
 
 Sales & Marketing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 26 days ago 
 Amazon Ppc Expert 
 Published: 26 days ago  Bids: 2 
 We are looking for an Amazon PPC Expert who is a proven Data Scientist to join our team! You will be working for a TOP Amazon e-commerce brand based in the US, with a remote and global team of high achievers. This is a long term, day-shift (2:00 pm to 10:00 pm pacific standard time), 100% work from home position where you will be able to apply your skills in amazon pay-per-click advertising and listing optimization. We will provide you with premium research and bid management tools, as well as top notch training materials to help you stay at the top of your game as our elite Amazon PPC Expert. 
 work location: remote / virtual / work from home 
 core values you must have: 
a growth mindset with hunger to constantly learn and improve your craft 
obsessive attention to detail 
data driven and highly analytical 
can think outside of the box 
a problem solver 
a quick learner 
a good researcher 
a self-starter 
a challenge taker 
 requirements: 
in-depth experience with amazon seller central and amazon ppc management 
mastery in using spreadsheets (pivot tables, vlookup, etc.) 
Experience using Helium 10, Seller Tools, etc. 
Great with numbers 
At least 2 years of demonstrable, hands-on experience in managing and optimizing Amazon PPC campaigns 
Impeccable verbal and written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to develop and communicate clear, thoughtful, and comprehensive analysis 
Able to work in a fast-paced environment, multi-task, and manage tight deadlines 
Excellent computer skills — MS Office and Google Productivity Suites (Google Docs, Sheets, etc.) 
Fully equipped home office setup; high speed laptop/desktop (preferably with 8GB RAM or higher), fiber internet, backup internet (Wi-Fi LTE) and power back-up 
 A HUGE Plus If: 
You have experience creating and managing Amazon PPC campaigns for a natural topical skincare brand 
You can summarize and present comprehensible data using various data visualization charts and graphs 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Plan, develop, and implement comprehensive strategies to increase sales, visibility, brand recognition and drive sales across Amazon marketplaces 
Plan, structure, and manage all pay-per-click campaigns on Amazon including Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display 
Track, monitor and analyze data, keyword trends, and all KPI’s to provide solutions, recommendations, actionable insights and strategy to optimize and/or scale campaigns based on product cycles and goals 
Competitor Analysis through Brand Analytics 
Listing creation via intensive keyword research and optimization via KPI including PPC data 
Keyword research and ranking 
Implement and manage all new product launches and promotions 
Monitor and optimize TACoS to improve net profits over time 
Ensure all our KPIs are met or exceed our targets 
Obtain deep, authoritative knowledge on each product in our catalog 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. K. Philippines 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 26 days ago 
 Sales Agent 
 Published: 26 days ago  Bids: 3 
 33Sigma Learning Labs is focused on developing curriculum and building online learning platforms to improve student learning in statistics, physics, and chemistry. 
We’re looking for results-driven Sales Agents to actively seek out and engage customer prospects. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. Z. A. Last reply: 26 days ago  Mexico 
 Over USD 3,000 
 27 days ago 
 Advertising in social media 
 Published: 27 days ago  Bids: 11 
 I am a Real Estate agent an I want to  to market my self in my city. 
I need to do spanish advertising. 
So I rather work with someone who speaks and writes spanish. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. O. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 27 days ago 
 Run 3 X Fb campaign in a month 
 Published: 27 days ago  Bids: 10 
 I need help of a media buyer to run fb campaigns to boost registrations for a webinar, invite business owners to join fb group and upsell a $595 online course. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. L. Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 28 days ago 
 Flyer Printing and Distribution in Jakarta 
 Published: 28 days ago  Deadline: 10 Bids: 1 
 I would need someone to help with (a) printing flyers, posters; and (b) distributing and putting them up in Jakarta, Indonesia. I will send you the stuff that I would need printed at a later date once you confirm your availability for the job. I will inform you about the exact location and details. 
 The stated budget is slightly negotiable and includes the reimbursement for printing fees. 
 Please drop me a message if you're interested. Please do not send me proposals if you are not based in Indonesia. Thank you. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. B. Switzerland 
 Less than USD 50 
 29 days ago 
 Social Media Community Manager for Summer camp 
 Published: 29 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 9 
 Hello, I am in need of a Social Media Community Manager for Summer camp to help manage the company's brand personality online, develop strong relationships with the online community as well as manage/create posts on fb and ig. This person should also be able to find FB groups to join, relevant to the market, and establish a relationship with the community, develop and improve our following. 
 Email Marketing Experience preferred!  This person will also be tasked to provide 6-month social media advertising/community management plan specific to the industry. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  L. T. Last reply: Last month  United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Top interior design firms pune : sparcdesign 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 4 Bids: 0 
 Interior designing for us is the work of pure art and sheer dedication. Our approach towards interior designers in pune is just like creating an artwork on a blank canvas, thoughts, feelings, and interactions painted out on a differently shaped and sized canvas every time. Innovation and out of the box thinking finds its place in all our projects, as we pay special attention to intricate details and include local craftsmanship to bring out the best-combined experiences. 
[ https://sparcdesign.co.in/interior-designer-firm-in-pune/] 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. D. India 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
