Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Media Specialist 
 SecurU 
 __Puslinch, ON 
 Apply Now 
 SecurU is looking for a Social Media Specialist to join our growing team. 
 As a Social Media Specialist for SecurU you will become the digital voice of our brand. With your expertise and experience you will reach a whole-lotta people on a variety of different platforms to increase our presence across internet-based media. 
 You have a flair with words. You are creative. You are a storyteller. You know that a big chunk of your role is to educate people, and the other half is creating a culture for the brand. You know what to say to engage and connect with our community, and at the same time you say it while optimizing our ranking on Google. You not only know how to build an audience, how to reach & connect with them, but you also know how to track and analyze the results. 
 In this rapidly growing field, you understand that you need to stay up to date with best practices and are always coming up with fresh, original, and relevant content. 
 You recognize that driving organic traffic is key to conversion. Your goal is to drive traffic which will turn into leads. 
 To be great at this role you will be self-motivated and able to work independently. You are comfortable working in a fast-paced environment while delivering multiple projects on schedule, on budget and with no errors. 
 We are a small, fun, motivated team and we are passionate about the solutions we offer. We have been in business for over 27 years and have grown a solid, stable business in Southwestern Ontario. 
 We've got a really good thing going here; come see what it's like to be on a winning team... 
 **  No Agencies Please. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. ** 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Own the development of a strategic social media marketing plan and its associated budget across campaigns and channels: Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, etc. 
 Oversee paid search campaigns and manage budgets. 
 Work collaboratively across business units to develop and execute creative ideas, plans, and strategies. 
 Provide inspirational and creative leadership on ways to reach and gain attention of target audiences. 
 Manage and report on ad campaigns & content posts. 
 Track, analyze, and optimize the ongoing performance of all marketing efforts, including ads, and social media posts. 
 Stay on top of new techniques and changes in the market, which you’ll incorporate and test in our marketing. 
 Answer all messages and DMs within a pre-set time frame Generate new opportunities to upsell existing clientele 
 Maintain and create blogs 
 Frequently update, add content, adjust landing pages and be strategic with our website using WordPress 
 Highly motivated to generate and close new leads 
 
 Nitty-gritty Details: 
 
 A minimum of three years of relevant digital marketing experience. 
 Must have experience with WordPress. 
 Paid search management experience with Facebook Ads, Instagram Ads, etc. 
 Self-directed and able to work independently with minimal direct supervision, and to work as part of a collaborative team. 
 Excellent communication skills. 
 Excellent organization and time management skills. 
 Advanced analytical skills with an ability to mine data to inform decisions. 
 Ability to have a big-picture view while executing and managing details. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $35,000.00-$65,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
