Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Unit Secretary, (CUPE) Outpatient Mental Health- Casual - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and customer- centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
Working independently in our interdisciplinary setting, this position will be primarily working at our OPMH clinic within the hospital with some possibility of attending to the off site Wellness Clinic. 
 Responsibilities will include: 
Reception duties and telephone communication, responding to voicemails 
Registering patients, booking follow up appointments and keeping schedules organized for in person, phone and virtual care 
Processing patient orders through computer 
Managing/sorting/sending faxes and materials for health records 
Arranging meetings and appointments 
Calling extra staff for sick call replacement 
Typing/filing of patient reports, preparing letters for physicians when needed 
Prepping and processing patient charts and restocking (assembling) new charts and pulling and taking apart discharged charts 
Managing creating new resources/appointment types, discharging accounts if requested 
Assistance with payroll entry 
Ordering and monitoring inventory of supplies 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate must be available for Monday - Saturdays days (0730-1530; 0830-1630; 0900-1700). Schedules may change based on operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND CUP C03:  $23.90 – 26.89 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Recent Unit Secretary experience in a hospital outpatient setting 
Recent Unit Secretary Experience in a Mental Health setting required 
Excellent public relations, interpersonal, communication and organization skills 
Previous experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Outlook) with a minimum typing speed of 45 w.p.m. 
Previous experience using Meditech is an asset 
Previous experience using Community Wide Scheduling is an asset 
Knowledge of and/or completion of a medical terminology course 
Ability to work in a busy environment where patients are experiencing emotional and mental health difficulties 
Previous experience in mental health services will be an asset 
Demonstrated good attendance record with the ability to maintain this same standard 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required. 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
