
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Rume (S20) 
 Video chat that doesn't feel like work 
 Founding Enginneer 
 $100k - $150k • 0.20% - 3.00% 
 Location 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Rume 
 About the role 
 Skills:  JavaScript, Node.js, Google Cloud 
 About Rume (YC S20) 
 People are feeling more alone than ever before but the tools we use to communicate make socializing feel like work. Rume  (rumevideo.com)  is a social video chat platform that recreates the dynamics of a party, not a meeting. We're building a social network focused on spending time together, not just sharing content. 
 We just raised a seed round and we're growing the team. This role will work directly with the founding team as our first hire — we're looking for a partner that will help shape the direction of the product and the company. 
 Rume works by helping people express the nuance and emotion of social interactions. We're innovating in the ways people talk, see, and interact on video chat. To achieve this, first and foremost our foundation must be rock solid — Rume fades into the background so that you can focus on what really matters, people! 
 The job 
 Rume wasn’t built in a day. Brick by brick you’ll build a resilient infrastructure to deliver a high quality video experience. Your job is to make sure Rume works, always. This means: 
 
 Building best in class video chat reliability to rival Zoom. Regardless of how slow your connection is, Rume should work. The state of the art isn't good enough — you should be clever with your solutions and understand what matters to our users. 
 Scaling Rume to the world. Socializing is a global need, we intend Rume to be used by everyone. 
 Building tools to help us understand the health of our platform. When someone has a problem, we should know. 
 Thinking long term — defining our infrastructure roadmap, growing a team, and building a culture of engineering excellence. 
 
 A real world example 
 Problem:  Rume works well for up to 15 people but after that, high CPU and bandwidth load start to degrade the experience client side. We're working on compositing multiple video streams server side to lessen the burden. However, this comes with whole different set of challenges from increased latency to server side CPU tradeoffs. Your job would be to build a custom MCU that manages these tradeoffs tuned to our specific use case. 
 We're looking for 
 Someone who is excited about building a world class video infrastructure and growing a team to help do it. 
 Experience that is pretty much required 
 
 Experience working on scaling video infrastructure 
 
 Experiences that would be helpful (but are fine if you don't have) 
 
 Experience maintaining a VPC on AWS or GCP 
 Microservice design patterns and communication 
 Experience with Firebase, PostgreSQL, and Redis 
 Configuration management 
 Experience with websockets (Socketio) 
 CI/CD (we use gitlab) 
 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Rume 
 Founding Enginneer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Backend 
 $100k - $150k 
 0.20% - 3.00% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
