Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Visiting Professor 
 Jobs and Grants: Application deadlines coming up (January 2017) 
 Posted on  January 4, 2017  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 
 Hebrew lectureship  at Fordham, apply by January 15, 2017. 
 Summer Institute for Israel Studies , Faculty fellowship, apply by January 20, 2017. 
 Yad Hanadiv visiting fellowships  in Jewish Studies, apply by January 31, 2017. 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Travel grant ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Scholar in Jewish Studies (Rutgers, apply by Dec 7, 2015) 
 Posted on  November 9, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Rutgers University-New Brunswick 
 School of Arts & Sciences: Department of Jewish Studies 
 VISITING SCHOLAR IN JEWISH STUDIES 
 Location:  New Brunswick, NJ 
 Closes:  Dec 7, 2015  at 11:59 PM Eastern Time 
(GMT-5 hours) 
 The Allen and Joan Bildner Center for the Study of Jewish Life at Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, invites applications for a visiting scholar during the 2016-17 academic year. Candidates may apply for a one-semester fellowship, either Spring or Fall term, or for a full academic year. The field of expertise within Jewish Studies is open. The deadline for applications and letters of reference is December 7, 2015. 
 The visiting scholar will receive a stipend of $30,000 per semester, an office at the Bildner Center on the Rutgers New Brunswick campus, as well as access to the University’s library system. The scholar may be asked to teach a course in Jewish Studies, depending on the needs of the Department of Jewish Studies. In addition, the scholar will be asked to participate in the Bildner Center’s educational programs, which may include giving a public lecture or a faculty seminar, conducting informal meetings with students, or a teachers’ workshop. 
 Qualifications 
 A Ph.D. is required at the time of application; academic rank and field of expertise within Jewish Studies are open. 
 Application Instructions 
 Applications should include a  curriculum vitae  , a research statement, and short descriptions of public lectures and courses that the candidate can offer. Candidates should request two letters of reference to be addressed to Professor Yael Zerubavel, Director of Bildner Center. All materials must be received by December 7, 2015. Inquiries may be sent via email to csjl@rci.rutgers.edu. 
 Apply online through Interfolio: http://apply.interfolio.com/32872 
 Posted in  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc ,  Scholarship ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 20, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Virginia, Jewish Studies Program 
 Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty/Lecturer in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 23, 2016. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Applicants who currently have a permanent appointment elsewhere will hold the visiting rank commensurate with rank at home institution. Applicants who do not have a permanent appointment elsewhere will be eligible for the rank of lecturer. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University. Review of applications will begin on November 2 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through  Jobs@UVa  (   https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0617348. Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter addressed to Professor Alon Confino, Chair, Israel Studies Search, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Julie Garmel at  jg4e@virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 You can always see the most up-to-date version of the H-net ad at:  https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=51753 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobseekers ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Grants and Fellowships: Various (postdoc, graduate, visiting scholar) at Concordia U (deadlines: April 30 and May 5, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 24, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The  Concordia University   Institute for Canadian Jewish Studies  is glad to announce that  several fellowships  and  awards  are available for the year 2015-2016. Please kindly note that the  submission deadline  is  April 30, 2015 . 
 In addition, we are are pleased to announce that the Institute is offering  financial support  in the form of grants and scholarships in the following categories this year:  graduate and post-doctoral fellowships  as well as  visiting researchers opportunities . Deadline for these is May 5th. 
   
 Click here  for further information on graduate fellowships and awards (deadline: April 30, 2015). 
 Click here  for the graduate fellowship brochure (deadline: May 5, 2015) 
 Click here  for various funding opportunities, including graduate fellowships, postdoctoral fellowships and visiting scholars (deadline: May 5, 2015) 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Graduate Fellowships ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc ,  Scholarship ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Postdoctoral Research Associate of Israeli Culture, U Illinois UC (Deadline: March 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  February 3, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program in Jewish Culture and Society at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign invites applications for a postdoctoral research associate for the 2015-2016 academic year. Proposed research projects should have the potential to make a significant contribution to the field of Israeli Culture. Recipients must be in residence full-time at the Universitys Urbana campus for the duration of the service period (August 2015-May 2016) and may not hold other fellowships or awards during the service period. Associates will teach one course each semester. Please include information about teaching experience and list 2-3 courses focusing on Israeli culture you would be interested in teaching. You may include syllabi with your application.Responsibilities include a public lecture and participation in the faculty workshop as part of the Israel Studies Project at the university. Initial interviews may be conducted at the American Comparative Literature Association annual conference in Seattle, March 26-29, only for those attending. The majority of interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Stipend and Benefits 
 Nine-month salary of $42,000 paid over a 12-month period, including health, dental and life insurance benefits, as well as participation in the State Universities Retirement System (SURS). Eligibility for the listed benefits is contingent on your citizenship or work authorization. For full details on eligibility requirements, please reference  http://www.ahr.illinois.edu/employees/current/other.html#Benefits . 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 PhD (degree conferral obtained between 8/16/12 - 3/1/15). The primary focus of the successful candidates research must be Israeli Culture, Hebrew Literature, Israeli Cinema, Israeli Art or other relevant field. Expected to teach courses in Hebrew literature and Israeli Culture. 
 To Apply 
 To apply for the postdoctoral position, we will need the following: 
 
 Letter of intent addressed to Professor Harris 
 Curriculum vitae 
 Statement of the research/writing project to be undertaken during the appointment 
 Scholarly writing sample 
 Graduate transcripts (copies are acceptable, but official transcripts may be requested at a later date) 
 Contact information for two professional references. You must request that your letter writers email their recommendations directly to the program by the deadline: 
 
 Please send all documents to  jewishculture@illinois.edu . 
 To be considered, applications must be submitted by March 1, 2015. 
 Additional materials may be requested at a later date. 
 __ 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies, University of Virginia (2015-2016) 
 Posted on  September 8, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 25, 2015. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Rank will be commensurate with rank at home institution. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University.  Review of applications will begin on November 1  and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD and currently be employed at an institution of higher learning with an academic title at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through Jobs@UVa ( https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0614787.  Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Gabriel Finder at  gfinder[at]virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Professor in Israel Studies, U Calgary, 6 months (2014-2015) 
 Posted on  March 24, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Israel Studies Program at the University of Calgary invites applications to fill a Visiting Professor position in Israel Studies, for 6 months during the 2014-2015 Academic Year (either fall 2014 (July to December) or winter 2015 (January through June). 
 Applicants from a variety of disciplines are invited to apply, but the successful candidate should hold a Ph.D. in a field of specialization such as Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, History, Literature, Film or Cultural Studies, International Relations, Public Affairs, or Communications Studies. Applicants must be engaging teachers who are fluent in both Hebrew and English. 
 The appointee will be expected to teach 2 courses on topics relating to modern Israel, and should also be prepared to give a public lecture in the Calgary area as well as one to the University of Calgary community. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a list of courses they are prepared to teach, a C.V. and three confidential letters of reference by April 15th, 2014. Submissions should be sent electronically to Florentine Strzelczyk, Vice Dean of the Faculty of Arts,  strzelcz@ucalgary.ca . 
 All qualified candidates are eligible to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 JOB: UCSD Fall Quarter, Hebrew Literature (fixed term) 
 Posted on  November 12, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of California - San Diego - Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature 
 UC San Diego Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature, Fall Quarter 2014 
 The Judaic Studies Program housed in the department of History within the Division of Arts and Humanities at UC San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body. We invite applicants for a one quarter visiting position at UC-San Diego during the fall quarter of 2014. The successful candidate will teach two courses, one to be a survey of Modern Hebrew Literature in translation, the other in an area of Judaic Studies of their choice. Candidates should be eager to engage with faculty and graduate students in Literature and Judaic Studies while at UCSD, and be prepared to deliver a public seminar on their research during the quarter. We welcome applicants with a comparative focus, as well as those with an emphasis in Hebrew language and literature. Junior applicants are especially encouraged to apply, although visiting senior candidates will also be considered. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong or potential accomplishments in areas committed to diversity, equality and inclusion, and a desire to play leadership role in advancing UC San Diego's commitment to achieving excellence and diversity. 
 Applicants should submit a cover letter, cv, and a sample syllabus, as well as three letters of recommendation to Sally Hargate at  judaicstudies@ucsd.ed  by January 15, 2014. 
 UCSD is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to excellence through diversity. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48025 
 -- 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Hebrew literature ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs ,  University of California ,  ספרות עברית  |   Leave a reply 
 Fellowship: Visiting Israel Professors in the United States, 2013-2014 
 Posted on  July 10, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 AICE Visiting Israel Professors 
 Announcement for 2013-2014 
 
 The nonprofit  American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise (AICE)  is now accepting applications from Israeli faculty interested in being considered as Visiting Israel Professors in the United States for the 2013-14 academic year. Positions are for the full academic year. A limited number of shorter-term positions  may  be available depending on funding. 
 The  aim of the program  is to present American students with a broad understanding of Israel's history, society, politics, culture and relations with its neighbors and the broader international community. Applicants should hold a Ph.D., have a distinguished publishing record and be prepared to spend a full academic year in residence at the U.S. institution. AICE Visiting Israel Professors should also be fluent in English and engaging teachers as they will be expected to teach  four courses  , at least two on topics relating to  modern Israel . 
 The definition of Israel studies varies among the campuses and positions, but should be considered flexible. The greatest demand is usually in the fields of history and political science; however, scholars in other fields of social science, humanities (literature, film, art, dance, music, etc.), as well as law and education will also be considered 
 Visitors will be asked to participate in an orientation conference, usually held during the summer in Israel. They should also be prepared to spend time and work with students and faculty outside of their classes and to engage in public education about Israel through the media and by speaking on campus and in the community. 
 Since the program began in 2006, AICE has brought more than  100 visiting scholars to more than 50 campuses  across the country. AICE is  currently supporting scholars  at 22 universities including Berkeley, the U.S. Naval Academy, Tulane, George Washington and Virginia. Some of these institutions may receive grants for 2013-14, but other universities will be added to this list. 
 AICE recommends scholars to the universities, but the institutions ultimately make hiring decisions and negotiate directly with the scholar terms of employment. AICE does not pay any funds directly to scholars, with the exception of reimbursing expenses associated with participation in the AICE orientation meeting. 
 AICE will not fund a professor for more than three years. The purpose of the program is to facilitate an exchange of knowledge, to build international cooperation and to promote the field of Israel studies. To ensure that the exchange objectives of the program are respected, and the impact on the brain drain from Israel is minimized, professors are expected to return to Israel upon completion of their visit. 
 Interviews will be conducted in Israel in October 2012. 
 Thanks to the generous support of the Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Foundation, AICE will select at least 20 major American universities to receive grants to appoint Schusterman Visiting Israel Professors. We anticipate funding from other foundations to support several additional visiting professors. Each university will receive $60,000 toward the salary, benefits and travel expenses of the Visiting Israel Professor. Universities will be required to contribute a minimum of $15,000. 
 To be considered as an AICE Visiting Professor, please send a CV and cover letter that includes courses you would like to teach and a sample syllabus (that may be published on our web site). 
 Materials should be submitted by September 1, 2012 . 
 Forward all correspondence:  aiceresearch@gmail.com 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Teaching ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East 
 Posted on  May 5, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East 
 **** 
 University of Oxford  - Faculty of Oriental Studies 
 Faculty of Oriental Studies, Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
 
 Salary:  Grade 7 in the range £29,249 - £31,020 p.a. 
 
 Closing Date:  05 June 2012 
 The University proposes to appoint a full-time Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East in the Faculty of Oriental Studies for up to a year to provide teaching, administration and examining during the academic year 2012-2013. 
 This is a temporary appointment to provide interim cover during the research leave of the permanent postholder, Dr Eugene Rogan. The principal duties of the post are to give lectures, classes and tutorials in the Modern History of the Middle East; to supervise dissertations; to examine; to carry out research; and to play a part in administrative work relating to the Islamic World Subject Group. 
 Applicants must hold a doctorate in the field of the Modern History of the Middle East; have a primary expertise in one or other aspect of modern Arab history, and be able to demonstrate competence to teach late Ottoman, modern Turkish, and Israeli history at undergraduate and graduate levels; have a research command in Arabic and/or another modern Middle Eastern language, and in at least one European language (in addition to English); be able to demonstrate a commitment to publishing research of the highest calibre; be able and willing to undertake limited administrative responsibilities; and have good communication, interpersonal and organisational skills. 
 Closing date for applications is 12 noon on Tuesday 5 June 2012. Applications for this vacancy are to be made online: 
 https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Professor, Middle Eastern History (Tulane U) 
 Posted on  March 4, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Tulane University seeks a visiting assistant professor for a one-year position in Middle Eastern history, starting August 2012. Areas of preference include, but are not limited to, the history of Islam, modern Israel and/or the Arab-Israeli conflict. The position will be a joint appointment between the History and Jewish Studies departments. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a CV, teaching portfolio or sample syllabi, and three letters of reference to the chair of the search committee, Michael Cohen, at  ,  by March 26, 2012 . 
 Tulane University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to excellence through diversity. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew at Middlebury College 
 Posted on  June 21, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 MIDDLEBURY COLLEGE, MIDDLEBURY, VT 05753 seeks a Visiting Assistant Professor, Instructor (ABD), or Lecturer (M.A. or equivalent) for a one-year term position in Modern Hebrew Language and Culture, beginning September 2011, with possibility of a two-year extension. 
 Candidates applying at the Lecturer rank should have a proven record of excellence in Hebrew language teaching at the college/university level. The successful candidate will teach beginning and intermediate Hebrew, as well as tutorials for advanced students. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew is required. **Interested candidates attending the June 2011 conference of the NAPH should contact the search committee chair immediately to arrange for a preliminary interview. **Candidates will be asked to provide evidence of accomplishment and/or commitment to excellent teaching. 
 Send letter of application with a statement on pedagogy and teaching interests, curriculum vitae, graduate transcript, and three current letters of recommendation, at least two of which must speak to teaching ability, to: 
 Prof. Robert Schine, Modern Hebrew Search Committee Chair 
 Religion Department, Munroe Hall, Middlebury College, 
 Middlebury, VT 05753, 
 or by email to 
  . 
 Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Middlebury College is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to recruiting a diverse faculty to complement its increasingly diverse student body. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Modern History of the Middle East, Oxford 
 Posted on  April 20, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Departmental Lecturership in the Modern History of the Middle East 
 Salary Grade 7, £29,099 – £35,788 per annum 
 The University proposes to appoint a full-time Departmental Lecturer in the Modern History of the Middle East to provide teaching, administration and examining during the academic year 2011-2012. 
 This is a temporary appointment to provide interim cover during the research leave of the permanent post holder, Dr Eugene Rogan. The principal duties of the post are to give lectures, classes and tutorials in the Modern History of the Middle East; to supervise dissertations; to examine; to carry out research; and to play a part in administrative work relating to the Islamic World Subject Group. 
 Applicants must hold a doctorate in the field of the Modern History of the Middle East; have a primary expertise in one or other aspect of modern Arab history, and be able to demonstrate competence to teach late Ottoman, modern Turkish, and Israeli history at undergraduate and graduate levels; have a research command in Arabic and/or another modern Middle Eastern language, and in at least one European language (in addition to English); be able to demonstrate a commitment to publishing research of the highest calibre; be able and willing to undertake limited administrative responsibilities; and have good communication, interpersonal and organisational skills. 
 Applicants are asked to arrange for three letters of reference to reach the Faculty by the closing date for applications, which is 12 noon on Friday 13 May 2011. 
 Applications for this vacancy are to be made online. To apply for this role and for further details, including the job description and selection criteria, please click on the link below: 
 https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hris.liverecruit/erg_jobsepc_version_4.jobspec?p_id=100209 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Mirowski Visiting Professor in Israel Studies, Temple University 
 Posted on  January 11, 2010  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Mirowski Visiting Professor in Israel Studies 
 Temple University invites applicants for a visiting research appointment in Israel Studies for the 2010-2011 academic year. The position is open rank, and both senior and promising younger scholars from the U.S., Israel, or elsewhere are encouraged to apply. The area of research specialization is open. 
 The Mirowski Visiting Professor will teach one course per semester on topics related to the applicant's research interests. The scholar will also give public lectures (or exhibit creative work), and will be available to the broader Temple community for presentations. Salary is competitive. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a 2-4 page description of your current research, and a C.V. by March 15, 2010. Three confidential letters of reference must be submitted separately and come directly from the writer or from a dossier service. We prefer electronic submission of all materials. Please direct applications to mirowski@temple.edu. Paper materials may be addressed to: 
 The Mirowski Award 
c/o Dr. Peter Logan 
1008 Gladfelter Hall (045-25) 
1115 W. Berks Street 
Philadelphia, PA 19122-6089 
USA 
 For all inquiries, contact Peter Logan at  mirowski@temple.edu . Temple University is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from members of underrepresented groups. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
