Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Maintenance Electrician - Brampton, ON, Canada 
 Owens-Illinois 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
 Remember the last time you opened a bottle of champagne? A cold beer after a hard day’s work or a bottle of sparkling mineral water to quench your thirst? Well, it was probably made by us. We are O-I and we love that we make more glass containers than anyone in the world. 
 O-I has more than a century of experience crafting pure, sustainable, brand-building glass packaging for many of the world’s best-known food and beverage brands. We are proud to provide high quality glass packaging for beer, wine, spirits, food, non-alcoholic beverages, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 
 With nearly 27,000 employees and an unparalleled footprint spanning almost 80 plants in 23 countries, O-I is a truly global maker of glass packaging. 
 From engineering and manufacturing to brand development, design and innovation, we are dedicated to providing unique solutions to exceed our customers’ expectations and fuel consumers’ desire for glass. 
 Your Role: 
 You will have to maintain all electrical equipment in the facility including the plant machinery, structures and component parts on which work is being performed. 
 Your Responsibilities: 
 
 Follows all department and plant SOPs and policies. 
 Works from complex blue prints, wiring diagrams, shop hand books, layouts and other specifications (written or verbal) to determine materials and working procedures needed in the maintenance of plant machinery, equipment and structures. 
 Repair and installation of electrical or electronic equipment and component parts. 
 Respond to calls and alarm systems for electrical issues. 
 Maintains alarm systems. 
 Installs, maintains, repairs, dismantles, overhauls, reassembles, adjusts and tests various types of plant machinery, equipment, structures and component parts. 
 Plans and performs work requiring a thorough knowledge of electrical principles, properties of various materials, principles of operation and application of equipment such as motors, switches, generators, conveyors, machinery, etc. 
 Check forming machines, heat exchangers, and Lehr’s. 
 Installs electrical work per state and federal and company requirements/laws. 
 All other duties as assigned 
 
 Reporting Relationships: 
 You will report to the Maintenance Shift Supervisor. 
Position Requirements: 
About You: 
 
 309A Electrical Ticket is essential. 
 Certified Electronic Technicians (CET) would be a plus. 
 Industrial electrician experience of over 5 years is preferred. 
 Prefers someone with experience with high voltage work. 
 Must have experience using hand tools and power tools. 
 Must have experience and basic knowledge of computers and be able to learn programs necessary to carry out job functions. 
 Prefers someone with strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to read blueprints, diagrams and drawings. 
 Must be able to lift 50 lbs. on a regular basis.. 
 Must be able to read, write, and communicate using English language 
 
 What We Offer: 
 
 Comprehensive benefits package 
 Relaxed dress code 
 Competitive pay rate 
 
 If you are smart, passionate, innovative, culturally open, curious and collaborative, we’d like to hear from you. 
 O-I is committed to fostering an inclusive environment that attracts and embraces the brightest minds and creates a culture that welcomes a diversity of ideas and perspectives while encouraging growth and rewarding performance. 
 Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodations. 
 Must be authorized to work in Canada on a full-time basis. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
