Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Natural Foods Clerk (Full-time) 
 Fortinos Highway 7 & Ansley Grove 
 __Vaughan, ON 
 Apply Now 
 
 To respond immediately to any customer inquiries, requests and complaints, ensuring courteous customer relations at all times; 
 To prepare and package merchandise for displays, with focus on organic bakery products, meats and produce items; 
 To fill and maintain displays of natural foods and organic products, ensuring merchandise meets Company standards; 
 To actively approach customers in a friendly manner to promote natural products; 
 To recommend and sell Natural Foods and related products and services to customers; 
 To help direct department staff as required; 
 To ensure that the safety and sanitation of the department meets with Company standards; 
 To perform other duties as assigned. 
 
 The Ideal Candidate Would Possess: 
 
 The ideal candidate must possess a minimum of 2 years’ health food experience, preferably in a retail food environment; 
 **  A designation of a Registered Holistic Nutritionist is required. ** 
 Experience in naturopathic medicine with sound knowledge in nutrition, homeopathy and herbal medicine are considered assets; 
 Flexibility to work a variety of hours, including days, evenings and weekends; 
 Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment, under pressure; 
 Proven organization, communication and interpersonal skills. 
 
 ONLY THOSE SELECTED FOR AN INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED. 
 We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. 
 If you are contacted by us regarding a job opportunity or interview, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 NOTE: The Employer noted in this posting is an independently owned corporation (“Franchisee”) which is licensed to use the “FORTINOS” trademark(s) by Loblaw Inc. If an applicant is hired by the Franchisee, then his/her employer will be the Franchisee. No employment or similar relationship will be created between the applicant and Loblaws Inc. or its affiliates. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
