Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AR & Treasury Analyst 
 FYidoctors 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 FYidoctors, Canada’s fastest-growing eye care provider, is a young and exciting entrepreneurial company. What started as a small group of 30 optometrists has grown to over 500 optometrists and 252 locations in only twelve years! Our model is unique. We believe in progressive lens technology and manufacturing (at our own manufacturing facility right here in Canada), investing in the most current diagnostic equipment, and a consultative culture led by some of Canada’s most respected and reputable optometrists. We believe our success comes from our passionate people, and we require energetic and enthusiastic leaders to join this dynamic team. 
 If this sounds like a company that you would like to work for, now is your opportunity. We are currently recruiting a full-time AR & Treasury Analyst to cover a 15-month maternity leave at our Home Office located in Calgary, AB. 
 As the AR & Treasury Analyst, you will report to the AR & Treasury Team Lead and be responsible for performing a variety of accounting functions such as mentoring clinics on their Accounts Receivable and Treasury functions. The ideal candidate will be bilingual (English & French), possess strong analytical skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and an ability to motivate and mentor team members to help build a strong cohesive accounting unit. 
 MAJOR ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Prepare monthly outstanding AR and cash reconciliation reports for clinics. 
Follow up with clinics on outstanding issues, providing guidance and assistance. 
Book monthly revenue and cash journal entries into the financial system. 
Investigate any variances between the point of sale and financial system. 
Train and assist new clinics joining the FYi family until they are comfortable with systems and processes. 
Process patient refunds. 
Assist clinics with questions related to location financial statements. 
Perform a variety of month-end procedures including preparing or approving of manual journal entries and preparing working papers. 
Analyze and reconcile variances between the general ledger, sub-ledgers, and systems. 
Assist the Accounting team in creating and improving internal reporting information 
Constantly evaluate, identify, and implement process efficiencies by challenging current procedures and activities. 
Provide leadership to various clinics including on-the-job coaching and mentoring. 
Lead process improvement and be results-driven. 
Ensure internal control environment is operating effectively. 
Assistance during audits as required. 
Add to a fun and energetic environment. 
Assist in the completion of special projects and/or adhoc projects, as required. 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: 
Working knowledge and proficiency of Microsoft Office products, specifically MS Excel. 
Experience using Netsuite is considered an asset. 
Candidates possessing an inquisitive nature and a drive to make improvements will be very comfortable in this role 
Strong problem solving and reconciliation skills. 
The candidate is a professional, analytical, independent thinker and likes to have fun! 
The candidate is a hands-on performer who can both create accounting and financial information and evaluate that information critically. 
Attention to detail, organized and thorough, with a desire for continuous improvement. 
 Demonstrated leadership competencies:  able to positively influence others, coach, mentor, and effectively direct work when required. 
A team player by nature but be able to lead as needed. 
Possess strong communication skills to provide guidance and/or instruction to peers in the organization, adapts their information/style to the audience, and explains difficult issues clearly to the appropriate audience. 
S/he must have integrity beyond reproach. 
 QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: 
Completion of a degree is considered an asset. 
A minimum of 1-3 years of accounting or optical experience is required. 
Experience in a retail accounting setting would be advantageous. 
Experience in a manufacturing, health care, retail, or service industry is considered an asset. 
Fluency in English and French is required. 
 Our rapid and continued growth ensures that our employees are constantly challenged and rewarded. We value employees by fostering collaboration, providing ongoing training and development opportunities, and rewarding those who want to lead and exceed expectations. As a valued asset to our team, you can expect a comprehensive rewards package, including a competitive base salary and benefits. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
