Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Purchasing Officer 
 United Medical Suppliers, Inc. 
 __Greater Toronto Area, ON 
 Apply Now 
 United Medical Suppliers, Inc., is the fastest growing, refurbished medical equipment company in the industry. We pride ourselves in being one of the best flexible & rigid endoscopy repair company. 
 We offer all our customers the highest quality workmanship, with fast turnaround. With over 10 years of experience, we are able provide our clients with the highest level of customer service, with low and competitive pricing. 
 We are looking for a fast-pace, hardworking individual who has current or previous experience as a purchasing officer within the medical industry. Who is great working in a team environment and has great communication and customer service skills. A college degree in this or a similar field is preferred. 
 We are looking for an individual who is able to form lasting relations with cliental, consult with suppliers, and has the ability to help promote our business to potential clients. You must be able to evaluate product quality, research different vendors, and negotiate contracts. As well, you must have good knowledge of market research, along with solid analytical skills to make sure you're identifying the most profitable offers. 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 1 - 2 Years (Preferred) 
 Purchasing Assistant/Officer: 3 - 5 Years (Required) 
 Experience in Hospitals/Clinics: 3 - 5 Years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 College Degree: (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 Bilingual: (Preferred) 
 
 Job Type: Commission 
 Experience: 
 
 Purchasing: 3 years (Required) 
 hospital/clinic: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
