Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Family Services Manager, Qwalayu House 
 Children's Health Foundation of Vancouver Island 
 __Vancouver Island, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Position title:  Family Services Manager, Qwalayu House 
 Reports to:  Director of Finance, Operations & IT 
 Location:  Campbell River, BC 
 Hours of work:  Monday-Friday, 37.5 hours/week with occasional evening and weekend work 
 About us: 
 Children’s Health Foundation of Vancouver Island (CHFVI) is dedicated to ensuring all Island kids have access to the health care they need. We believe every child deserves the same opportunity in life, regardless of disability or health challenges. For more than 90 years the foundation has funded community health programs, facilities, and initiatives to support every Island family in finding care for their children. We are a passionate team with an experienced board of directors committed to transforming the lives of children and youth with physical and mental health challenges. Kids may only make up 21% of our Island’s population, but they are 100% of our future. 
 “Qwalayu” is an endearing term used by Indigenous Elders when they speak of their babies and children as their reason for being. Qwalayu House is a home away from home in Campbell River for expectant mothers and families, providing a place to stay while they or their children receive medical care. 
 Who we’re looking for: 
 The  Family Services Manager  is responsible for ensuring that Qwalayu House is an inclusive and welcoming home for families with children receiving health care in Campbell River. This position is responsible for the safe and efficient day-to-day operations of Qwalayu House, including overseeing the grounds, house maintenance, and managing small projects. We’re looking for someone who can be the public face of CHFVI and model our values and vision of ensuring every Island kid has access to the health care they need. You’ll thrive in this role if you’re a compassionate leader capable of connecting with and respecting people from all cultures and walks of life. 
 Why join us? 
 Are you looking for a career where you can make a difference? The work you do with CHFVI will have a direct and positive impact on children and families in your community. The Foundation believes in providing its employees with a respectful and inspiring workplace, and offers competitive salaries, comprehensive extended health and dental benefits, and a pension program. In this role at Qwalayu House, you’ll have the opportunity to support families in difficult times to make their lives a little bit easier, while leading a compassionate and cohesive team. 
 Duties and responsibilities: 
 
 Assist with room bookings 
 Ensure the house is full stocked with appropriate staples and supplies 
 Coordinate and participate in overall maintenance and cleaning activities, ensuring rooms are kept in good order, common areas are clean, and household laundry and cleaning duties are completed regularly 
 Monitor, adapt and implement annual preventative maintenance plan for the house including fire and emergency protocols 
 Manage small projects as needed 
 Provide guest orientation upon arrival 
 Promote house rules and policies 
 Manage bookkeeping for the house utilizing the Foundation’s approved processes and systems 
 Hire, train, mentor, and lead staff to build a dynamic and cohesive team 
 Manage a comprehensive volunteer program, including acting as the primary contact for volunteers, assessing skills and abilities, maintaining a volunteer schedule, and communicating opportunities to volunteers 
 Support fundraising efforts that are coordinated by CHFVI’s fund development team 
 Maintain basic financial records for Qwalayu House with support from CHFVI’s finance team 
 Prepare and submit regular reporting to the Foundation’s office in Victoria 
 
 Required education, skills, and experience: 
 
 A minimum of 10 years relevant work experience, including tourism and hospitality, operations, or social services 
 Excellent communication skills with a variety of stakeholders (e.g. families, medical community, volunteers, potential donors, community programs, to name a few) with emphasis on communication with the residents 
 Organized and self-motivated, respectful, and non-judgemental; caring and compassionate with an understanding of boundaries 
 Leadership experience relevant to training and managing a small staff team 
 Experience working with volunteers 
 Demonstrate cultural competency, humility, and safety with an understanding of truth and reconciliation 
 Computer literacy sufficient to operate scheduling software and database in addition to internet and email 
 Ability to undertake some physical work that involves light lifting i.e., household laundry and cleaning 
 Ability to multi-task a variety of responsibilities related to the day-to-day operations of a large household 
 Valid Class 5 Driver’s Licence and access to a vehicle required for occasional travel 
 High school diploma and/or some college or university education in social work, child and youth work, or another health-related discipline is an asset 
 Level 1 First Aid is an asset 
 Knowledge of fund development principles or previous fundraising experience is an asset 
 
 Application information: 
 If this position sounds like a great fit for you, please email your cover letter, resume, and two professional references with  “Family Services Manager”  in the subject line. The application deadline is 12pm on Wednesday, December 2, 2020. We thank all applicants for their interest however only those shortlisted will be contacted. To learn more about Children’s Health Foundation of Vancouver Island, please visit us at www.islandkidsfirst.com. 
 Reference ID: Family Services Manager 
 Application Deadline: 2020-12-02 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Night shift 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
