Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Interview references  / Job References: What If Former Bosses Don't Work There Anymore? 
 Job References: What If Former Bosses Don't Work There Anymore? 
 By  Ronnie Ann   3 Comments 
 Hi Ronnie Ann. I am a Preschool teacher wanting to return to work. Unfortunately, the places I have been employed have a huge employee turnover rate. So my former bosses don't work there anymore. In fact, NONE of my previous directors or co-workers are currently employed at those places. 
 How do I handle this lack of good references on  job applications ? I don't have a problem with prospective employers contacting previous employment places. But there is no one currently employed who knows me. And definitely no previous boss. 
 It looks pretty bad on applications if I mark “No. May not contact.” Even part-time for summer jobs I had, either the former supervisor is no longer around, the company changed names, or the company is no longer in existence. 
 Please, I need your expert help. I don't want to lose any possible job opportunities due to this. And I have an excellent work history. In all cases, I left positions for good reasons, including an unforeseen medical issue, pregnancy, moved or needed full-time hours. 
 Thanks for your time and advice. 
 ~ TB 
 
 If former bosses don't work at former jobs… 
 Hi TB! 
 First … don’t worry. There’s usually a way around a situation like this. Not everyone stays in their jobs -– no matter what the industry. So sometimes references disappear. And most future employers know that. 
 Also, with such a high turnover rate in your field, odds are your prospective employer will be even more likely to understand. These things happen. And if an employer needs to hire good people, they find a way to check them out. 
 More than ever,  companies turn to"online snooping." . And then there are companies they can hire that research people, especially if you'll be working with children. Or, if none of that works for them … they can use their gut to make the final decision. 
 So definitely mark “May contact.” And if there is a place on the application to explain your situation, do so clearly and simply. You might even want to prepare a separate sheet to attach that has your explanation -- as well as several good references. I've used that technique in my own job searches. 
 So where do you get these references? 
 If former bosses don't work where they once did, it’s worth making a strong effort to get in touch with someone with whom you worked. Even if you have to track them down on  LinkedIn  or do your own snooping online to find them. 
 Hopefully you were friendly with some of the people and actually know where they are now. Or sometimes, as I mentioned, it just takes a little detective work. You'd be surprised how much you can find online now if you really dig in and look. 
 Also, you can ask your former companies if the people you knew left forwarding addresses. Or phone numbers. Or whether  anyone  working there now knows how to get in touch with someone who knows you. 
 Just explain your situation. And be very friendly and polite. Sometimes the former company will even contact them for you and ask if it’s ok for you to contact them. 
 Will these references be good enough? 
 Assuming they don’t mind, it’s perfectly fine to use these people as references. Even if they are no longer at the company you worked for. Just make sure you explain to your prospective employer that they used to be at ABC Company and are now at XYZ Company. (Again, you can use your reference sheet to do that briefly.) 
 As for the place that had a name change, that’s ok too. A name change doesn’t mean there isn’t still someone there who remembers you. At least, it’s worth trying. Just list the company name as it was when you worked for them. And in parentheses add the new company name: (LMN Company (now known as QRS, Inc.) 
 You say you have an excellent work history, but it's hard to prove it unless you have someone to vouch for you. Or solid documentation like performance reviews. Understandably anyone applying for a job working with children has to find good references. 
 Just as a note:  If you haven’t maintained contact with people from the past, please remember to do so from now on. You can see how important it can be! 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  Start Building Networking Connections That Last! 
 Are there good alternatives to work references? 
 Now if you absolutely can’t find anyone you’ve worked with (and it still would be best if you could), then you need to come up with someone you’ve volunteered for. And / or a person of professional standing -– especially in the education field -– who could provide you with a reference if needed. 
 If all this fails, just be honest with your potential employer and explain the situation carefully. And honestly. Tell them you're excited about coming back to work and would love to work for this company. Then ask what they would accept instead of work references, saying you’d be happy to do whatever it takes. Even if that means a trial period. 
 Again, if former bosses don't work there anymore and your goal is simply to make it past the application stage, you can prepare that reference sheet. Just include it with your application. Next to each name, explain who this person is. And add a note on top explaining why these alternatives to direct bosses. It may just do the trick. 
 Addressing the gap question 
 By the way … I assume since you have no current references, it’s been a while since you’ve worked. This will bring up  gap questions . Also the fact that you’ve had quite a few jobs will raise questions. 
 Still, it sounds like you have good reasons for leaving. Just be prepared to address the issues in detail during an interview. Any employer wants to feel secure that you're ready to work again. And will stay with them for as long as possible. 
 One last trick 
 If you try everything and still run up against a roadblock (and I hope that’s not the case), then take a refresher course. And do your very best. Get to know your teacher. And make a good impression. 
 If the class has a student-teaching component, then get to know that teacher.  A related volunteer job could also help . This way you can get yourself some fresh references -- even if your old former bosses don't work where you did anymore.. 🙂 
 I wish you all the best. Good luck! 
 ~ Ronnie Ann 
 [Post updated 2020] 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  Job References: Sample Reference Page (with Notes) 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 More job search posts 
 Is Your Online Reputation Hurting Your Job Search? 
 Will Volunteering During Job Search Get You a Job? 
 What Are Transferable Skills? 
 What Is a Reference Checker? 
 15 Job Search Tips To Help You Get a Job 
 So Many Mistakes! How Do I Start My Career Over? 
 Help! I Want to Return to My Previous Career 
 Career Goals: Put Small Steps to Work on Big Goals! 
 How To Mentally Prepare for a Job Interview 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 Job Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 5 “Secrets” If You’re Worrying About a Job Interview 
 18 Practical Tips to Help You Ace Your Job Interview 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Interview references 
 Comments 
 
 Jo says 
 
 April 24, 2013 at 5:16 am 
 Hi Ronnie, 
 I am currently seeking work in the admin field and I took voluntary redundancy in November last year. I was recently offered a job involving admin work at a care home. All the checks have come back fine, but one out of two of my references has responded, which I find odd as both references were friends at my last job and I was actually very good in my job - always helping out and volunteering to do things for them and others. 
 The reason I didn't give my previous manager as a reference is simply because I didn't get on with her very well towards the end of my job - I did when I first started out on her team and then somewhere down the line something in her snapped and she wasn't easy to work with anymore. 
 I also supplied two other people as references as my potential employer got back to me to say only one of the ones aforementioned responded. They have yet to get back to me, does that mean that I won't be able to work there? I'm also worried that the references I supplied have also said something to my previous manager and she has told them not to supply them with a reference for me. 
 Thanks 
 Jo 
 Reply 
 
 Ronnie Ann  says 
 
 November 8, 2008 at 10:26 am 
 Hi Seema! 
 If you don't have any work experience, the best you can do is explain that (they should already know that if they've seen your resume) and provide the name of someone you've helped on a volunteer project or as part of some organization even if you didn't get paid. You can also offer the name of a professor or teachers, especially if they can vouch for how you handle assignments and work with others. Other than that, your best bet is someone who is in a responsible position who can vouch for you personally. 
 It can be hard getting that first job, but let them see how determined you are to do a great job for them and just do your best to provide them with the best reference you can come up with - even if it's someone you helped on a bake sale or on a committee to improve your neighborhood. 
 Good luck, Seema! And by the way…my name is Ronnie Ann. 😉 
 Reply 
 
 seema says 
 
 November 8, 2008 at 6:37 am 
 Hi Ron, 
 I dont have work experience but my new employer wants supervisor reference. Where do I get it from? Kindly reply. 
 Seema 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
