Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Sales Associate - The Source 
 The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. 
 __Humboldt, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Req Id:  272418 
 The Source is Canada’s largest tech retailer, and every day we come into work excited to share cool tech and amazing brands with our fellow Canadians. From your local shopping centre to cool music festivals, we are where Canadians live, work and play. 
 Every day our Associates across the country help Canadians find the tech they want and need. The Source is a great place to work and we are committed to your development through best in class training programs that help you do your best. Behind our in-store Associates is a supporting team of professionals who curate our product assortment, ensure on-time deliveries, create engaging marketing campaigns and help keep our systems running at peak capacity. 
 We are passionate about what we do and look for individuals with their own passion, curiosity and genuine helpfulness to join us! 
 What You’ll Do 
 You’ll be a passionate brand ambassador 
You’ll contribute to the team’s success by achieving personal sales goals 
As a Sales Associate, you’ll be an specialist in all things tech, and you will help build easy solutions for our customers 
You will work closely with your teammates to ensure the store is running at its peak operational performance 
You will stay ahead of the curve by completing training regularly – and then share what you’ve learned with others 
 What You’ll Need 
 You need to be passionate about connected technology and how it impacts people’s lives 
 You will need to have great people skills – for example:  being a good listener, able to build relationships, and able to overcome objections 
A natural curiosity about technology, telecommunications, and sales 
Experience in retail or sales a definite asset 
 You’ll need to be flexible:  ability to work weekdays, evenings, and weekends is a must 
 What You’ll Get 
 You’ll be exposed to hands-on and handheld training – get ready to learn! 
 Our rewards and recognition programs are vast:  enjoy variable pay based on your personal sales, as well as other cool incentives 
You’ll enjoy a compensation package that includes a base wage plus uncapped commissions: most of our associates make between $17 and $21 hourly* 
You’ll get awesome discounts on nearly all of our products 
Thinking about building a career with us? Explore endless internal opportunities in both retail and in corporate roles 
 
 This range is not a guaranteed rate. The range presented is an approximation based on current associates’ commissions and base wages. As it is an uncapped structure, associates may make more than presented, though associates are guaranteed their base wage as outlined by their employment contract. 
 
 Position Type:  Retail Stores 
 Position:  Seasonal Sales Associate - The Source 
 Job Location:  Canada : Saskatchewan : Humboldt 
 Application Deadline:  12/28/2020 
 As Canada's favourite tech retailer you have the opportunity to work close to home - and we're also proud to offer a competitive compensation package that includes an extensive recognition and rewards program, career development opportunities, multi-faceted training programs, competitive medical and dental benefits, charity and volunteer opportunities and of course, associate discounts! 
 The Source celebrates and embraces diversity as part of our culture. We strive to be an inclusive, equitable and accessible environment that supports both our internal and external customers, ensuring everyone feels valued and respected. Accommodations are available on request for all candidates taking part in any aspects of the selection process. For a confidential inquiry, simply email your recruiter directly or inclusion@thesource.ca to make arrangements. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
