Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Shoppers Drug Mart - Digital Pharmacy 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
Our Digital Pharmacy business provides added convenience for Shoppers Drug Mart patients with chronic medications by enabling them to refill their medications online with services such as refill reminders, automatic refills and pick-up notifications. As the Senior Manager, SDM – Digital Pharmacy, you will play a key role in growing the business by assessing performance, identifying opportunities to expand the value proposition and engage new users and by partnering with cross-functional teams to bring them to market. 
What you'll do 
Planning & Forecasting to support delivery of the online sales and margin budget 
Optimize growth model to forecast future business performance and evaluate past results 
Analyze refill data, customer behavior and feedback to identify growth initiatives 
Partner with internal teams to prioritize and execute customer acquisition activities 
Partner with internal teams to improve the customer and pharmacist experience through enhancements to features, navigation, and layout 
Discuss plans and results with leadership in weekly and monthly touchpoints 
Does this Sound like you? 
Entrepreneurial spirit with growth mindset and bias towards action 
Completion of a Bachelor’s degree (BA, BCom) or similar 
5+ years in a management consulting, analytics, Health & Wellness, E-Commerce, or high growth technology company with strong business acumen 
Exceptional analytical skills with strong experience in Excel and SQL 
Experience in building a strategic framework (plans), presenting his/her ideas to various levels across the organization, driving execution of projects to completion 
Ability to deal with ambiguity, self-organize and be proactive to complete multiple tasks on time with a clear focus on quantitative results 
Knowledge of additional data analysis (e.g. Python, Big Query), data visualization (e.g. Tableau, Looker), and web analytics tools (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics) is a plus 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
