  
 Uniting Grace 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 About Drew 
 
 Search for: 
 Clergy ,  Ministry 
 What My Wife's Job Taught Me About Ministry 
 April 23, 2015   Drew McIntyre   4 Comments 
 I used to think my job was hard, and then I got married. My wife is a physician, and I've been blessed to be her partner through MCATs, interviews, medical school, match day, and (most of) residency. United Methodist clergy go through a period of formation called "residency" before we are ordained, but trust me, it's nothing like medical residency. I am constantly in awe of what my wife and her colleagues do: not just the technical mastery needed, not just the massive amounts of knowledge one is expected to hold or the crazy hours doctors work - but the fact lives are in their hands day in and day out, and at risk in decisions great and small. 
 The work of clergy is in some ways similar. If we believe that spiritual health matters at all, or that it somehow intersects with physical, mental, and emotional health, then the care of souls is critically important as well. In our democratized age of religion, many of us try to "go it alone." But I'm here to tell you: the self-guided information about physical health available on the internet is of the same dismal quality that one finds in the spiritual realm. The care of those called to these ministries thus has some things in common, not least in the importance of formation for doctors and clergy, but also in the challenges they face. I resonate with Atul Gawande's description of medicine in  Better : 
 
 "But success in medicine has dimensions that cannot be found on a playing field. For one, lives or on the line. Our decisions and omissions are therefore moral in nature. We also face daunting expectations. In medicine, our task is to cope with illness…the steps are often uncertain. The knowledge to be mastered is both vast and incomplete. Yet we are expected to act with swiftness and consistency, even when the task requires marshaling hundreds of people…for the care of a single person. We are also expected to do our work humanely, with gentleness and concern. It's not only the stakes but also the complexity of performance in medicine that makes it so interesting and at the same time, so unsettling." (4) 
 
 I contend that one could replace "medicine" with "ministry" in the above, and the description would still ring true. As a friend of mine says, the work of a pastor or priest is full of both "blessings and bedevilments," which is of course true for most, if not all, vocations. 
 My wife has given me newfound appreciation for medicine. Gawande has helped me see some fascinating connections between my wife's calling and my own. 
 What other connections do you see? Have I overstated my case? I'd love to hear your thoughts below. 
 Spread the Word: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Atul Gawande Better calling Clergy medicine pastor priest residency surgeon vocation 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostThe Maasai Creed (Creed of the Month) Next PostWest, Dyson, & the Independent Prophet as False Prophet 
 4 thoughts on "What My Wife's Job Taught Me About Ministry" 
 
 Vincent S Artale Jr  says: 
 
 April 23, 2015 at 8:28 am 
 Reblogged this on  Talmidimblogging . 
 Reply 
 
 SLIMJIM  says: 
 
 April 24, 2015 at 4:39 am 
 Wow what a perspective. Always wondered what its like for the doctors. Don't think you overstated the case. 
 Reply 
 
 Lanny Lancaster  says: 
 
 April 24, 2015 at 8:24 am 
 I love the phrase, "The knowledge to be mastered is both vast and incomplete." It reminds me of something that Bishop Goodpaster has said, that we are "building the bridge as we walk across it." Ministry seems like that at times, discerning the way as we walk it. Thanks for the reflection, Drew! 
 Reply 
 
 Lanny Lancaster  says: 
 
 April 24, 2015 at 8:26 am 
 I also think that as practitioners of medicine or ministry, we ourselves are adding to collective knowledge, not just drawing from it. 
 Reply 
 What do you think? Share your thoughts below...  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Don't Miss Any Grace! 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to Uniting Grace and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Podcast Grace 
 
 Tweet Me! 
 My Tweets 
 Facebook 
 Drew McIntyre 
 
 Create Your Badge 
 Contributor to: 
 
 Grace is the gift that unites us to Christ, and to others in Christ. Let's open it together. 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Discerning a Call to Ministry? Ignore the "Do Anything Else" Advice 
 
 More Grace Here 
 
 Via Media Methodists 
 Listening to Atheists 
 Craig L. Adams 
 Allan R. Bevere 
 Kathy Bryant 
 Kevin Carnahan 
 Dan Dick 
 Ben Gosden 
 Faith and Leadership 
 Jim Harnish 
 Isaac Hopper 
 Sky McCracken 
 Matt O'Reilly 
 Jeremy Smith 
 David F. Watson 
 Joel Watts 
 UM Insight 
 United Methodist Reporter 
 Jay Voorhees 
 
 Goodreads 
 
 Bible   Catholic   Celebrities   Christian living   Church   Church History   Clergy   Culture   Ecclesiology   economics   Entertainment   Eschatology   Ethics   Great Books   Leadership   Liturgical Year   Methodists   Ministry   Obama   Politics   postliberal   Preaching   Protestant   Sacraments   theologians   theology   UFC   Uncategorized   Wesleyan/Methodist   Worship 
 RSS Feed 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
