 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Business Intelligence Analyst 
 Hot Topic HQ - City of Industry, California - Full-time 
 Description 
 We’re elevating our big data game. Data is everywhere, and we need someone that can gather and build data visualization tools that bring insights to our work. As the Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, you’ll have deep analytical skills. This work involves mining data from multiple sources, working with multiple team members to understand their requirements and coming up with a well thought and articulated project plan to develop BI solutions to meet these requirements. 
 You’ll participate in a wide variety of business intelligence efforts, including the development and maintenance of internal solutions, reports, ad hoc data retrieval and building metrics. You will be working with a variety of data sources to develop, and implement data and business intelligence solutions to enable partners to make data-driven business decisions. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Collaborate with product teams and business partners to understand problems that can be answered with data 
 Utilize Looker, SQL, Excel or other tools like Thoughtspot to dive deep into massive data sets, conduct root cause analysis, and identify outliers 
 Identify data trends and recommend solutions for creating more revenue 
 Build and manage dashboards that can communicate the right KPI’s to business partners 
 Make meaningful correlations and logical insights from data trends 
 Identify gaps and data inefficiencies to improve data quality and reports 
 Support team and end-users as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) through troubleshooting, recommendation solutions and identifying opportunities to solve business problems through BI 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 At least 6 months of analytics experience working with business partners 
 At least 6 months of experience with BI tools like Looker, Tableau, ThoughtSpot 
 Minimum 2 years of experience with SQL 
 BA Degree in Information Systems, Economics, Business, Computer Science or any other analytical field 
 Experience with data analysis in a variety of quantitative fields and experience building data analysis and decision support systems 
 Excellent problem solving and visual thinking skills 
 Strong storytelling skills to share insights with business partners 
 Python and R is a huge plus! 
 Experience with eCommerce is a huge plus! 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
