Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Room Attendant 
 Horseshoe Resort 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WHO WE ARE:  At Horseshoe Resort, we are a team that loves to serve people, priding ourselves on the service that our colleagues deliver to our guests. Horseshoe Resort is always looking for talented individuals to join our growing team of hospitality professionals and recreation enthusiasts. If you are outgoing, friendly and love adventure and the outdoors, you may be the person we are looking for! 
 Position Summary 
 Room Attendants are responsible for cleaning guest rooms. Room Attendants need to maintain a high standard of cleanliness and attention to detail while working in a fast-paced environment. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
Working alone or in pairs, they need to ensure rooms are clean and made to hotel standards prior to guest check-in time. 
Changing soiled linens, vacuuming, and dusting, cleaning bathrooms and replacing room amenities. 
Respond to guest inquiries as required 
Maintain and restock linen cart 
 Qualifications: 
Be able to be on their feet for a full shift, up to 8 hours or more 
Be able to move up and down the stairs 
Be flexible with their schedule, primarily working day shifts and occasionally evening shifts, as business levels require 
Be able to lift and carry up to 50lbs and push up to 250lbs 
Be able to twist, bend, and reach while working at a fast pace 
 Join our team today, and enjoy employee perks such as Resort staff pass for yourself and your dependents, retail, lodging, and restaurant discounts, along with additional perks and discounts at our other affiliated resort – Deerhurst Resort in Muskoka. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
