  
 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 How it works 
 Feedback 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 
 Get Started    Sign In  
 
 
 Language: 
 
  рус 
  eng 
 
 
 
 Working World Abroad 
__ 
 
 
 Jobs 
__ 
 
 
 Teach English in Costa Rica 
 
 
 
 | 
 Teach English in Costa Rica 
 Language school 
 | 
 Costa Rica 
 Guanacaste 
 | 
 400-465  USD  /  Month 
 
 
 
 Apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Apply 
 Are you interested in joining an intentional community of teachers and learners in beautiful Guanacaste, Costa Rica? We have the following requirements for our candidates: 
 Must be a native English speaker or a C2-level speaker of English - this requirement is non-negotiable; 
 Must have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in any field (submit via email); 
 Must have a TEFL, TESOL, or CELTA certificate (submit via email); 
 Must be able to commit to 9 months with us; 
 Must be passionate about teaching English as a second language to both adults and kids; 
 Must have an excellent understanding of English grammar; 
 Prior teaching experience is preferred, but not required. 
 Our English teachers enjoy the following benefits: 
 Assistance with a work visa: teachers must bring an certified and authenticated birth certificate and background check from their home country. Teachers pay about $450 upfront in document fees, translation fees, and changing their migratory status in Costa Rica. Upon completing the contract, The company will reimburse the teacher $200 of these fees. With the work visa, teachers do not need to exit the country to renew their tourist visa. The work visa must be applied for within a month of starting work. 
 A monthly gross salary of approximately $465 that corresponds to 24 hours per week of teaching and/or completing projects. This is a Costa Rican wage for working part-time. 
 Health Insurance: 10.34% is deducted from each paycheck, and this covers health insurance, taxes, and retirement (it is like social security). This amount is enough to pay for food and some travel on a budget. 
 Free furnished housing in a shared living space. Some teachers share rooms and some have private rooms. The teacher houses have 3-4 people in each, and they all have Internet, Cable TV, utilities, and basic furniture supplied. 
 Paid vacation days (1 day for every month worked): these days cannot be taken until a teacher completes the first three months of work. 
 A yearly bonus called “Aguinaldo” paid in December: this is calculated by taking the total earnings for the year (before taxes are deducted) and dividing them by 12. 
 Assistance with opening a local bank account. 
 Paid initial training, a free mentor program for new teachers, and ongoing support and training throughout the year. 
 Sundays and Mondays are free: teachers work Tuesday through Saturday, teaching the same group courses each week with some possible variations of private classes. 
 English teachers have access to weekly 1-hour free Spanish group classes for teachers and/or our Immersion Spanish courses (20 hours of class in one week). 
 Several opportunities each week to volunteer in the community and make a difference. One such opportunity is Club A, a non-profit that helps underprivileged kids in a neighborhood just outside of Liberia. 
 Living in Guanacaste where it is always sunny and warm. We do not receive nearly the amount of rainfall as other parts of Costa Rica. Gorgeous beaches are accessible by public buses and only 40-90 minutes away. Liberia is not a touristy town, so you will practice your Spanish and integrate with the locals. You can walk everywhere, but having a bike is helpful. The international airport is 10 minutes outside of town. 
 We provide various residences where our teachers live, work, socialize, and relax. We have a school where we teach classes to both adults and kids. We host many events and activities in the community for free. 
 
 
 
 Posted on 
 November 5, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 Number of Vacant Positions 
 5 
 
 
 Employment dates 
 year round 
 
 
 Hours per week 
 24 
 
 
 Accommodation (cost if not included) 
 Free furnished housing in a shared living space 
 
 
 Employment 
 Part Time 
 
 
 
 Related jobs 
  English teacher wanted  
 training center 
 | 
 China 
 Shenzhen 
 | 
 10000-12000  CNY  /  Month 
 ---|---|--- 
  Teach English in Bangladesh  
 Canadian Language school 
 | 
 Bangladesh 
 Dhaka 
 | 
 1200-3000  USD  /  Month 
 ---|---|--- 
 
 (C) 2011-2021 
All rights reserved 
 Browse 
 
 Jobs 
 How it works 
 Feedback 
 Blog 
 Contact us 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 VK 
 YouTube 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 info@workingworldabroad.com 
 
 Get Started 
 E-mail __ 
 Password __ 
 I am a jobseeker I am an employer 
 Sign Up 
 Already have account?  Sign In 
 
 ‹ › × 
 
 ‹ › × 
