Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 Dr. Jennifer A. Holland 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Research 
 
 Open Search 
 Career Mentoring Breakfast at EPC 2012 
 The  European Association of Population Studies  (who, along with the local organizing committee, put on the bi-annual  European Population Conference ) are very committed to cultivating the next generation of Population Scientists. To this end, a Career Mentoring Event is organized at each EPC. This year I had the pleasure of organizing the event, which took place over breakfast on Saturday, June 16th. I have benefited greatly from such events in the past and I was honored to be asked to coordinate it. While some young scholars are quite comfortable approaching their senior colleagues, others may appreciate a more informal atmosphere and an introduction to start a conversation. The career mentoring events are a great opportunity to discuss research and career development, build professional networks, and even (as in one instance this year!) discover job opportunities! 
 Despite being quite early on Saturday morning, the Career Mentoring Breakfast was very well attended. Both senior and junior participants enjoyed the opportunity to meet and mingle. Seven world-renown scientists, covering different sub-fields of demography, were present: 
 Francesco Billari (Bocconi University/Oxford University) 
Jane Falkingham (University of Southampton) 
Alexia Fürnkranz-Prskawetz (Vienna Institute of Demography) 
Janina Jóźwiak (Warsaw School of Economics) 
Melinda Mills (University of Groningen) 
Mikko Myrskylä (Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research) 
Frans Willekens (Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute) 
 Junior participant hailed from from 17 countries and 4 continents. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by wiscjennyann 
  View all posts by wiscjennyann  
 __July 1, 2012 
 __ Conferences ,  Training and Career Development 
 Post navigation 
 Conferences: EPC 2012 
 News: PAA 2013 Session on International and Domestic Migration, Children and Families 
 Comments are closed. 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Conferences 
 News 
 Publications 
 Training and Career Development 
 Works In Progress 
 
 @wiscjennyann 
 My Tweets 
 Categories 
 Conferences   News   Publications   Training and Career Development   Works In Progress 
 @WiscJennyAnn 
 My Tweets 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Up ↑ 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
