Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Store Associate - Saskatoon North 
 The Salvation Army - National Recycling Operations 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Become part of an organization that values its employees, volunteers, guests and donors. 
 Do you have a passion for Thrift? Are you motivated, looking for a role with a purpose, and have a desire to make a difference in your local community? We offer a unique way to serve through retail and recycling! 
 Our team members demonstrate our core competencies of collaboration, communication, composure, and being service focused in everything they do. If you are looking to further your career in retail, consider joining our team. We offer a competitive total compensation package, extensive leadership development, and personal growth opportunities. 
 As a Store Associate you are to provide excellent service to guests, sort incoming product, receive donations and assist the Store Manager in the maintenance of all store operations. On a daily basis you will positively impact our guests, donors, and the communities in which we operate. 
 Our ideal candidate is a retail enthusiast who is service focused, can maintain their composure, and has the ability to communicate and build relationships. In doing so, the candidate will be action oriented, drive results, and will strive to become an expert in their role through continuous self-development and learning. 
 Job Duties 
 Sales Floor 
 
 
 Acknowledge guests and assist with their shopping needs 
 
 
 Provide fast, efficient and accurate checkout service 
 
 
 Promote upcoming sales or special fundraising events 
 
 
 Maintaining neat and orderly sales floor, dressing rooms and check out areas 
 
 
 Make brief announcements over the P.A. system 
 
 
 Answer the telephone in a professional manner 
 
 
 Replenish product 
 
 
 Production Area 
 
 
 Receive, assist, and thank guests for their donations 
 
 
 Lift and move boxes and bags of donated items (up to 50lbs) 
 
 
 Sort through donations and evaluate items for quality and condition 
 
 
 Price items according to established guidelines 
 
 
 Meet assigned production targets for each shift 
 
 
 Place clothing on hangers and items on racks, distribute to the appropriate area on the sales floor 
 
 
 Store Associate Skills and Qualifications 
 
 
 Approachable with good interaction/people skills 
 
 
 Good written and oral English (French where required) 
 
 
 Eye for detail 
 
 
 Dependability 
 
 
 Minimum Grade 10 or equivalent 
 
 
 Possess the ability to learn cash, pricing and sorting procedures, and product display and promotion guidelines 
 
 
 Ability to work weekends, evenings and holidays as needed 
 
 
 Must be eligible to work in Canada 
 
 
 We provide a passionate fast paced community environment where you will be immersed in our operations and service. You will experience firsthand the impact of our work in our communities. 
 Competitive compensation including: 
 Staff discounts 
 Employer paid RRSPs 
 Vacation (3 weeks/ 6%) 
 Paid sick time 
 The opportunity to learn new skills, job advancement, and recognition programs. 
 You can expect 
 
 
 To join a hands-on work environment where you will be required to physically move through our operation while adhering to daily goals. 
 
 
 We are operational 7 days a week and schedule our employees based on operational needs - days, evenings and weekends (Please Note: Our stores are open for shopping Monday to Saturday and Sundays we are open to receive donations). 
 
 
 As part of our ongoing commitment to ensuring a safe and healthy work environment for all of our employees, CSA approved footwear is required for all Retail and DRC positions within NRO. 
 Resumes are to be submitted by Monday, November 30, 2020. In the email subject line please identify the location and position being applied for. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest. Those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Salvation Army Thrift Store - National Recycling Operations (NRO) supports the mission of the Salvation Army by generating funds and influencing positively the communities in which it operates. As part of one of Canada’s largest national charitable organizations, we adhere to the core values of Hope, Service, Dignity and Stewardship. By working with us, you help support The Salvation Army’s programs, services and emergency relief efforts by recycling and selling donated goods. 
 The Salvation Army will accommodate candidates as required under applicable human rights legislation. If you require a disability-related accommodation during this process, please inform us of your requirements. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
