Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Technogazette 
 The only blog which covers the recent tech news all over the globe. 
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 c++ 
 
 Tag Archives: Steve Jobs 
 Apple Inc. Richer Than The United States Government ? 
 Posted on  July 31, 2011  by   technogazette 
 2 
 It is a well known fact that Apple Inc. has cash reserves more than any other company but the fact that it is even richer than the United States Government is absolutely fantastic. 
 Recently Apple announced that its earnings have reached $76 billion due to large sale of its iDevices. The iPhone and the iPad are the most popular products of the Cupertino, California based company. 
 On the other side, as the deadline to the US debt approaches close, the Treasury Department of United States Government has reported that its bank account has even less than $74 billion and could become zero by early August. 
 This only shows that the American government and the Corporate America are two worlds apart. While the corporations continue to grow and their combined profits accumulate around $1.2 trillion, the government consistently has lost its cash reserves and its debts are increasing day by day. 
 According to Apple, these cash reserves will help the company to secure its future as it will ensure that they do not run into any financial trouble like the company had to face during the launch phase of the iPhone 4. 
 So, should American government start selling the iPhone and the iPad or should Apple take over the running of Washington DC? 
 Photo Courtesy of  Chris and Kris 
Photo Courtesy of  freefotouk 
 Posted in  Featured ,  Headline ,  Linked Post ,  Post  |  Tagged  America ,  Apple ,  Apple Inc. ,  cash ,  computer ,  computers ,  computing ,  data ,  device ,  finance ,  gadget ,  gizmo ,  gossip ,  hardware ,  iDevices ,  iPad ,  iPhone ,  latest buzz ,  latest news ,  latest tech ,  money ,  rumor ,  shares ,  software ,  Steve Jobs ,  stocks ,  tech news ,  technology ,  Treasury Department ,  US debt crisis ,  US government ,  USA  |   2  Replies 
 Archives 
 
 December 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
