  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Widnes, England 
 Rate:  £17 - £18 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 SITE MANAGER 
 Service Care Solutions are recruiting for a Mass Testing Site Manager to work on behalf of Halton Council to work on a pop up COVID testing site. 
 This role is to increase the asymptotic testing for COVID 19 and the role is to lead and overall manage the pop up testing centre sites in Halton. 
 This role is a temporary contract starting asap and working over the xmas period (23rd, 24th, 28th, 29th, , 30th) although over the Christmas period shifts will be reduced. 
 Duties include: 
- To quality assure the processing of testing at testing sites. 
- To manage all activities and outputs of the site. 
- To ensure suitable and sufficient risk assessments are carried out taking into account, employees capabilities. 
- To use equipment as instructed and trained. 
 Essential criteria: 
- Experience in managing a team within a complex environment. 
- Experience in customer facing role and working with the public. 
- Experience in training staff. 
- Understanding of PPE practices. 
- Experience working in a health and social care setting is desirable. 
- Must be able to start as soon as possible. 
 If you feel you have what it takes to lead this team to success and be a part of ending the spread of COVID-19 please get in touch with Natasha Ward on 01772 208 964. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £17 - £18 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Widnes, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-10 20:40:31 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
