Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Computational Approaches to Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 
Education Level Doctoral Degree 
Career Level Tenure-Track Faculty Member 
 Job Description 
 Faculty of Science, Department of Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in 
Computational Approaches to Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations, and within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 The Department of Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track faculty position in Computational Approaches to Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour at the Assistant Professor level, beginning July 1, 2021. 
 The successful candidate will use computational models to investigate fundamental questions related to psychology, neuroscience, and/or behaviour. Applications from any area that applies computational modelling to understand neural function or behaviour are welcome. Applications from early-career candidates are especially encouraged. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to, big data analytics and machine learning applied to neural or behavioural data, computational models of reward and motivation, computational models of learning and memory, computational models of social interactions, and computational models of spatial navigation. The candidate could apply models to any level of analysis, from neurons to circuits to systems to populations. 
 The Department of Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour has long-standing strengths in cognitive and computational neuroscience, sensory systems and behavioural neuroscience, perception, cognition, development, evolutionary psychology, and animal behaviour. We value and encourage collaboration among researchers and educators, and have close ties with the Departments of Biology, Kinesiology, Music, Electrical & Computer Engineering, and Psychiatry & Behavioural Neuroscience. Many of our faculty are affiliated with McMaster’s interdisciplinary graduate programs in Neuroscience and Computational Science & Engineering. For more information on the Department, please visit https://www.science.mcmaster.ca/pnb/. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground-breaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey, which takes approximately two minutes to complete, through McMaster’s application submission portal. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean, Faculty of Science at baileyd@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to Apply 
 Complete applications must be made online at https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ (Faculty Positions, Job 34946) by the deadline to the attention of Dr. Bruce Milliken, Professor & Chair, Department of Psychology, Neuroscience & Behaviour, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, L8S 4K1. 
 A complete application consists of: 
a cover letter (including a statement regarding whether the applicant has Canadian citizenship/permanent resident status (see below)) 
a current Curriculum Vitae, and three (3) representative publications (reprints or preprints) 
a statement of research interests (2-page maximum) 
a statement of teaching philosophy and interests (2-page maximum) 
a statement of experience and plans for advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in post-secondary education, community-based or other professional settings (2-page maximum) 
the names and full contact information of at least three referees. 
Letters of reference are not required and will not be reviewed at the application stage; the Department will request letters of recommendation from referees at later stages of the search process. 
 Review of complete applications will begin December 10, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line, system-generated confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. Please be advised that any full-time, permanent faculty member of the Department can request confidential access to the application materials, including the reference letters. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members achieve a work-life balance. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Canadian citizens or Permanent Residents of Canada. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications, as stated above, MUST include one of the following statements in their application package: “I am/am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada.” Applications that do not include this information will be deemed incomplete. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
