Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Insurance Advisor 
 TD Bank 
 __Dieppe, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 Every single day is an adventure! Within TD's Contact Center, you'll find a community of colleagues helping TD's 25+ million customers to achieve their life goals. 
 Your role within the Contact Center is essential to TD's success, as our customers are at the center of everything we do. You'll support customers and internal/external partners with a variety of financial services through inbound and outbound calls, and digital channels. 
 Grow, learn and lead; beyond your day-to-day work, you'll be supported with professional development and encouraged to build an exciting career at TD. You'll help deliver a legendary experience to our business, our customers' lives and our communities. 
 Job Description 
 Reporting to the Team Leader, Client Services, the Insurance Advisor, counsels individuals in regards to their auto and property insurance needs and maintains the maximum level of service for our existing clients; handles service and sales calls to ensure the maximum level of service for our clients. Each call is different and we support you to ensure your success at work and we help you develop your competencies through coaching. 
Our training programs are within the best in the industry. 
 Our program involves: 
 
 Leader led two week licensing course to prepare for the mandatory professional insurance exam. 
 5 weeks in class product training 
 6 weeks practicum 
 Responsible for achieving sales, quotes and call targets. 
 Cross sell a variety of products at every opportunity 
 Ensures quality and productivity objectives are met. 
 Accountable for providing a high level of service to our clients. 
 Flexible to perform various assigned tasks 
 Promotes company features and benefits as part of ongoing portfolio reviews. 
 Promotes client loyalty through attention to detail and relationship-building. 
 Remains current on all company philosophies and procedures. 
 Accepts risks within established guidelines. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 
 You have a strong aptitude for sales 
 You have a superior client service orientation. 
 You have the ability to communicate effectively with clients, both verbally and in writing. 
 You have excellent interpersonal skills 
 You have excellent organization and time management skills. 
 You possess a professional telephone manner. 
 You have demonstrated your ability to function effectively in a fast-paced, multi-faceted environment. 
 You maintain a positive demeanour and foster team spirit. 
 You have strong analytical and decision making abilities 
 You demonstrate the ability to adapt to changing situations. 
 You have excellent computer/keyboarding skills. 
 Your call centre and/or personal lines insurance experience would be an asset 
 You have a minimum of 2 years customer service/sales/ call center and or personal lines insurance experience (an asset) 
 You have a High School Diploma 
 
 Must be fluently French/English Bilingual. 
 Additional Information 
 Class starts January 15th, 2021 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Contact Centre 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Call Center 
 Job Category(s) 
 Call Center 
 Hours 
 35 
 Hours/Availability Detail 
 Monday-Friday 8:00am-11:00pm/ Saturday 8:00am-7:00pm 
 Business Line 
 TD Insurance 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Dieppe 
 Work Location 
 43 Champlain Street (477 Paul St.) 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
