Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Make Your Mark at Your New Job 
 Samantha Springs    5th March    Your Job   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Make%20Your%20Mark%20at%20Your%20New%20Job%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fmake-your-mark%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Starting a new job can present a range of  emotions : excitement, nervousness, appreciation, etc. One pretty consistent feeling is the desire to get off to a good start. 
 Whether you are beginning your first job out of college, moving around within the industry, or starting on a new career path, here are a few ways to make your mark in your new position. 
 Become a Subject Matter Expert 
 One surefire way to make your mark and impress your supervisor and coworkers is to become a subject matter expert. 
 As the name suggests, a subject matter expert is a person who is an expert in a particular area or topic. Find a program, project, process, etc. within your line of business and LIVE IT. 
 Read up on the topic, attend  training  relating to it, and apply the knowledge you gain. The more you know, the more you can benefit the company by utilizing your knowledge and associated skills, and the more the people around you will notice. 
 Go Above and Beyond 
 One quick way to make a mark at your job is to be recognized as the person who always  goes the extra mile . One way to do that is to get in early or stay late. 
 Doing this shows your level of commitment to the job, and conveys the message “I want to be here”. 
 Another way to go above and beyond is to ASK for work. 
 If you aren’t getting enough work or the kind of work you would like to be doing, talk to your supervisor and ask to be assigned to a project or inquire if there are any other ways that you can help. 
 These kinds of actions show your initiative and identify you as a go-getter. 
 Finally, a great way to take that extra step is to ask questions. When you are new to a job, you generally are afforded more leeway when it comes to this area, so maximize it. 
 Talk to people with various levels of tenure and rank, get to know what it is that they do, and learn from their experience. By asking questions, you exhibit your thirst for knowledge and professional development. 
 Find a Need and Volunteer to Help Fix It 
 There is no better way to make a lasting mark at your job than to find an area that needs improvement and make it better. 
 Whether it is an inefficient process, outdated technology, or a missing resource, locating and improving the situation can make you the golden child of your organization. 
 If you see a need or a gap, inform your supervisor (they may already have identified it and be working on a resolution) and come prepared with a plan to fix it! 
 Doing this  shows initiative , commitment to the success of the company, and that you are able to think outside of the box, a skill that is always appreciated. 
 Make Yourself Indispensable 
 We all have talents that we use in our own lives to better us or those around us, and we should use those talents to help us at work as well! 
 Take something you are already good at that may not be in your job description and show how it benefits the business. 
 In your private life you may be a great editor, a web development guru, an SEO expert, or a wiz with PowerPoint, Visio, or Photoshop. Let these skills shine, especially if they are things you are not specifically paid to do. 
 When you do this, you show that you are not only multi-faceted, but you also make yourself an indispensable asset by adding benefit to the company outside the scope of your normal duties. 
 These ideas can help you get off to a great start at your new job. Whatever the position, taking steps like these show your value within the company and will help you  climb the ladder  much more quickly. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 By  Samantha Springs  |  Other Articles 
 I'm Samantha, a law school graduate with a passion for writing and a 'go-getter' mentality. After graduating from the University of Southern California, I began my Master’s Degree in Sport Management at California State University, Long Beach. I worked at various entertainment agencies while in school but the two degrees just wasn't enough, I had to go back for more! I received my J.D. from Pepperdine University, School of Law, where I got the chance to spend several amazing months in London, England, traveling throughout Europe, feeding my love for travel and foreign culture. Now, I live with my snake Trubble and enjoy every day to the fullest! 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Win the Work-Life Balance Battle  
  _ _     Career Search Insights Your College Never Gave You  
  _ _     How to Let Go of Resentment at Work  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
