Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Fixed Term 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies (2 years, SOAS London; Deadline: June 5, 2016) 
 Posted on  May 23, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Vacancy Number 
 001071 
 
 
 
 
 Location 
 London 
 
 
 Campus 
 Russell Square 
 
 
 Post Class 
 Research 
 
 
 Department / Centre 
 Centre of Jewish Studies 
 
 
 Contract Type 
 Fixed Term 
 
 
 Closing date for applications 
 5 June 2016 
 
 
 
 Salary: £34,336 to £40,448 per annum inclusive of London allowance 
 Fixed-term for 2 years 
 Click here to apply . 
 SOAS, University of London is the world’s leading institution for the study of Asia, Africa and the Middle East, offering programmes in arts, humanities, languages, law and social sciences. Inaugurated in June 1916, SOAS has had an international reach since the arrival of its first students in February 1917 and is celebrating its Centenary in 2016. 
 We are looking to appoint a Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies to conduct outstanding research in Israeli Studies and contribute to the advancement of Israeli Studies at SOAS and beyond. You will be expected to conduct excellent research relating to Israeli society, culture or history and publish at least two outstanding outputs as an outcome of the research. You will contribute to the research culture of the Centre for Jewish Studies and the Department of Near and Middle East at SOAS and help organise and run the Centre’s events, workshops and other activities. 
 You will be required to a good understanding of one or more of the key research areas in Israeli Studies pertaining to history, society or culture. Your ability to carry out high quality, publishable research together with your knowledge of the scholarship and of key debates in Israeli Studies, will enable you to successful in this role. You will also have excellent proficiency in Hebrew, and ideally also knowledge of Arabic. The ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with students, staff, academic colleagues together with excellent time management and interpersonal skills, are also required for this post. 
 This post will commence on 1 September 2016 and is a fixed term appointment for 2 years. 
 Completed applications must be received by 23:59 on the closing date to be considered. 
 Interviews will provisionally be held in the week commencing: 20 June 2016 
 If you have any questions or require any assistance with regard to the application process, please contact  hr-recruitment@soas.ac.uk  . 
 Equality Challenge Unit, Gender Equality Charter Mark: Bronze award holder. Addressing gender inequalities and imbalance in the arts, humanities and social sciences. 
 ** SOAS values diversity and aims to be an equal opportunities employer. 
** 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History; University of Warwick (deadline: Aug 17, 2015) 
 Posted on  July 31, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History (75888-075) 
 University of Warwick  - History 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Coventry 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £28,695 to £37,394 per annum 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Contract Type: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 24th July 2015 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 17th August 2015 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 1482949 
 
 
 
 Fixed term contract for 10 months. 
 The Department of History seeks to appoint a full-time Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History. You will take seminars on both the first-year undergraduate module ‘Making History’ and the second-year undergraduate module ‘The Ottoman Empire and Europe, 1453-1922’, for a total of nine seminar groups of approximately fourteen students per group. You will also teach occasional lectures for other undergraduate modules as required by the Head of Department and as appropriate to subject knowledge. 
 You will undertake lecturing, seminar teaching, essay tutorials, office hours, marking of undergraduate work, exam invigilation, and monitoring of student attendance in accordance with the Department’s quality assurance practices. You will also act as personal tutor to an assigned group of undergraduate students, providing pastoral support and guidance during the academic year. You will be actively engaged in research in Middle Eastern History, or a comparable field. 
 You will possess experience in undergraduate teaching and subject specialism appropriate for research-led teaching in Middle Eastern History. You should also possess a PhD (or equivalent) in History. 
 All applications must be accompanied by a CV and covering letter. Writing samples may be requested from candidates during the latter stages of the recruitment process and should not be submitted with the initial application. 
 Please direct all informal inquiries to Mr Robert Horton, the History Department Administrator, at  R.S.Horton@warwick.ac.uk . 
 Click here to apply . 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust ; University of Warwick (deadline: Aug 17, 2015) 
 Posted on  July 31, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust (75930-075) 
 University of Warwick  - History 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Coventry 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £28,695 to £37,394 per annum 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Contract Type: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 24th July 2015 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 17th August 2015 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 1482942 
 
 
 
 Fixed term contract for 10 months. 
 The Department of History seeks to appoint a full-time Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust. You will take five seminar groups of approximately fourteen students per group on the first-year undergraduate module ‘Making History’ and you will convene, taking two seminar groups of approximately sixteen students per group, the final-year undergraduate module ‘Reinterpreting the Holocaust: Sexualities, Ethnicity, Class’. You will also teach occasional lectures for other undergraduate modules as required by the Head of Department and as appropriate to subject knowledge. 
 You will undertake lecturing, seminar teaching, essay tutorials, office hours, marking of undergraduate work, exam invigilation, and monitoring of student attendance in accordance with the Department’s quality assurance practices. You will also act as personal tutor to an assigned group of undergraduate students, providing pastoral support and guidance during the academic year. You will be actively engaged in research in the History of the Holocaust, or a comparable field. 
 You will possess experience in undergraduate teaching and subject specialism appropriate for research-led teaching in the History of the Holocaust. You should also possess a PhD (or equivalent) in History. 
 All applications must be accompanied by a CV and covering letter. Writing samples may be requested from candidates during the latter stages of the recruitment process and should not be submitted with the initial application. 
 Please direct all informal inquiries to Mr Robert Horton, the History Department Administrator, at  R.S.Horton@warwick.ac.uk . 
 Click here to apply . 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Three-year, Modern Hebrew Language, Middlebury (apply by May 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Middlebury College is seeking an instructor for a three-year term position in Modern Hebrew Language, beginning September 2015. The successful candidate will teach courses in intermediate Hebrew and direct students' independent Hebrew studies. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and experience in teaching Hebrew at the college level are required. Candidates should provide evidence of commitment to excellent teaching. 
 Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly diverse student body. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability. 
 Review of applications will begin on May 1, 2015  , and continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Middlebury College uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted.  Through Interfolio, please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation  , at least two of which speak to teaching ability. More information at:  apply.interfolio.com/29346 . Other questions should be addressed to Tamar Mayer, Modern Hebrew Program Chair ( mayer@middlebury.edu ) *Offers of employment are contingent on completion of a background check. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Postdoctoral Research Associate of Israeli Culture, U Illinois UC (Deadline: March 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  February 3, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program in Jewish Culture and Society at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign invites applications for a postdoctoral research associate for the 2015-2016 academic year. Proposed research projects should have the potential to make a significant contribution to the field of Israeli Culture. Recipients must be in residence full-time at the Universitys Urbana campus for the duration of the service period (August 2015-May 2016) and may not hold other fellowships or awards during the service period. Associates will teach one course each semester. Please include information about teaching experience and list 2-3 courses focusing on Israeli culture you would be interested in teaching. You may include syllabi with your application.Responsibilities include a public lecture and participation in the faculty workshop as part of the Israel Studies Project at the university. Initial interviews may be conducted at the American Comparative Literature Association annual conference in Seattle, March 26-29, only for those attending. The majority of interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Stipend and Benefits 
 Nine-month salary of $42,000 paid over a 12-month period, including health, dental and life insurance benefits, as well as participation in the State Universities Retirement System (SURS). Eligibility for the listed benefits is contingent on your citizenship or work authorization. For full details on eligibility requirements, please reference  http://www.ahr.illinois.edu/employees/current/other.html#Benefits . 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 PhD (degree conferral obtained between 8/16/12 - 3/1/15). The primary focus of the successful candidates research must be Israeli Culture, Hebrew Literature, Israeli Cinema, Israeli Art or other relevant field. Expected to teach courses in Hebrew literature and Israeli Culture. 
 To Apply 
 To apply for the postdoctoral position, we will need the following: 
 
 Letter of intent addressed to Professor Harris 
 Curriculum vitae 
 Statement of the research/writing project to be undertaken during the appointment 
 Scholarly writing sample 
 Graduate transcripts (copies are acceptable, but official transcripts may be requested at a later date) 
 Contact information for two professional references. You must request that your letter writers email their recommendations directly to the program by the deadline: 
 
 Please send all documents to  jewishculture@illinois.edu . 
 To be considered, applications must be submitted by March 1, 2015. 
 Additional materials may be requested at a later date. 
 __ 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: UC Davis, Mellon Visiting Assistant Professorship in Comp Border Studies (2015-2017) 
 Posted on  January 29, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 https://recruit.ucdavis.edu/apply/JPF00476 
 Recruitment Period 
 Open Dec 17, 2014 through Feb 6, 2015 
 Next review date: February 6th, 2015 
 Apply by this date to ensure full consideration by the committee 
 
 Description 
 The UC Davis Graduate Group in Cultural Studies is pleased to announce a two-year Visiting Assistant Professorship for 2015-2017 in Comparative Border Studies supported by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. Applicants should be specialists in research on one or more border zones, such as: US-Mexico, Israel-Palestine, Afghanistan-Pakistan, North-South Korea, East-West Germany, North Africa-Europe, etc. We are interested in promoting comparative and transnational research so these perspectives are preferred, but not required. The specific field is open, but interdisciplinary orientation in humanities and qualitative social sciences is preferred. 
 Our new three-year Mellon Research Initiative in Comparative Border Studies focuses on the making, unmaking, crossing, and fortification of borders—national, regional, colonial-and aims to rethink notions of border crossing as well as containment within different regional studies contexts as a result of transregional, comparative dialogue. The initiative is organized around three major themes: 1) human rights, citizenship and racialized belonging; 2) mobility, militarization and containment; 3) protest cultures and transnational solidarities. Research interest in one or more of these areas is preferred. We will consider junior scholars including recent PhDs and ABDs (the degree must be completed by July 1, 2015). 
 The Mellon Visiting Assistant Professor will participate in the activities of the Mellon Research Initiative in Comparative Border Studies. Duties include teaching three courses per year, and serving as co-organizer of colloquia and other events involving faculty and graduate students. The appointment will be housed in an appropriate department or program in the humanities or (qualitative) social sciences, in accordance with the background of the successful applicant (fields may include Asian American studies, Chicana/o studies, History, English, Spanish, Middle East studies, South Asian studies, German, Native American studies, American studies, Anthropology, among others). 
 The Mellon Visiting Assistant Professor will receive an annual stipend of $55,000, plus health benefits, research funding, and relocation funds. 
 To apply, please send a letter of interest, CV, and contact information for three (3) references (we do NOT accept letters via Interfolio) through the online application form found at  https://recruit.udavis.edu/apply/JPF00476  For full consideration applications must be received by February 6, 2015. The position is open until filled. 
 The University of California is an equal opportunity employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity among its faculty and staff. 
 
 Requirements 
 Documents 
 
 
 Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V. 
 
 
 Cover Letter - Letter of interest 
 
 
 References 
 3 references required (contact information only) 
 
 
 How to apply 
 
 Create an ApplicantID 
 Provide required information and documents 
 If any, provide required reference information 
 
 Get started: press Apply Now 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Israel Institute, Post-Doctoral Fellowships (deadline: Feb 15, 2015) 
 Posted on  January 29, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Objective 
 The Israel Institute awards post-doctoral fellowships to highly qualified candidates in order to foster the growth of the next generation of elite Israel Studies faculty. The fellowships are for up to two years, and include a stipend of $48,000 per year with an annual $3,000 research and travel budget. The Institute is seeking recent Ph.D.s who are working on an Israel-focused topic and who are developing courses on modern Israel. Israel presents a rich field for a variety of different social science and humanities topics, and the Institute supports promising scholars who can teach about Israel effectively while also advancing an innovative research agenda. The Israel Institute Post-Doctoral Fellowship provides an opportunity for exceptional candidates to revise their dissertations into books and advance their academic careers while gaining necessary teaching experience. Post-Doctoral Fellows are expected to teach one class each semester. In the rare circumstances when teaching is not possible, Fellows are expected to perform an equivalent academic service, i.e. plan a conference, organize a seminar series, etc. 
 Israel Institute Post-Doctoral Fellows carry out their fellowships at universities in the United States, Europe and Israel. The Israel Institute accepts applications from candidates who have already secured an unfunded post-doctoral position and who require additional funding, as well as from candidates who are looking for post-doctoral appointments and have not yet secured one. In the case of the latter, the Institute will work to match successful applicants with top universities and can facilitate new post-doctoral positions. In all cases, the Institute’s strong preference is for post-doctoral fellows to do their fellowship in a different country than the one in which they completed their Ph.D., so that candidates with doctorates from U.S. or European universities do fellowships at Israeli universities, and vice versa. This year, Israel Institute post-doctoral fellows hold positions at top universitites on three continents, including the University of California, Berkeley, Oxford, and Hebrew University. 
 Requirements 
 The Israel Institute post-doctoral fellowship is open to candidates who have earned Ph.Ds within the last four years. Fellowship proposals should reflect the Institute’s goal of advancing knowledge and study of modern Israel and can be centered in the social sciences, humanities, law, or art and cultural studies. The Israel Institute is seeking academics of the highest caliber across an array of fields and departments, and advanced knowledge of Israel as well as competency in Hebrew is required. 
 In order to be considered for the Israel Institute’s post-doctoral fellowship, please submit the following materials using the Apply Now button below by February 15, 2015: 
 
 A proposal not to exceed 2000 words describing your research and teaching interests and descriptions of two proposed courses, at least one of which is an Israel Studies course, that you would teach. Please indicate whether you have already secured a post-doctoral position, and if not please list up to three preferences for where you would like to secure a position. 
 Copies of any available teaching evaluations.* 
 Two letters of recommendation from advisers or colleagues who are intimately familiar with your work. One letter must be from your disseration advisor or committee chair.* 
 A complete academic CV containing any jobs you have held, publications, and presentations or speeches. 
 The first chapter of your dissertation and a dissertation abstract. 
 
 
 Non-electronic and/or confidential materials, such as recommendations, can be emailed to us at  applications@israelinstitute.org  or mailed to us at: 
 
 Israel Institute 
Attn: Post-Doctoral Fellowships 
1250 Eye Street, NW, Suite 710 
Washington, DC 20005 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Research Associate in Israel/Palestine, University of Manchester (2015-2018) 
 Posted on  November 4, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Research Associate 
 Closing date :  04/12/2014 
 Reference :  HUM-05478 
 Faculty / Organisational unit :  Humanities 
 School / Directorate :  School of Arts, Languages and Cultures 
 Division :  Language Based Area Studies 
 Employment type :  Fixed Term 
 Duration :  3 years 
 Location :  Oxford Road, Manchester 
 Salary :  £30,434 to £37,394 per annum 
 Hours per week :  Full time 
 This post will be based in Middle Eastern Studies (MES) which is part of the Language-Based Area Studies (LBAS) division in the School of Arts, Languages, and Cultures. 
 Research proposals should address some periods, years and aspects linked to the history, society, culture or politics of Palestine / Israel from the mid-19th century up to the present day; you may choose to include in your proposal time allocation for revising PhD dissertation into a book. 
 You must have a native or near native reading command of Hebrew and/or Arabic. In addition you must hold a PhD in one of the disciplinary areas within the humanities or social sciences at the day your application is submitted. 
 You will be expected to take a keen interest in both research and teaching. Beginning in the post's second semester, you will be required to teach every semester ONE 20 credit undergraduate course unit of your own design within the field of Israel / Palestine studies OR assist in an equivalent notional time and capacity in teaching of existing course units within the field of Israel / Palestine studies. 
 The successful candidate must be open-minded and flexible and able to collaborate closely with colleagues in the delivery of teaching and learning. You will share responsibilities for student progress and academic management with full commitment to the school’s ideals of collegiality and academic integrity at all levels of activity. Oral interviews may be conducted via skype. 
 Informal enquiries 
 Informal enquiries can be made to Dr Moshe Behar: 
 Email:  moshe.behar@manchester.ac.uk 
 As an equal opportunities employer, we welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons. However, as black and minority ethnic (BME) candidates are currently under-represented at this level in this area, we would particularly welcome applications from BME applicants. All appointments will be made on merit. 
 https://www.jobs.manchester.ac.uk/displayjob.aspx?jobid=8770 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Professor in Israel Studies, U Calgary, 6 months (2014-2015) 
 Posted on  March 24, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Israel Studies Program at the University of Calgary invites applications to fill a Visiting Professor position in Israel Studies, for 6 months during the 2014-2015 Academic Year (either fall 2014 (July to December) or winter 2015 (January through June). 
 Applicants from a variety of disciplines are invited to apply, but the successful candidate should hold a Ph.D. in a field of specialization such as Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, History, Literature, Film or Cultural Studies, International Relations, Public Affairs, or Communications Studies. Applicants must be engaging teachers who are fluent in both Hebrew and English. 
 The appointee will be expected to teach 2 courses on topics relating to modern Israel, and should also be prepared to give a public lecture in the Calgary area as well as one to the University of Calgary community. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a list of courses they are prepared to teach, a C.V. and three confidential letters of reference by April 15th, 2014. Submissions should be sent electronically to Florentine Strzelczyk, Vice Dean of the Faculty of Arts,  strzelcz@ucalgary.ca . 
 All qualified candidates are eligible to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies, Taub Center, NYU, 2014 
 Posted on  December 14, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Taub Center for Israel Studies at New York University seeks to appoint two Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies for a one-year term beginning in September, 2014. Candidates may work on any aspect of Israel Studies, including topics related to history, politics, sociology and culture of Israel. Fellows are expected to teach one undergraduate course during their time at NYU. PhD must be in hand by September 1, 2014 with no exceptions, and may not have been received before September 2010. A Fellowship of $42,000 will be awarded to the successful candidate, with additional research funds allocated at the discretion of the Taub Center. Fellows hold appointments in the Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies and work closely with colleagues in their disciplinary specialization if appropriate. 
 Fluency in both Hebrew and English is required. 
 Application Requirements Include: 
 1. CV 
 2. Research Project Proposal 
 3. Three Letters of Recommendation 
 4. Two Course Proposals / Descriptions 
 5. Abstract of Dissertation in English 
 6. Copy of Dissertation in Hebrew or English - electronic file preferred 
 Please email materials to  fas.taubcenter@nyu.edu . Printed materials may also be sent to: 
 Postdoctoral Fellow Search Committee 
 Taub Center for Israel Studies 
 New York University 
 14A Washington Mews, 2nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10003 
 The deadline for Applications is January 15, 2014. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48162 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  New York University ,  NYU ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 JOB: UCSD Fall Quarter, Hebrew Literature (fixed term) 
 Posted on  November 12, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of California - San Diego - Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature 
 UC San Diego Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature, Fall Quarter 2014 
 The Judaic Studies Program housed in the department of History within the Division of Arts and Humanities at UC San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body. We invite applicants for a one quarter visiting position at UC-San Diego during the fall quarter of 2014. The successful candidate will teach two courses, one to be a survey of Modern Hebrew Literature in translation, the other in an area of Judaic Studies of their choice. Candidates should be eager to engage with faculty and graduate students in Literature and Judaic Studies while at UCSD, and be prepared to deliver a public seminar on their research during the quarter. We welcome applicants with a comparative focus, as well as those with an emphasis in Hebrew language and literature. Junior applicants are especially encouraged to apply, although visiting senior candidates will also be considered. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong or potential accomplishments in areas committed to diversity, equality and inclusion, and a desire to play leadership role in advancing UC San Diego's commitment to achieving excellence and diversity. 
 Applicants should submit a cover letter, cv, and a sample syllabus, as well as three letters of recommendation to Sally Hargate at  judaicstudies@ucsd.ed  by January 15, 2014. 
 UCSD is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to excellence through diversity. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48025 
 -- 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Hebrew literature ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs ,  University of California ,  ספרות עברית  |   Leave a reply 
 Fellowship: Williams College, Mellon Postdoctoral Fellowship in Middle Eastern History 
 Posted on  March 27, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of History at Williams College seeks to appoint a two-year Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in the history of the Middle East, beginning in the fall of 2013. Period and specialization are open, but scholars trained in the premodern Middle East and the Ottoman Empire are particularly encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will teach one course per semester and be expected to offer survey courses on the Middle East as well as specialized courses based on their interests. Ph.D. in hand or expected by September 2013; new Ph.D.s are especially encouraged to apply. 
The Fellow will be included in the activities of the History Department as a regular junior faculty member. They will work closely with a faculty mentor; participate in Williams’ Project for Effective Teaching; and receive feedback on pedagogical skills and teaching effectiveness through our standard evaluation procedures. 
The fellowship includes a salary of $42,500 plus benefits and funds to support research and travel. Applicants must be citizens or permanent residents of the United States, or expect to pursue a teaching career in the United States. The position is made possible by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. 
Please send a letter of application, c.v., summary of current research, short description of suggested courses, and three letters of reference by April 12, 2013, to Professor Eiko Maruko Siniawer, Chair, Department of History, Williams College, 85 Mission Park Drive, Williamstown, MA 01267. All offers of employment are contingent upon completion of a background check. Further information is available here:  http://dean-faculty.williams.edu/prospective-faculty/background-check-policy/ . 
Williams College is a coeducational liberal arts institution located in the Berkshire Hills of western Massachusetts that has built its reputation on outstanding teaching and scholarship and on the academic excellence of its approximately 2,000 students. Beyond meeting fully its legal obligations for non-discrimination, Williams College is committed to building a diverse and inclusive community where members from all backgrounds can live, learn, and thrive. 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Oxford, OI, Research Lectureship in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  February 10, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 
 University Research Lecturership in Israel Studies 
 University of Oxford  -Faculty of Oriental Studies 
 Faculty of Oriental Studies, Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
 Grade 8:   £37,382 - £44,607 p.a. 
 The University proposes to appoint a University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies from 22 April 2013 or as soon as possible thereafter for five years. The successful candidate will also be appointed to a Fellowship in Israel Studies in the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, a Recognised Independent Centre of the University. The University Research Lecturer will be required to carry out research in the field of Israel Studies; to promote and disseminate research; to teach; and to fulfil general duties for the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies. 
 The successful applicant will have the potential to be a recognised authority in his or her field; by the time of appointment hold a doctorate (or equivalent) in some aspect of the study of Israel Studies; have a record of scholarly publications; a commitment to teaching; the potential to provide academic leadership; and be able to demonstrate a dedication to disseminating knowledge about Israel to a wider public. Applicants without all of the required skills and experience may be considered for appointment at Grade 7 (  £29,541 - £36,298 p.a.). 
 Applications for this vacancy are to be made online not later than noon on  Thursday 7 March 2013.  Two references also should be sent to the email address provided below by Thursday 7 March. Shortlisted candidates will be asked for a third reference to be provided prior to the interview. To apply for this role and for further details, including the job description and full selection criteria, please click on the links provided below. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel Studies ,  Jewish Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Assistant Lecturer, Modern Israel. Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation, Monash 
 Posted on  December 19, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 From:  http://jobs.theconversation.edu.au/jobs/3377-assistant-lecturer-australian-centre-for-jewish-civilisation 
 Assistant Lecturer (Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation) 
 Job No. 
 507368 
 Faculty / Portfolio: 
 Faculty of Arts 
 School Philosophical, Historical and International Studies Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation 
 Location: Caulfield campus 
 Employment Type: Full-time 
 Duration: Two year fixed-term appointment (commencing July 2013) 
 Remuneration: $62,724 - $85,128 pa Level A (includes 9% employer superannuation) 
 The Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation is seeking an Assistant Lecturer with a dynamic teaching and research profile in the area of Middle East studies with a specialisation in the history of modern Israel. You will teach in areas of high student interest offered by the Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation, support research student supervision and engage in original and innovative research. 
 You will bolster the centre's strengths in the areas of modern Israel and Middle East Studies, playing a leading role in teaching the following existing History units: 
 Modern Israel: History, Politics and Society The Middle East in the Modern World The History of the Arab-Israeli Conflict War and Peace: Models of Conflict Resolution. 
 You will have: 
 a PhD qualification or near completion in the discipline of History relating to modern Israel and/or the Middle East expertise in the history of the Middle East with a specialisation in Israel a working knowledge of Hebrew evidence of outstanding reserch potential proven excellence in teaching the ability to work as part of a team high level verbal and written communication skills good organisational and administrative skills willingness to participate in the Centre's public engagement programs. 
 This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated. 
 Your application must address the selection criteria. Please refer to "How to apply for Monash Jobs" 
 Enquiries 
 Mr Mark Baker, Director, Jewish Studies, +61 3 9903 5001 Position Description PD - Assistant Lecturer - Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation Closing Date Monday 21 January 2013, 11:55pm Aus. Eastern Daylight Time 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Australia ,  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Middle East ,  Modern Israel ,  Monash ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
