Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 15 Jun  2017 
 Part-Time Work at the comfort of your home | Web Search Evaluator 
 Appen  -  Anywhere 
 Job Description 
 Appen Web Search Evaluators perform basic online tasks to evaluate the quality and relevance of internet based search results, advertisements and/or web page content. This position helps to ensure that people around the world are presented the most effective and relevant data possible when searching for information on the internet. In other words, your input counts in creating a better user experience for people looking for data online around the globe. 
 The Web Search Evaluator position is a part-time, work from home opportunity where all you need is a computer, sound card with speakers, high-speed internet connection and experience searching for information on the internet to get the job done. 
 These are entry level positions that will allow the Web Search Evaluator to learn new technologies and receive income just by having a relatively new computer with speakers and a desire to help improve the quality and relevancy of search returns! 
 Don’t miss this opportunity to be part of a Appen’s rapidly growing global Web Search Evaluation Team providing critical data for the world’s top internet search engine companies! 
 Work Schedule: 
 · The Web Search Evaluator positions are flexible, part-time and up to 4 hours a day - 5 days a week! 
 Requirements: 
 · Must be currently residing in and able to perform work tasks in Finland 
 · Proficient in written English and Finnish language skills 
 · Access to a computer that is less than 3 years in age from the date of manufacture with a sound card and speakers 
 · High-speed internet connection with experience using the internet and performing searches 
 · Ability to read and write in English to understand and perform work tasks to customer specifications 
 Characteristics for Success: 
 · Have the ability and desire to work from home doing internet based work within search media platforms 
 · Possess a basic level of computer operational knowledge 
 · Ability and willingness to comprehend and follow instructions independently 
 · Experience as freelancer or other work from home opportunities. 
 Compensation: 
 · Dependent upon project 
 Appen Rewards and Recognition: 
 FlexJobs – Recognized by FlexJobs as a Top 100 Company to Watch for Remote Jobs in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 including the #1 Ranking in 2017! 
 Deloitte Technology Fast 50 – Three-time winner in the Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Australia Awards from 2012 through 2014. 
 Momentum Mid Market Awards – Finalist in the BRW Momentum Awards for Best Mid-Market Business $50-$100MM Category. In addition, Appen was a finalist in the 2014 Australian Growth Technology Company Awards. 
 Australian Export Rewards – Inaugural winner in 2008 of the Prime Minister’s Exporter of the Year Award and Australian Export Category winner, Information and Communication Technology Award. 
 Appen’s clients are the top technology companies in the world. We are a global technology and language consulting firm, operating in 180 languages and we staff projects ranging in size from under one hundred to thousands of remote workers around the globe. Appen’s work provides the critical data our clients need to make the technology experience in many platforms better for all users. 
 Note: Appen is actively hiring for many clients. We have other opportunities which may be contractor or employee status, or have different schedules and requirements. Our team will evaluate your application and review all positions that might be a quality fit based on your skills and experience. To see all our work opportunities, please visit join.appen.com. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: IT Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Part-Time . Job Tags:  Freelance ,  fresh graduates ,  Part Time ,  retired ,  Social Media , and  Work from Home . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 9 total views, 0 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 15 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 HVAC designer 
Location
 Tavastia Proper  Finland
Date Posted
 12 Nov  2013
3. Type
Part-Time
Job
 iOS (back end) developer 
Location
 HELSINKI  FI
Date Posted
 7 Oct  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Prior to moving in Finland 
 Finnish Home Designs That Make You Go 'Wow' 
 Types of work that you can find in Finland 
 Work Permit Regulations for Fruit Pickers in Finland 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1296](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
