Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Prosthodontist - Institute for Reconstructive Sciences in Medicine 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Department of Surgery & Alberta Health Services 
Competition No. - A100742975 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Division of Otolaryngology – Head & Neck Surgery, Department of Surgery, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta, in partnership with Alberta Health Service and Covenant Health, invite applications for an academic Prosthodontist to join the Institute for Reconstructive Sciences in Medicine (iRSM). The successful applicant will be based primarily at the Misericordia Community Hospital in Edmonton, Alberta. 
 The University of Alberta Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry has been internationally recognized as being among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. Alberta Health Services is Canada’s largest and only provincial health region providing services for a population of over 4.2 million people. 
 Covenant is Canada’s largest Catholic provider of health care, with 26 Catholic facilities in 15 communities across Alberta. As a major provider in Alberta’s integrated health system, the Covenant family (Covenant Health, Covenant Care, and Covenant Living) works with Alberta Health Services and community partners to positively influence the health of Albertans through a broad range of programs and services in our hospitals, health centres and continuing care centres. 
 iRSM is a clinical and research centre of excellence that is internationally recognized and is dedicated to reconstruction and rehabilitation of the head and neck. iRSM provides an exciting and rapidly evolving interdisciplinary environment. Clinical care encompasses both congenital and acquired conditions. Research is broadly based involving discovery and translational activity for both basic and applied research. iRSM provides patient-centred care and research through an interdisciplinary teamwork structure that is quality system driven. Commitment to excellence in clinical care and scholarly activity is essential to the future of iRSM. iRSM is a collaborative partnership under a joint agreement by Alberta Health Services, Covenant Health, and the University of Alberta. 
 The prosthodontic position will be based in the Department of Surgery, Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry as a Special Continuing faculty position with secondment to Covenant Health to provide clinical services at iRSM. Within the Department of Surgery, the position will be in the Division of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery. 
 The Prosthodontist will have both clinical, research, teaching and administrative responsibilities within the iRSM team. Clinical responsibilities will involve provision of maxillofacial prosthodontic care involving both intraoral and extraoral treatment. Research responsibilities will involve developing independent and collaborative research. Development of peer reviewed, and non-traditional funding will also be required. Engaging the international clinical and research community to advance the aims of iRSM are an important aspect of the position. Establishment of an annually productive international presentation and peer-reviewed scientific publication program are seen as an essential aspect of the prosthodontist position. Teaching is an important requirement of the prosthodontist position and the teaching commitment will be guided by the Head of the Department of Surgery and the Director of the Division of Otolaryngology–Head and Neck Surgery. The incumbent will also be required to contribute to in-service teaching activities at iRSM. Formal and informal mentoring of students, residents, fellows and colleagues is considered important activity by iRSM, the Department of Surgery and the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry. The prosthodontist will be required to contribute to service and administrative activities at iRSM. 
 Qualifications: 
Undergraduate university degree in dentistry 
DDS with specialization in prosthodontics 
Successful completion of a graduate specialty program in prosthodontics (Masters level program with a research component) 
Completion of a standalone Research Master of Science (non-clinical) or preferably a doctoral research program (PhD) 
 Experience: 
Minimum of 5 years of experience in providing maxillofacial prosthodontic care 
Record of experience with conducting both independent and collaborative research 
A proven record of publication in peer reviewed journals 
A proven record of success with attracting research grant funding 
A record of commitment to mentoring and teaching activities 
Experience with service administration 
 More information about the University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, and Department of Surgery can be found at www.med.ualberta.ca. Information about Alberta Health Services and the City of Edmonton can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca and www.edmonton.ca respectively. 
 Interested applicants should arrange to have a current curriculum vitae, a letter of intent outlining clinical, research and teaching interests as well as a brief description of major accomplishments, reprints of at least two representative research papers, and the names of at least three referees to Dr. Hadi Seikaly. We thank all applicants for their interest, however only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 Dr. Hadi Seikaly, Professor & Divisional Director, Division of Otolaryngology – Head & Neck Surgery, Department of Surgery, University of Alberta 
 How to Apply 
Email 
hseikaly@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
