
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 Work From Home Jobs  April 1, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 419shares 
 Virtual assistant jobs are among the most popular  stay-at-home jobs . They are one of the most flexible and high-paying freelancing jobs. If you are looking to kick-start your virtual assistance career, you are in the right place. 
 We have compiled all the important details that will see you succeed doing virtual assistant jobs. Most importantly, you will find a list of virtual assistant websites and companies that are looking to hire virtual assistants like you. 
 But before we get to the best virtual assistant companies hiring, let's look at some crucial aspects of being a virtual assistant. 
 What does a Virtual Assistant do? 
 As a virtual assistant, you will be providing different administrative and management services to organizations, from a remote location.  If you're a beginner, you might be asking yourself, what jobs can a virtual assistant do? Some of the services you will sell to your clients include: 
 
 Social media management 
 Event planning and management 
 Managing calendars 
 Scheduling appointments 
 Sending and replying to emails 
 Preparing reports 
 Personal tasks like booking hotels, restaurants and flights 
 Simple digital marketing tasks 
 Any other duty that a personal assistant can perform such as making dinner reservations 
 
 What skills do you need to become a virtual assistant? 
 The most critical skills you need to excel as a virtual assistant are: 
 
 Excellent communication skills, both oral and written 
 Excellent organizational skills 
 Good time-management skills 
 Reliable - Your client needs to trust you with their work 
 Self-motivated - You will be working alone, without constant supervision 
 Patient - Because you will encounter difficult tasks and customers while working 
 Strong interpersonal skills 
 
 These skills will distinguish a great virtual assistant from a flaky one. Becoming a virtual assistant is not an overnight success. You can always develop the skills above and improve your performance in virtual assistance. 
 Do I need virtual assistant training? 
 Yes. Virtual assistant jobs from home require some form of training before getting started. Luckily, you don't need to look far for this kind of training. 
 Gina is a super successful VA who knows what it takes to start and grow a thriving virtual assistant business. She created an amazing  virtual assistant training course  that covers everything you need to know to become a virtual assistant with the potential to earn over $100 per hour. 
 
 Click here to get instant access to Gina's virtual assistant training course! 
 How do I get a job as a virtual assistant? 
 After you have trained and done thorough research on what virtual assistant jobs entail, your next step would be to go job-hunting. Worried about acquiring clients? Worry no more; here are some of the sure ways that almost guarantee you a virtual assistant job: 
 
 Try sourcing for employment from your networks. You never know who could be looking for a virtual assistant 
 Sign up with virtual staffing companies. These companies will be looked into detail later in the article 
 Create a virtual assistant profile on freelance sites and bid for work 
 Join virtual assistant networks on social media platforms 
 Create a website displaying your services to potential clients 
 Take advantage of job boards such as ZipRecruiter 
 Join a course and have your trainer connect you to clients 
 
 How much money can you make as a virtual assistant? 
 The pay for a virtual assistant varies significantly, depending on tour experience, skills, and the company you're are working for. Most virtual assistants, however, earn anywhere between $10-$50 per hour. 
 How much you earn monthly will depend on how many hours of work you take. Virtual assistant jobs are flexible; you can work as much or less as you want. 
 Let's look at some companies that offer virtual assistant jobs for beginners. What companies hire virtual assistants? 
 The best virtual assistant jobs from home. Leading virtual assistant companies to work for 
 More reading:  200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 1. Zirtual 
 Zirtual  hires virtual assistants to help businesses complete tasks and stay organized. The virtual assistants on the platform are required to completed diverse tasks for the clients. 
 The requirements of getting approved on Zirtual are: 
 
 A college degree 
 Skills in customer service 
 Pass a background test 
 
 On Zirtual, you will find full-time jobs, from 9 am -6 pm as work hours. You will also find posts that may require a bit of travel, or 100% work-from-home jobs. 
 PROS 
 
 It is among the best-paying platforms for virtual assistants 
 Zirtual is beginner-friendly 
 A supportive support team that is quick to respond to any queries 
 They do provide employee benefits that include dental, vision and medical 
 
 CONS 
 
 You must be a college graduate and from the US 
 Getting approved can be a bit hectic 
 
 2.  Belay Solutions 
 Belay Solutions , formerly known as EA HELP, seeks to connect virtual assistants and enterprises across the United States. Belay Solutions has one of the highest ratings on Glassdoor; you will love your experience working here. 
 To get approved on Belay Solutions, you must: 
 
 Have a Bachelor's degree 
 Have 5 years' experience preferably in executive assistance or related fields 
 Be proficient in modern technology and computers 
 
 The virtual assistants on this platform can set their rates between $14 and $20 per hour. 
 PROS 
 
 Consistent workflow 
 Flexible work environment for all their virtual assistants work remotely 
 Competitive pay compared to other virtual assistant companies 
 
 CONS 
 
 You must ace a rigorous entry interview 
 
 3. Time ETC 
 Time ETC  is a United Kingdom-based company that connects virtual assistants to businesses and individuals who need them. The service, however, operates and hires in the US too. You will fall in love with the flexibility that their clients offer. 
 To pass their rigorous selection process, you must have the following: 
 
 At least 2 or 3 years' experience in commercial service 
 Ability to dedicate a few working hours a per week 
 Computer, stable internet connection and officer software suite 
 
 Time Etc pays $11-$16 per hour. You will love that Time Etc is out to build long-term relationships between the clients and the virtual assistants. 
 PROS 
 
 High probability of landing a long-term client 
 Consistent workflow 
 A supportive support team. This makes it beginner-friendly 
 
 CONS 
 
 You will need to be disciplined to keep up with your work schedule 
 
 4. Fancy Hands 
 Despite having relatively low pay, you may love the work experience and flexibility of  Fancy Hands . This makes it an excellent platform for part-time jobs. They pay their virtual assistants $3-$7 per task. The tasks may take 10 to 30 minutes to complete. 
 What I love most about Fancy Hands is that they never compromise on flexibility. There will always be lots of work you can do, but you can only do them whenever you want to. 
 Sign up on FancyHands.com to get started. 
 PROS 
 
 Amazingly flexible; get to set your work hours 
 Consistent workflow 
 Privilege to choose the most convenient assignments for yourself 
 
 CONS 
 
 Lower pay compared to other virtual assistant sites 
 
 5. Virtual Office VA 
 Virtual Office VA  connects virtual assistants to clients who need help running their daily administrative duties. They have a particular interest in the real estate world. 
 The virtual assistant jobs on this platform entail a lot of phone calls. You should be, therefore, good with people. 
 What you will love most about this platform is that they provide training to hired candidates, an excellent way for a beginner to get started. 
 For beginners on the site, the starting pay is $9 per hour. Sign up on their page to get started. You will need to pass a test after the training session. Create a competitive profile and start sending bids. 
 PROS 
 
 Provides training to hired people 
 The platform is very flexible. You set your work hours and work schedule 
 Their weekly pay is favorable for independent contractors 
 
 CONS 
 
 Limited to the US 
 
 More work from home jobs: 
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking for Online Jobs 
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring In 2020 
 
 6. Lifebushido 
 Lifebushido  is a company that hires virtual assistants globally. The virtual assistants will be required to perform administrative tasks to small businesses. 
 You need to dedicate 5-20 hours of work per week. Their pay is $10 per hour.  Sign up on their page to get started. 
 PROS 
 
 Hires worldwide 
 Flexible work condition, for you choose when to work and how much to work 
 
 CONS 
 
 Inconsistent flow of work 
 
 7. Red Butler 
 Red Butler  hires virtual assistants to carry out diverse tasks for their clients. The most popular tasks on their platforms would be to schedule meetings, organize conferences, make calls, research, and scheduling travel. 
 They have both full-time and part-time work opportunities. 
 PROS 
 
 You are most likely to get long-term engagements with clients on this platform 
 A responsive support team that will always work on the queries of the employees 
 They offer one of the most competitive rates in the industry 
 
 CONS 
 
 You will need to multi-task between clients and different orders to keep up with the platform 
 
 8. 99 Dollar Social 
 If you are in love with social media, you will love your virtual assistance experience on  99 Dollar Social . A lot of virtual assistant gigs on 99 Dollar social involve social media management. 
 Before getting hired on 99 Dollar Social, you will need to commit to managing 10 social media accounts. They pay per social media account managed, and not per hour committed to work. 
 The best thing about this platform is that they offer you training videos to get started. 
 PROS 
 
 They offer training videos, making it suitable for beginners 
 The flow of work is guaranteed 
 Quick responses and support from the management 
 Flexible working hours and environment 
 Smooth interviewing and approval process 
 
 CONS 
 
 The flat-rate pay per account managed may not work suitable for some freelancers. 
 
 9. Okay Relax 
 Okay Relax  is a platform that seeks to offload the work burden from its clients. The clients will upload their work, and they will be connected to remote virtual assistants, who will ensure the task is handled effectively. 
 As a virtual assistant on this platform, you should expect to manage phone calls, research, reservations, scheduling appointments, and daily administrative posts. 
 You will love that you will directly be assigned to a client. You will forget about having to bid for clients. Beginners on this platform earn $11-$13 per hour. The pay goes up to $16-$18 per hour. 
 You will need a Bachelor's degree to get approved. You will undergo rigorous training for 3 weeks after you get approved. 
 PROS 
 
 Training is offered 
 A client is assigned to you depending on your skills and their requirements, no more bidding for clients 
 You are assured about work consistency 
 Hires worldwide 
 
 CONS 
 
 You will need to keep up with the urgency of some tasks. They will always have jobs with very tight deadlines. 
 
 10. Boldly (formerly Worldwide 101) 
 If you are looking for virtual assistant jobs from a company that hires people as employees,  Boldly  would be your ideal option. With the 'employee' tag, you will benefit from various compensations and allowances. 
 Boldly is one of the best-paying virtual assistant companies in the market. They pay $20-$25 per hour. 
 To get hired on Boldly, you will need the following: 
 
 Ace 3 video interviews, 
 Experience in relevant positions 
 Pass a background check 
 Conversance with the internet and cloud-based technologies 
 A reliable internet connection 
 
 PROS 
 
 Decent pay 
 Privilege to enjoy employee benefits 
 Flexible working conditions 
 
 CONS 
 
 Getting approved can be quite hectic 
 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 11. Virtual Gal Friday 
 Virtual Gal Friday  hires assistants in the United States. The company hires their virtual assistants as employees, but still giving the privilege of flexible work hours. 
 Some of the popular duties you would execute for clients on this platform are: 
 
 Answering phone calls 
 Sending and replying to messages 
 Medical assistant duties 
 Receptionists jobs 
 Paralegal work 
 Managing the calendar 
 You need to be good with Microsoft Excel and Word to get approved. 
 
 You can set your compensation rate between $5 and $20 per hour. 
 PROS 
 
 Employee benefits 
 Decent rates 
 Consistent workflow 
 
 CONS 
 
 You should expect to take up work from employees who quit, without early notice 
 
 12. Equivity VA 
 If you would love gigs in executive administration,  Equivity VA  would be your ideal platform. Your earnings depend on the client you work for. The average pay, however, ranges from $13-$19 per hour.  You can source for both part-time and full-time gigs on this platform. 
 Sign up on their page to get started. 
 PROS 
 
 Decent pay 
 Chances of landing a long-term client 
 
 CONS 
 
 Inconsistent flow of work 
 
 13. Magic 
 Magic  is one of those virtual assistant companies that hire assistants from all over the world. The flexible and work-at-home experience on this platform is fantastic. Assistants on this platform should expect to perform regular virtual assistant tasks. 
 PROS 
 
 A great work-from-home experience 
 Communicate with your clients privately 
 Consistent work flow 
 
 CONS 
 
 Magic undergoes lots of engineering and maintenance activities. This may be good in upgrading the platform, but occasionally leads to inconsistent workflow 
 
 14. Office 88 
 Office 88  offers virtual assistant jobs for independent contractors. The virtual assistants on the platform perform general secretarial duties. You may also bump into other freelance gigs such as web designs and translating services. 
 Each project pays differently on this platform. Most of the gigs pay between $11 and $18. 
 PROS 
 
 Consistent flow of work 
 Diverse kinds of services you can offer 
 Pay is displayed before you take up the gig 
 
 CONS 
 
 You need to be diligent with quality and deadlines. Clients are given discounts on poor results and failed deadlines. Such discounts are charged from the virtual assistants' pay. 
 
 Money making ideas: 
 
 30 Best Money Making Apps To Earn Cash With Your Smartphone 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 25 Real Ways To Make Money From Home 
 
 15. Smith A.I 
 Smith A. I  hires virtual receptionists based in the US.  Most of the platform's clients are law firm owners. You should, therefore, expect to work in paralegal lines.  Some positions on this platform are bilingual, and they are better paying. 
 The virtual receptionists earn $10 per hour, while bilingual virtual receptionists earn $11 per hour. Sign up on their page to get started 
 PROS 
 
 They offer additional employee benefits to their virtual receptionists 
 The fast-paced work environment makes it suitable to build your skills while working 
 Friendly coworkers and management 
 
 CONS 
 
 Part-time workers need to dedicate at least 4 hours a day in 5 days a week. This makes it quite inflexible. 
 
 16. Virtual Assistant Talent 
 Virtual Assistant Talent  seeks to connect virtual assistants to businesses. They have lots of virtual assistant jobs in the real estate field. You will love their no-contract obligation. You can always leave, cancel orders, or quit the platform whenever you want to. 
 The support team will always monitor your work and time management. This is to ensure you give the best quality to clients. Substandard quality will have you replaced with another virtual assistant. 
 PROS 
 
 No-obligation contract 
 Consistent flow of work 
 Supportive and friendly support team 
 
 CONS 
 
 Short notices to replace assistants who quit 
 
 17. 20Four7VA 
 20Four7VA  hires virtual assistants from all over the world. They also help small businesses and e-commerce companies from all over the world to accomplish their daily administrative tasks. 
 They have a preference for Virtual assistants with knowledge in eBay, Amazon Seller Assistance, SEO, content writing, and web development. 
 The site will match your profile to jobs that need your skills. For this reason, be sure to create a strong profile to showcase your skills. Their pay depends on the client you are working for. 
 PROS 
 
 A friendly support team that will see you earn even as a beginner 
 Consistent flow of work 
 You get matched to the client who needs your skills, no need to bid for work 
 
 CONS 
 
 Lots of jobs on the site come with tight deadlines 
 
 Which of these virtual assistant jobs do you like most? 
 Virtual assistant companies  make it easy for you to earn money working from the comfort of your house.  A lot of small businesses and entrepreneurs are avoiding the risk of permanently hiring a personal assistant. As a virtual assistant, you should take advantage of this, and earn as much as you can working from your house, and for fewer hours. 
 If you are just starting, the above virtual assistant jobs for beginners will give you a thrilling experience. Get as many clients as you can on different platforms. Get to work and watch yourself gain a proper family-work balance. 
 Which of these virtual assistant jobs from home do you like most? Do you have any other virtual assistant websites to add? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 419shares 
   
 Tags: virtual assistant companies ,  Virtual Assistant Jobs ,  virtual assistant websites 
 Related Posts 
   
 17 Best Online Jobs for College Students with No Experience 
 Are you a college student looking to make … 
   
 15 EASY Online Jobs That Pay Through PayPal (FAST!) 
 In this article, you're going to discover some … 
   
 [Interview] Caitlin Pyle On How To Become A Successful Proofreader 
 Are you good at spotting grammatical errors and … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Fancy the idea of teaching online from the … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
