
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Supplier Quality Manager 
 QSC, LLC 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Supplier Quality Manager 
 QSC, LLC 
 [](mailto:?subject=Supplier%20Quality%20Manager&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14306378/supplier-quality-manager/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 13, 2021 
 Location: 
 Costa Mesa, California 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Required Education: 
 4 Year Degree 
 QSC thrives where innovative technology and compelling audio-visual experiences intersect. For over 50 years, QSC has pioneered the technology and solutions that enable immersive cinema, live performance audio, themed entertainment, digital collaboration and meeting experiences for our customers and partners around the world. A globally recognized innovator in the design, engineering, and manufacture of category leading high-performance loudspeakers, digital mixers, power amplifiers, audio processors, digital cinema solutions, and the Q-SYS™ software-based audio, video and control Ecosystem. 
 By joining the QSC team, you will be in a challenging, collaborative, fun, and innovative environment. We encourage employees to take ownership, to color outside the lines, and to imagine possibilities. Our culture is casual but dynamic, with cross-functional teams collaborating on creating memorable audio-visual experiences that deliver joy to people, wherever they are. At QSC, fun and hard work go hand in hand. Join us and make a difference in the way people experience movies, meetings, presentations, live performances, and much more. 
 The QSC Supplier Quality Manager is a technical leadership position focused on product and process quality excellence. Utilizes technical expertise to implement and maintain effective supplier quality controls resulting in high product quality and customer satisfaction. The Manager provides leadership to the supplier quality team and supports the Director of Quality in the implementation of corporate quality initiatives. 
 Responsibilities 
 • Lead and develop an effective supplier quality organization comprised of quality engineers and staff professionals. 
• Solve new product and sustaining product quality issues. 
• Plan and organize work activities and lead staff to execute tasks to assure quality at domestic and offshore suppliers and within QSC in-house manufacturing. 
• Determine supplier process readiness, measure and improve process capability, and measure and improve process effectiveness. 
• Lead staff to measure, report, and improve supplier quality performance. 
• Lead staff to conduct supplier audits, including process audits and finished-goods audits. 
• Guide staff to implement effective quality plans to support product development phases, from concept through to new product launches. 
• Develop and implement process performance criteria to evaluate readiness of new products to advance from New Product Introduction status to Sustaining Production status. 
• Perform other duties as assigned. 
 
 **Qualifications  ** 
 • B.S. degree in a technical discipline (ME, EE, or Industrial Engineering with specialty in Quality, preferred) 
• Minimum 5-years' experience as the principal quality manager in a medium volume, high-mix manufacturer of electronic or electromechanical products. 
• Minimum 5-years' experience managing supplier quality performance at offshore contract manufacturers desired. (Contract manufacturers could include system assembly manufacturers and/or design and build manufacturers.) 
• Experience managing a quality department staff of minimum of 4-6 quality engineers. 
• Subject matter expertise in the Body of Knowledge for ASQ CQE (Certified Quality Engineer), CQM (Certified Quality Manager), and CQA (Certified Quality Auditor) required. Certification as a CQE and/or CQA is desired. See ASQ.org. 
• Experienced with process control practices in the following types of operations desired: PCBA assembly, plastic injection molding, sheet metal fabrication, wood cabinet fabrication, system assembly and test. 
 
 Internal Number: 2020-2658 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About QSC, LLC 
 Founded over five decades ago, QSC is a globally recognized leader in the design, engineering and manufacturing of high-performance audio, video and control (AV&C;) products including the Q-SYS™ Platform, power amplifiers, loudspeakers and digital mixers. Uniquely leveraging a broad range of technologies located under one roof, QSC products outperform the sum of their parts by delivering reliable, scalable and flexible solutions for installed, corporate, portable, production and cinema customers worldwide. QSC expertise is also evident in its advanced manufacturing and quality control processes. The company manufactures in its 81,000 square foot, state-of-the-art facility, located in Costa Mesa, California. Utilizing a compliment of demand planning, parts procurement, operations and logistics, computer-controlled precision assembly, and rigorous testing and control, the QSC facility is designed with build-to-order flexibility, giving the company unprecedented ability to respond to customer needs while keeping both parts and finished goods inventory at well-maintained levels. Select partners in Asia provide additional manufacturing. Located on 51,000 square feet of office spa...ce on the same campus as the manufacturing facility are the QSC Corporate Offices, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Technical Support and Service. Additionally, QSC has offices in San Luis Obispo, California; Boulder, Colorado; Sinsheim Germany; Weybridge and London, United Kingdom; Bengaluru (Bangalore), India and Hong Kong. QSC also has sales and support staff throughout North and South America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. QSC maintains a local warehouse and distribution facility in Costa Mesa, with other logistics facilities in the US, Europe and Asia. Employing over 600 people globally, QSC is also widely recognized as a great place to work, attracting the best and brightest individuals from all over the world. The company strives to provide a casual and fun work environment where people are genuinely excited to bring forth their best and let their talent shine. QSC offers its employees an exceptional benefits package, further enhancing its ability to attract and maintain talent, and is a 7-time recipient of the Orange County Register's "Best Place to Work" award. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at QSC, LLC 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Manufacturing Engineer 
 __  Bandon, Oregon 
 
 
 
 
 Hardin Optical Company 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 SENIOR ENGINEER, HARDWARE 
 __  Bengaluru, India 
 
 
 Rockwell Automation 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 [Senior Avaloq & API Developer in Zurich 
 NatWest Group Careers](/jobs/14308323) 
 __  Zurich, Switzerland 
 
 
 NatWest Group 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
