
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 Mad Haberdashers 
 Something to read during your boring gatecamp 
 ](https://madhaberdashers.wordpress.com/ "Mad Haberdashers") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 RSS Feed 
 <- For the Love of the Game: Final Fantasy 
 Winning -> 
 I Level Capped my Money Making Job! Now I'm poor. 
 Mar 2 
 Posted by  Corelin 
 So my miner hit 50! Always a good time in FF XIV. Now I have access to high level crafting mats. I can efficiently farm crystals and in-demand materials to buff my wallet. AND I'M OVER A MILLION GIL POORER AND MIGHT PAY MORE THAN 4 MILLION TO MAX IT OUT. 
 Yeah. I'm POOR. I mean incredibly poor. I'm nowhere NEAR first to market of course, and I can't gather the absolute top end gear. I'm making money at an acceptable rate, I could probably clear a couple hundred thousand on a work night and I don't doubt I could clear a million on a GOOD weekend binge. Between the ventures I can complete and the unspoiled nodes as well as crystal grinding or finding key materials to farm I am quite sure I can make a lot of money out there but WOW is it pricey. 
 Right now we are a month or so out from the 2.55 or whatever patch which will probably be the last content patch before Heavesward. Heavensward will render all my gear useless and require me to start over. That being said it's not the worst money grind I've ever had and it's certainly a different sort of engagement in gameplay style. 
 Money isn't a huge deal in FF XIV. There's not a lot of things you need to buy and it seems like accumulating it to buy vanity gear or to fill in key pieces (or help level an alt) is the big priority. I will keep grinding money and try to figure out the best ways and places to spend it when the expansion drops but it will be interesting to see how fast I can make money and how worthwhile it is to upgrade gear I will be dropping in three months or less. 
 Rate this: 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About Corelin 
 An Eve playing Fool who occasionally writes about the shenanigans he and his minions get up to. 
  View all posts by Corelin »  
 Posted on March 2, 2015, in  FF XIV ,  mining ,  PvE  and tagged  FF XIV ,  PVE . Bookmark the  permalink .  Leave a comment . 
 <- For the Love of the Game: Final Fantasy 
 Winning -> 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Comments 0 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Do eeeet! 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ASHOC   Blog Banter   CCP Hijinx   CSM Hijinks   Faction Warfare   FF XIV   Fiction   Games Workshop   Gaming Company Shenanigans   Hulkageddon   I was RIGHT!   Last Son of Caliban   Lessons Learned   Little Green Men   LotRO   Meta   Miniatures   Nooblets   Not EvE   Nullsec   Politics   PvE   PvP   RL SUCKS!   Things I think I think   Things You Should Know About   Uncategorized   Warhammer 40k   Warmachine   Wormhole Hijinks 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 2nd Anomaly from the left 
 Could Have Taken it Solo 
 Evoganda 
 Freebooted (How has this only just made my list) 
 Inner Sanctum of the Ninveah 
 Jester's Trek 
 Mabrick's Mumblings 
 Mark Scarus 
 Progression's Horizon 
 Shall we not Revenge 
 Tales of the Belt Police 
 Warzone Diaries 
 
 
 
 * [RSS - Posts](https://madhaberdashers.wordpress.com/feed/ "Subscribe to Posts")
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 CCP Notice 
 
 
 COPYRIGHT NOTICE EVE Online and the EVE logo are the registered trademarks of CCP hf. All rights are reserved worldwide. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. EVE Online, the EVE logo, EVE and all associated logos and designs are the intellectual property of CCP hf. All artwork, screenshots, characters, vehicles, storylines, world facts or other recognizable features of the intellectual property relating to these trademarks are likewise the intellectual property of CCP hf. CCP hf. has granted permission to Madhaberdasher to use EVE Online and all associated logos and designs for promotional and information purposes on its website but does not endorse, and is not in any way affiliated with, Madhaberdashers. CCP is in no way responsible for the content on or functioning of this website, nor can it be liable for any damage arising from the use of this website. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
