Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Orillia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 A Cashier scans and bags customer purchases, processing various forms of payment for goods and services, and promotes signing up and use of the Wal-Mart MasterCard. 
 Position Responsibilities 
 
 Practicing the 3 meter Attitude. • Greeting all Customers with a warm, friendly smile. • Ensuring each Customer receives a friendly, accurate and professional service. • Following the “One Best Way” standards of practice. • Operating a cash register by scanning items across an electronic scanner to record price, compile printed list, and display cost of the Customer's purchase, tax, and rebates on the monitor screen. • Assisting Customers with the bagging and loading of their merchandise. • Informing all customers about the Wal-Mart Rewards MasterCard and processing applications. • Promoting company sponsor programs, i.e., credit card service, product protection and charity initiatives, when applicable. • Moving to the outside/front of the register, when possible, to greet the next Customer. • Accepting all forms of Customer payment according to company guidelines. • Correctly counting back change to the Customer to prevent cash overages and shortages. • Making change, cashing cheques, and issuing receipts to Customers. • Scanning merchandise quickly and accurately. • Achieving the "Item Per Hour" goal. • Achieving the "Scanning" Percentage goal. Additional Responsibilities • Adheres to all company policies and standard operating procedures. • Other responsibilities may be assigned. 
 
 Canada Walmart Division 
 Retail Store Associates 
 Qualifications 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Mathematical Skills • Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. • Ability to compute rate, ratio and percent. • Ability to determine the number of individual things in a unit or group. Basic Reading/Writing Skills • Ability to understand the meaning of written or printed matter and to record information by inscribing characters or symbols. 
 Licensing & Other Qualifications 
 The Associate must complete all Wal-Mart Basic and Advanced Training Modules and classes 
 Physical Demands 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an Associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. • The Associate is regularly required to walk or stand. • The Associate must regularly lift and/or move up to 18kg (40lbs.). • The Associate will be required to perform tasks involving firm grasping. • The Associate will occasionally be required to bend, twist or squat. • The Associate will be involved in frequent repetitive hand actions. • The Associate will be required to reach above shoulder height and below waist level. 
 Schedule Details 
 SA: 07:00am - 11:00pm 
SU: 07:00am - 11:00pm 
MO:07:00am - 11:00pm 
TU: 07:00am - 11:00pm 
WE:07:00am - 11:00pm 
TH: 07:00am - 11:00pm 
FR: 07:00am - 11:00pm 
 Accessibility 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
