Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Store Associate 
 Value Village 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Value Village is a billion-dollar, purpose-driven thrift retailer with over 300 stores and more than 21,000 employees throughout Canada, the U.S. and Australia. Our mission – improving lives through the power of reuse – is a huge part of why our Team Members choose to work here. 
 Our business model of purchasing, reselling and recycling quality gently used clothing, accessories and household goods gives communities a smart way to shop. We keep more than 700 million pounds of used goods from landfills each year. We also help more than 100 nonprofit organizations by paying them for donated goods, which supports their vital community programs and services. 
 Our brands are Value Village (in Canada and the U.S.), Village des Valeurs (in Quebec), Savers (in the U.S), Unique (in the U.S.) and Savers Australia. 
 Summary & Positions: 
Our Retail Store Associates create an awesome experience for our Customers, Donors and other Team Members. We are hiring for both Full Time and Part Time positions which may include: 
 Sales & Customer Service Associates, Cashiers, Retail Merchandise Receivers & Stockers, Pricers, Inventory Sorting, Processing & Production, Warehouse Material Handlers, Donation Center Ambassadors. 
 What you can expect: 
Great benefits, paid training, career development, bonus opportunities, a competitive wage, and a 50% Team Member discount. Our Team is a great one, made up of people from many different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives, all with something special to contribute. You’ll positively impact Team Members, Customers, Donors, Your Community, and the Environment. 
 Value Village is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 204 Mayfield Common NW Edmonton, AB T5P 4B3 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
