Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Order Picker 
 Uline 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 From $27 to $33 per hour (includes $5/hr. pay premium) 
Annual bonuses over $7,000 paid in December 2021 
Highest pay in the land! 
 Toronto Branch 
3333 James Snow Parkway North, Milton, ON L9T 8L1 
 Available Shifts 
Monday - Friday, 10:30 AM to 7 PM. 
Sunday - Thursday, 8:30 PM to 5 AM. 
 Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. 
 Position Responsibilities 
Work independently to pick, pack and ship orders. 
Progress in your warehouse career from Packer to LTL Order Picker. 
Get certified on multiple pieces of industrial equipment. 
Contribute to our industry leading safety record. 
Report to Warehouse Management Team. 
Contribute to Uline's daily inbound warehouse operations. 
Receive, check-in and put away stock quickly and accurately. 
Replenish picking locations and unload trailers. 
 Minimum Requirements 
High school diploma or equivalent. 
Desire to work in a fast-paced, organized and positive warehouse environment. 
Ability to frequently lift, push, and slide packages that typically weigh up to 50 lbs, and may weigh up to 70 lbs. 
Ability to work full-time, 40 hours per week. 
Attention to detail and good time management skills. 
 Benefits 
Extended medical and health coverage that includes medical, dental and vision. 
Basic life insurance, disability and wellness programs. 
RRSP with 5% employer match. 
Paid holidays and generous paid time off. 
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing. 
Scholarship program for children of employees. 
 Employee Perks 
On-site café and outdoor patio. 
First-class fitness center. 
Numerous employee-appreciation events throughout the year. 
Opportunities for community involvement. 
 About Uline 
 Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials. We're a family-owned company known for incredible service, our 800+ page catalog of over 37,500 quality products and same-day shipping of our huge in-stock inventory. With over 7,000 employees across 12 locations, it's time you joined Uline. 
 Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19. 
 Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family. 
 Uline is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 MONPOST 
#LI-POST 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
