  
 
 Home 
 About 
 Services
 
 Mental Health Therapy 
 Resilience Training 
 Change Management 
 Communication & Conflict Resolution 
 
 
 Blogs 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Services
 
 Mental Health Therapy 
 Resilience Training 
 Change Management 
 Communication & Conflict Resolution 
 
 
 Blogs 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 4 Bad Career Moves 
 Home  /  Blog  / 4 Bad Career Moves 
 By  Shari Goldsmith 
 Posted  May 29, 2012 
 In  Blog 
 4 Bad Career Moves2012-05-292012-05-29/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wr2.pngWelcome to Workplace Resilience/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wr2.png200px200px 
  0 
 
 Do you know women that make success at work look easy? Do you ever wonder why some girlfriends soar in their careers while others falter? I’m sure that at some point in your life, you have asked yourself these questions. If you are truly serious about succeeding in your career, then it might behoove you to take a step back and give this some thought. 
 Over the years, I’ve observed a number of behavioral patterns that stand in the way of women accomplishing their goals in the workplace. Here are just a few for you to ponder: 
 Staying in a position at work way beyond its expiration date 
Are you good at recognizing when it’s time to move on? Have you ever stayed at a job way too long— hoping things will get better? If you’re known for your persistence and determination, this is one situation where your admirable qualities can get you into trouble. You see, there’s a time to fold your cards and just move on. If you don’t, resentment sets in and your attitude inhibits your job abilities. Tap into your instincts to make the best decision because staying in a job beyond its expiration date is a bad career move. 
 Bringing your personal problems to work with you 
In the many hours you spend at work, I’m sure there’s at least one day in your memory where you let your personal problems get in the way of your effectiveness at work. Let’s face it, at some point it happens to everyone. However, if you make a habit of bringing your own emotional baggage into the workplace on a regular basis, you run the risk of sabotaging your career. Earning a reputation as emotional or high strung is a death sentence for your career. Make it a habit to practice strong boundaries in the workplace— work hard to keep the emotions out of the equation. 
 Refusing to acknowledge the workplace politics 
When I was working in career development in the school system, I spent time teaching high school seniors how to interview. Often, a few of them would express to me how they thought it was beneath them to “try to say the right things just to get the job”. They felt that this was disingenuous and beneath them. I would explain to them that regardless of how they felt, this was how the real world worked. Some women never grow out of this type of thinking. You might believe that just doing your job well is enough to receive promotions. However, if you really want to move up, you need to acutely observe and understand the political culture at work. I am not suggesting that you need to sell your soul, but you certainly need to be able to play in the game. 
 Digging in your heels and refusing to change 
In today’s world, organizations are rapidly changing. You might be expected at work to learn a new system and within a year, that process is obsolete. Because of this, companies are in dire need of employees that are flexible and comfortable with change. Be honest— do you struggle with accepting change? If so, this can hinder your ability to be successful in your career, whether you are an entrepreneur or an employee. So wake up and accept the facts— change is synonymous with success. 
 See a glimmer of yourself in any of these? Then maybe it’s time to make the needed changes so you can achieve your dreams 
 anxiety ,  career ,  dreams ,  friendship ,  girlfriends ,  growth ,  happiness ,  healthy ,  love ,  motivation ,  parenting ,  relationships ,  self-help ,  self-improvement ,  spirituality ,  stress ,  success ,  women ,  worries 
 Shari Goldsmith 
 
 
 
 Recommended Posts 
 
 
 Finding Your Inner Calm 
 
 
 Building Resilience 
 
 
 Treading Water 
 
 
 Positive Stress 
 
 
 
 Leave a Comment 
 Cancel reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 
 
 Sign up for our mailing list 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 CAPTCHA 
 
 
 Website Designed by  Killerspots.com INC  | Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018 Workplace Resilience 
 Start typing and press Enter to search 
 __ 
 Remembering MomBlog Making Your Dreams a RealityBlog 
