  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Sales Development Representative (SDR) 
 at cord 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤20000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤20000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 What is cord? 
 cord is a tech start-up that enables the most simple transaction on earth - a conversation - to happen between someone and their future colleagues. Every message is direct and instant. All the information is relevant and transparent. It feels natural, as if it was always meant to be that way. 
 But underneath the hood, facilitating these conversations isn't so simple. We are rebuilding the infrastructure that underpins it all, able to handle recruiting complexity and distributing talented people at scale. cord is used by some of the fastest growing technology companies / start-ups in the world, from Monzo to Starling Bank, to Skyscanner. To date, we have changed the lives of tens of thousands of people. But we're only getting started. 
 We're a diverse team of talented, like-minded, value driven people, focusing on creating positive change at scale. We look for people who naturally lead from the front and work best in a results driven environment. We believe this gives people freedom, autonomy, and a clear focus. We don't rush our hiring, and we don't make someone an offer lightly. But when we do, we back them. We invest in the craft of our work, prioritise individual learning, and execute collaboratively. In the spirit of Ray Dalio, we fear boredom and mediocrity much more than we fear failure. 
 What type of person are we looking for? 
 We are looking for a recent graduate with excellent written and verbal communication skills to join us as a Sales Development Rep (SDR) . You will become a part of our growth/sales team. Your focus will be to work with a small team of researchers to populate key contact information, and managing cord's email outreach to prospective companies and decision makers . This is the perfect opportunity to learn how to build a repeatable SaaS sales cycle from the ground up. You will also learn how to communicate with high level decision makers in a thoughtful and intelligent way. 
 We are after someone with an unwavering passion for sales, business development and communication. We've hired intellectual types, product types, and now it's time to find someone who's love for sales and communication is well balanced with a very structured, detail-driven and analytical approach. Importantly, we are looking for someone with both the passion for sales/results - coupled with deep integrity and strong values that align with our own. We look for people who put the team first and themselves second. We look for people who let their actions, not their words, do the talking. Above all, we look for people who are vigorously determined to do well - and do good. 
 From day 1, you will be speaking to decision makers about cord. As a Sales Development Representative, you will learn how a cutting edge software product actually works, inside and out. You will build meaningful relationships with the CTO/CEOs and Heads of Talent in London's start-ups and scale-ups. And you will take a product that is already making a big impact - and share it more widely than ever. 
 There are a few minimum requirements we expect you to have 
 
 Recent graduate from a top university (or a unique story to tell) 
 Excellent written and verbal communication 
 A structured, detail and process driven approach to problem solving. 
 Strong interest in sales and results driven communication 
 You are both value driven and results focused 
 Your character is naturally infectious and you exude positive energy 
 Being a self starter with a track record of ownership matters more to you than job titles 
 As an individual you are highly self-reflective; you can 'fail well' without ego, learn, and improve 
 
 What you can expect to be doing in the first few months 
 
 Managing a team of researchers to help you enrich contact data 
 Run outbound an email sales process that reaches key decision makers in an intelligent and well thought through manner 
 Run outbound experiments and developer our software stack to sharpen the sales process (Beauhurst, Loom, LinkedIn, Zapier, HubSpot, Prospect.IO etc) 
 Learn the nuts and bolts of communicating with high level decision makers 
 
 Benefits 
 
 £22k Base salary with an OTE of £30k 
 Unlimited Holidays: We run on results, not facetime 
 A culture that actively encourages continuous learning and progression 
 A fun and rewarding environment: stimulating fast paced, meaningful and exciting 
 
 Note: we are 'default remote' until the end of Q1 2021. Our HQ is in London Bridge, so we can use it to meet up for essential meetings - 1-1 training etc. 
 Published at 8 Jan 2021 - Expires on 28 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
