Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Machine Operator 
 IKO Industries Ltd. 
 __High River, AB 
 Apply Now 
 IKO Industries Ltd. is a market leader in the manufacturing of roofing and building materials. IKO is a Canadian owned and operated business with production facilities worldwide and has many years of unparalleled success in the roofing materials industry. Quality, integrity, and trustworthiness are the values that underlie this success, and we have built this company by hiring people who hold these values. People like you! 
 Job Description 
 Duties and responsibilities 
 Ensure raw materials are fed properly, operating machinery, resolving line stoppages, clearing equipment jams, ensuring the quality of the finished product, and see the product is properly prepared for shipment. 
Complete health and safety pre-start checklists. 
Ensure product being produced meets established quality specifications. 
Document quality checks at regular intervals. 
Safety orientated with the ability to operate manufacturing equipment following all safe work procedures as outlined on Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s). 
Document production numbers, items contributing to down time. 
Operate a forklift in a safe and orderly matter. 
Maintaining 5S program in their work area – general housekeeping and cleaning as needed. 
Participate in continuous improvement initiatives. 
Comfortable working in a manufacturing team environment. 
 Qualifications 
 Previous Manufacturing industry experience is an asset 
Forklift Operator License is a requirement 
Mechanical aptitude with willingness to learn and be trained on new mechanical processes 
Proven Ability to take initiative and direction 
Excellent Verbal and Written Communication Skills 
Basic understanding and use of computer systems 
Ability to work in a fast paced, hot environment 
Must be able to lift up to 50lbs 
Reliable, good work ethic, and positive attitude 
Seeking long term employment opportunity 
 Hours of Work 
 Rotating two (2) week pattern: 
Week 1 & 2 – Monday to Thursday, 7:00AM -5:00PM 
Weeks 3 &4 – Tuesday to Friday, 7:00AM-5:00PM 
Shift pattern repeats 
40 Hour Work Week, excellent shift schedule with regular long weekends 
 Salary 
 Starting wage for the position is $22/Hour with potential for further increases. 
 Benefits/RRSP Plan 
 Full Benefits package and company matching RRSP plan available after the employee successfully completes the probationary period. 
 IG Machine & Fibers, is located in High River, Alberta, a short 30 minute commute outside of Calgary city limits and is an automated manufacturer of state of the art commercial PolyIso Insulation Board. If you are a safety oriented individual with high energy, organization, and self-motivation looking to join a winning team, we have the career opportunity for you! 
 To apply for this position, please email Brett Wakoluk, Human Resources Coordinator at Brett.Wakoluk@iko.com with the subject line “Machine Operator Application – IG Machine & Fibers”. 
 We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position, however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Your application to this posting is deemed to be your consent to the collection, use, and necessary disclosure of personal information for the purposes of recruitment. IG Machine & Fibers respects the privacy of all applicants and the confidentiality of personal information. 
 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment:  IKO Industries Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without consideration to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. IKO Industries Ltd. encourages and welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Benefits of Employment:  IKO recognizes that its success is due to the strength of its employees. A primary goal of IKO is to promote individual employee's sense of accomplishment and contribution so that employees enjoy their association with IKO. The Company invests in its employees so that they are the most knowledgeable in the industry, and undertakes great efforts to nurture loyalty to, and teamwork at, IKO. We are pleased to offer competitive compensation, health care, a progressive and challenging workplace and a commitment to teamwork and integrity. 
 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment:  IKO Industries Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without consideration to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. IKO Industries Ltd. encourages and welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
