Skip to primary content 
 Saysame (Says-a-me) 
 Expressing thoughts, ideas, feelings and emotions, from a different point-of-view. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About this Blog 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Post 635 Blog update: Book, job and Doctor 
 Posted on  2010/05/14  by   Shenreed 
 Things have been quiet for the past couple of weeks. I’ve been busy working on editing my second book and I must say, there are parts of it that are, for lack of a better word, “scattered.” There are half a dozen topics where I had cut and pasted parts from other topics, and somehow I forgot to edit them. In reading them, it was difficult for me to understand what I was trying to say, so I pity anyone trying to make sense out of it. Sorry! Anyway, I’ve now edited those topics and I’ve also added new material, especially background material to my healing experiences that will, I hope, add clarity and understanding. I haven’t updated the downloads, and I think I’ll just leave it as is, until I actually publish this book. 
 I had a telephone call from a woman in Toronto that I did some renovations for a few years ago. She wanted me to re-vamp her kitchen cupboards, and to also do some painting and bathroom work in her sisters apartment. I thought about it and called her back, saying no, as I don’t have the tools, nor do I really feel like doing it. 
 I also had my annual physical and I basically got a clean bill of health, except that my doctor was looking at my chart and saying that I had a history of hyperthyroidism and said that she wanted to put me on thyroid medication. I asked her what my blood test indicated, and stated that I was feeling okay and that I’ve even gotten back into my exercise and walk routine. She said it was a little on the low side, but still OK, but that she just wanted to be sure. I told her that I didn’t want to start popping pills for no reason and that I’d wait. I don’t think she was too pleased with that comment and my challenging her professional opinion, but she didn’t argue the point. 
 The other thing she mentioned was that I had gained weight and that I was seven pounds heavier than I was last year and that I went up from 150 to 157 lbs and in an abrupt tone, she stated that I needed to lose the weight. I told her that I’ve weighed 150 lbs +/- 5 lbs, for the past thirty years, and that recently, when I started exercising and walking, I also began eating more nuts and seeds like, walnuts, brazil nuts, almonds, pistachios, sunflower seeds, flax seed and soy beans, etc, and while I’ve put on weight, it’s muscle. I also told her that I’ll manage my weight and bring it down a couple of pounds by reducing my nut intake. She didn’t say anything, but just kept writing. I have a feeling that she thinks she knows what is best for everyone and that if you come to see her, that means she has to “fix” you. I’m scheduled to see her again in four months and I’ll have to have a little…… “chat”….. with her… 
 Jr. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  General  and tagged  annual physical ,  book ,  doctor ,  editing ,  fix ,  hyperthyroidism ,  job ,  medication ,  nuts ,  seeds ,  weight  by  Shenreed . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
