WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allBusiness & Operationsjobs 
 Associate Business Developer 
 Humble Bundle Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 21, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Humble Bundle launched in 2010 with a mission to support charity by selling awesome games at great prices. Since then Humble has grown into an online store selling bundles of games, ebooks, and software; a subscription service; and game publisher. And the Humble Bundle community sets an example for gamers by raising $190M for charity. 
 We're looking for an entrepreneurial self starter to join our business development team. You are someone who is willing and excited to work independently to generate ideas for products and promotions, and see those ideas through to completion with enthusiasm, drive and tenacity. 
 You will initiate and close deals with top game developers and publishers, help sell millions of copies of epic indie and AAA titles to our growing community of 10 million customers and fans, and continue Humble Bundle's mission to raise money for thousands of worthwhile causes. 
 **  This is a remote position with a strong preference for candidates who can operate in Pacific Time zone. ** ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Lead curation for regular promotions, from initial idea to launch on the site 
 Build strong, friendly, and long-term focused relationships with our developer and publisher partners, by scheduling regular calls and in-person meetings, attending conventions, and more 
 Develop and maintain a deep and up-to-date understanding of the PC gaming space and the most successful games 
 Find new insights and tactics to build the most appealing promotions and products for publishers, developers and customers; and work with teams across the company to implement these ideas 
 Collaborate with teammates to enable Humble to continue being a force for good in the video game industry  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Experience / Requirements: 
 
 2+ years of business development experience in the video game industry 
 Ability to comfortably work on multiple projects at once 
 Ability to think critically and find solutions to overcome obstacles 
 Strong verbal, written and presentation skills 
 Strong relationship building skills with the ability to initiate and engage in conversations with new prospects 
 Deep love for games of all kinds 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Benefits: 
 
 Competitive salaries 
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
 401(k) plan with Employer Matching 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 
 Awesome computer setup 
 Free lunches and dinners 
 Fully stocked kitchen with breakfast options, snacks, and a kegerator 
 Complimentary Hearthstone and StarCraft 2 coaching 
 Much more... 
 
 ‍ 
 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 *We are an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 ‍ 
 About Humble Bundle 
 Humble Bundle sells games, ebooks, software, and other digital content. Our mission is to support charity while providing awesome content to customers at great prices. We launched in 2010 with a single two-week Humble Indie Bundle, but we have humbly grown into a store full of games and bundles, a subscription service, a game publisher, and more. We have raised $180 million for charity and counting. And we now have over 400,000 subscribers to our Humble Choice. 
 #HumbleBundle 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Exploding Kittens is hiring a VP, Digital Gamingto join their team into work fromLos AngelesVP, Digital GamingExploding Kittens | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Humble Bundle is hiring a Associate Business Developerto join their team into work fromAnywhereAssociate Business DeveloperHumble Bundle | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunderful is hiring a Publishing & Sales Managerto join their team into work fromGothenburg, SEPublishing & Sales ManagerThunderful | Gothenburg, SELearn More 
 Cloudhead Games is hiring a General Managerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGeneral ManagerCloudhead Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Game Data Scientistto join their team into work fromLondon, UKGame Data ScientistTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Trail is hiring a Developer Evangelistto join their team into work fromStockholm, SEDeveloper EvangelistTrail | Stockholm, SELearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
