  Return to Workato 
 __ 
 __Menu  __Edit this page 
  GitHub  (opens new window) 
 
 
 Introduction 
 
 
 Getting started 
 
 
 Product Updates (opens new window) 
 
 
 Concepts 
 
 
 Connecting apps 
 
 
 Building recipes 
 
 
 Running recipes 
 
 
 Troubleshooting 
 
 
 Data types and formulas 
 
 
 Tools 
 
 
 Files and attachments 
 
 
 Batch processing 
 
 
 Teams and collaboration  
 
 
 People Task by Workato  
 
 
 Recipe lifecycle management  
 
 
 On-prem connectivity  
 
 
 Key features  
 
 
 Workbot for Slack  
 
 
 Workbot for MS Teams  
 
 
 Workbot for Workplace  
 
 
 API Platform  
 
 
 Connectors 
 
 
 Universal connectors  
 
 
 Community connectors  
 
 
 Connector SDK  
 
 
 Custom OAuth profiles  
 
 
 Workato API  
 
 
 Security  
 
 
 Training & Certification 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 # Job debug tracing 
 Integration projects by its very nature are moderate to very complex involving multiple business systems. Connecting to and updating of records in cloud applications like Salesforce, Workday, Netsuite, Marketo is easy to do with an integration platform like Workato. With varied use cases like employee onboarding (HR) or quote to cash (sales ops), many business systems and cloud applications like Workday, Netsuite, ServiceNow, Salesforce and others will typically be part of the automation. This poses a challenge to developers and analysts who are building recipes but run in to errors like HTTP  404 Not Found . Having no further information makes it difficult to debug and troubleshoot. 
 # Overview 
 The job debug tracing makes it easy to see detailed HTTP requests and responses for each action line. With details like HTTP URL, request and response headers, request payload and the response, there's a lot of detailed information for the developer and analyst to uncover the root cause of the problem. 
 For each action line in the recipe, job debug tracing provides 
 
 HTTP URL to which the request was made 
 HTTP request headers 
 HTTP response headers 
 HTTP request payload 
 HTTP response 
 
 Job debug tracing is available for certain users. Reach out to Workato sales representatives at +1 (844) 469-6752 to find out more. 
 # Enabling and disabling job debug tracing 
 To enable job debug tracing, go to  Account Settings  >  Recipe Preferences . Check  Enable network trace  and click  Save .   Enable job debug tracing 
 To disable job debug tracing, go to  Account Settings  >  Recipe Preferences . Uncheck  Enable network trace  and click  Save .   Disable job debug tracing 
 # Debug tracing privilege 
 By default, the debug tracing privilege is available to users with  Admin  role or users who are owner of the Workato account. 
 You may also assign  Debug Trace  privilege by creating a custom role. Once custom role is created, you can assign the custom role to any developer or analyst in the team. Make sure to  Save  the assignment of the privilege to the custom role. 
 # Sensitive data 
 We know data security is very important to our customers. We also understand you need controls so that sensitive data is only visible to authorized users. That's why we have created two layers of control to give you maximum flexibility. 
 
 First, you can completely turn off debug tracing at the account level so no user can view debug trace. See the section Enabling and disabling job debug tracing for more details. 
 Second, you can control which user has the privilege to see the debug trace data. See the section Debug tracing privilege for more details. 
 
 # Viewing job debug tracing 
 Debug or network tracing is available when: 
 
 
 A test job is run while in the recipe edit mode. You can view the network tracing during development when the recipe is tested in the  TEST JOBS  tab. 
 
 
 A job is repeated. Jobs that are completed, whether successfully or failed, can be repeated to view the network tracing. 
 
 
 # Test recipe 
 Network tracing gives you the tools to make recipes more robust by detecting and avoiding errors early on. During development you can test the recipe by going to the  TEST JOBS  tab and clicking the  Test  button. Testing a recipe validates the functionality and implementation of the recipe. The test job provides the network tracing in the  Debug  tab. 
 Developers can view not only the input and output but also the network trace of the HTTP calls made for the action. You can review and validate the information in HTTP headers, request and response flowing between the recipe action and the end application. 
 # Example action HTTP requests 
 Test job - network tracing for an action to create a new Jira issue 
 Test job - network tracing for an action to update a candidate in Greenhouse 
 You can view the HTTP network tracing including headers, request and the response from the API calls made to the application when the action is executed. The screenshots show the headers, request and response sent and received in the HTTP request. 
 # Successful action with HTTP request details 
 Test job - HTTP headers sent to the application API 
 Test job - HTTP request payload sent to the application API 
 Test job - HTTP response received from the application API 
 # Action failed with HTTP error 
 Test job - Failed HTTP request with HTTP 400 error code 
 Test job - HTTP headers sent to the application API 
 Test job - HTTP request payload sent to the application API 
 Test job - HTTP error response received from the application API 
 # Jobs in error 
 Follow the steps below to generate and view the debug trace for a recipe whose job is in error. 
 In this example, the  Update incident in ServiceNow  has jobs in error. 
 Jobs in error 
 
 To view the debug trace, you must repeat the job. 
 
 # Repeat job 
 To generate debug trace, you need to repeat the job. 
 
 In the job details page for a job, click Repeat job . 
 
 Repeat a job 
 # Job debug tracing example 
 If you have seen HTTP  404 Not Found  or  400 Bad Request  or  403 Forbidden  and wanted more details about the error, now you can with the job debug tracing. Here's an example scenario, where update to incident table in  ServiceNow  fails with the  404 Not Found  error. And how job debug tracing enables you to quickly and efficiently understand the root cause of the error by providing you more details. 
 # Viewing debug trace 
 Once the job is repeated, the latest repeat of the job shows the debug trace in the  Debug  tab of the action line. 
 404 Not Found 
 403 Forbidden 
 Click on the HTTP request line to expand and get more information on the request. 
 # HTTP Headers, Request and Response 
 To view headers sent as part of the request, click on the  Headers  tab. 
 HTTP request and response headers 
 HTTP request and response headers 
 The  Payload  tab shows the request payload sent with the request. 
 Request payload 
 To see the response returned by the HTTP request, click on  Response  tab. 
 HTTP response received from the API 
 HTTP response received from the API 
 HTTP response received from the API 
 # FAQ 
 How long is the tracing data available for? 
 Tracing data is available for 1 day from the time it was generated by repeating a job. If you want to access the data after 1 day, you can repeat the job to generate the debug tracing. 
 List of connectors not supported 
 
 Active Directory 
 ADP 
 Ariba 
 AWS Cognito 
 AWS SNS 
 Email 
 Etapestry 
 Expensify 
 FTP 
 Google Drive 
 JDBC 
 JMS 
 Kafka 
 MSSQL 
 MYSQL 
 Netsuite 
 On-prem Files 
 Oracle 
 Oracle Fusion 
 Redshift 
 Salesforce Marketing Cloud 
 SFTP 
 SMS 
 Snowflake 
 SOAP 
 
 ←   Stop recipe action     Error notification emails   → 
 Didn’t find what you are looking for? 
 Search our resource library View getting started guides, tutorials, training videos, webinars and FAQ   Ask our community View questions and answers from other users and Workato experts.   File a support ticket File a support ticket for critical issues that require a higher level of support. 
 Privacy   Terms   (844) 469-6752  Workato 2021 
       
