Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Armani Exchange 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Position Overview: 
Sales Associates represent Armani Exchange in all facets of style and hospitality as our premier sales team within each store. As a Sales Associates, you will be responsible for delivering the A|X shopping experience to each client and upholding the highest level of service. 
 Core Responsibilities: 
Sell productively while meeting or exceeding the minimum sales per hour goal set as per company policy. 
Greet and acknowledge clients with a friendly and engaging attitude. 
Assess clients’ needs by listening to their cues and recommending products that fit their personal style. 
Educate clients on product knowledge (fit, styling, trends and fabrication). 
Work collectively as a team to create a shopping experience that exceeds the client’s expectation as outlined in the ARMANI Selling program. 
Uphold A|X Values of Respect, Teamwork, Professionalism, and Praise. 
Maintain a clean and organized sales floor that meets both visual and operational standards. 
Adhere to Loss Prevention guidelines and deter shoplifting by providing excellent customer 
Assist with stock related and housekeeping tasks. 
 Qualifications: 
Excellent verbal communication skills. 
Demonstrate a passion for customer service. 
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. 
Ability to work a flexible schedule including holidays, nights, and weekends with a minimum of 
25 hours of availability per week. 
One year experience in a fashion retail or customer service related environment. (Wardrobe 
and clientele experience is a plus) 
 Minimum education level:  High School Diploma or GED 
 Physical Requirements: 
Strength – Ability to comfortably lift a minimum of 35 pounds without assistance to a height of 
4 feet and a distance of 10 feet. Frequent stooping required to pick up boxes at floor level. 
Movement – Majority of work is performed on foot. Ability to frequently stand, walk, reach up, 
and climb short ladders. Hand Dexterity required for at least one hand to operate registers and 
complete paperwork. 
Auditory & Vision – Ability to constantly hear and see safety signals, read labels, registers, 
computers, etc. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
