Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Non-Tenure 
 Post navigation 
 Newer posts -> 
 Job: Research Lecturer in Israel Studies, Oriental Institute, Oxford 
 Posted on  December 6, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 
 Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
Grade 9: £42,733 – £49,539 p.a. 
 The University proposes to appoint a University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies from 1 September 2012 or as soon as possible thereafter for five years. The successful candidate will also be appointed to a Fellowship in Israel Studies in the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, a Recognised Independent Centre of the University. 
 The University Research Lecturer will be required to carry out research in the field of Israel Studies; to lead, promote and disseminate research; to teach; and to fulfil general duties for the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies. 
 The successful applicant will be a recognised authority in his or her field; hold a doctorate (or equivalent) in some aspect of the study of Israel Studies; have a record of scholarly publications; a commitment to teaching; an ability to provide academic leadership; and be able to demonstrate a dedication to disseminating knowledge about Israel to a wider public. Applicants without all of the required skills and experience may be considered for appointment at grade 8 (£36,862 - £44,016 p.a.). 
 Applications for this vacancy are to be made online no later than noon on 4 January 2012. Applicants will be asked to upload a curriculum vitae and supporting statement. 
 For further information and to apply online, go to:  https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Lecturer in Modern Hebrew, (UMass Amherst) 
 Posted on  September 24, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Judaic and Near Eastern Studies at the University of Massachusetts Amherst invites applications for the position of a Lecturer in Modern Hebrew, to begin Fall 2012, for a one-year renewable appointment. 
 The ideal candidate will be trained in the teaching of Modern Hebrew at the college level, or be certified by some teacher-training institution with some teaching experience, but candidates with a degree in Modern Hebrew literature will also be considered. Teaching responsibilities will include 3 sections per semester of Hebrew at the first and second year level, one of them intensive. Salary will be competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 
 Applicants must submit a letter of application describing their background and teaching qualifications, a current C.V., and three letters of reference by October 31, 2011  to: Chair of Modern Hebrew Search Committee, Department of Judaic & Near Eastern Studies, University of Massachusetts, 161 Presidents Drive, Amherst, MA 01003. Electronic submissions (preferably in pdf format) may be sent to ***** (see link for e-mail address) to the attention of Mary Lysakowski, Search Committee Records Keeper. 
 The University of Massachusetts Amherst is a member of the Five College Consortium, with Amherst, Smith, Hampshire, and Mount Holyoke Colleges and a member of the Academic Career Network, a resource for dual career couples. The University of Massachusetts Amherst is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. The department is committed to developing a more diverse faculty, student body, and curriculum. Women and members of minority groups are encouraged to apply. 
 http://chronicle.com/jobs/0000693981-01 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew Language instruction (Wellesley College) 
 Posted on  September 24, 2011  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Wellesley College seeks applications for a non-tenure track appointment in Modern Hebrew language instruction, for up to two years with the possibility of renewal, beginning in Fall 2012. Responsibilities of the position include teaching two courses in Elementary and two courses in Intermediate Hebrew and a commitment to the development of a thriving Hebrew language program as part of an interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies. Salary is competitive and commensurate with credentials; the successful application will be a benefits eligible member of the Wellesley College faculty with access to a conference travel budget and competitive faculty awards to support research. 
 The successful candidate will possess native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and language teaching experience, and should hold an M.A. or Ph.D. (Ph.D. or progress toward that degree are preferred 
 Please send by November 1, 2011 a letter of application, c.v., graduate transcripts, three letters of recommendation, and a teaching portfolio through our online application system  at:  https://career.wellesley.edu  . (The online application will request names/email addresses so that recommenders or dossier services may submit the letters directly.). If circumstances make it impossible to submit any materials through our application site, please email us at ********* (see link for more details) 
 https://career.wellesley.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/position/JobDetails_css.jsp?postingId=138689 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 Newer posts -> 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
