Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant/Associate Tenure Track 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Rank:  Assistant or Associate Professor, Tenure-Track 
 AOS:  Philosophy of Law. The department will also consider social or political philosophers whose research forefronts law and legal institutions. 
 AOC:  Open 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 The Department of Philosophy at McMaster University seeks to hire a philosopher of law at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor, tenure track. The department will also consider social or political philosophers whose research forefronts law and legal institutions. We understand philosophy of law broadly to include not only general jurisprudence but also philosophical work focused on particular areas of law, including, but not limited to: constitutional law, criminal law, contract law, discrimination law, human rights law, international law, labor law, property law, and tort law. We are especially interested in scholars with expertise in feminist jurisprudence, Indigenous law, or the law as it relates to race. The normal teaching load in the Philosophy Department is 2 courses per term (4 per academic year), plus graduate supervision. 
 The successful applicant must demonstrate a record of excellence in teaching and research and a willingness and ability to: (1) contribute actively to the Department’s undergraduate program in Justice, Political Philosophy and Law; (2) supervise MA and PhD graduate students; (3) help build and sustain McMaster’s existing institutional connections through the Ontario Legal Philosophy Partnership, as well as its already strong working relationships with nearby law schools, and; (4) support the collegial atmosphere and intellectual life of the department. The successful applicant must have or be very near completion of a doctorate in philosophy or subject matter directly related to the position (e.g., law with a specialization in philosophy or political science with a specialization in political theory) by the time of the appointment. 
 For information about the Department of Philosophy, see https://philos.humanities.mcmaster.ca. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of McMaster’s innovation and creativity and strengthens our research, teaching and service excellence. Our department believes that diversity is essential to achieving academic and scholarly excellence and engaging our diverse student body and intellectual community. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusive excellence, and we welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), and LGBTQ+ persons. 
 How to Apply: 
Submit a letter of application together with a curriculum vitae, writing sample, research statement, statement of teaching interests and philosophy (including evidence of teaching effectiveness). 
Submit a brief statement describing any contributions made or planned in relation to advancing equity, diversity and inclusive excellence in teaching, research or service within higher education, community-based or other profession settings (2-page maximum) 
Applicants should submit contact information for three potential referees from whom confidential letters of assessment can be obtained. 
Application materials must be submitted through the University’s electronic portal: workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/ (Job Opening # 34484). 
Complete applications received by November 29, 2020 are assured of full consideration. However, the position will remain open until it is filled. 
 Direct queries about the position to philjob@mcmaster.ca. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean of Humanities at [905-525-9140 ext. 26546] to communicate accommodation needs. 
 All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority for the position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University gathers information about applicants’ status as either a permanent resident of Canada or Canadian citizen. Applicants need not identify country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey. 
 The survey takes approximately two minutes to complete. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. 
 Inquiries about the Diversity Survey may be directed to hr.empequity@mcmaster.ca. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
