  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Televentas Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 3 years ago 
 We are looking for highly motivated sales people to be part of a fa... 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 17 
 We are looking for sales people with 2 years of sales experience as a minimum. Proficiency in English is a must. To apply, you must be motivated and eager to succeed in a fast paced and demanding international sales environment. 
 Macarena Farms is a producer and trader of fresh cut flowers. We ship our flowers around the world. We are looking for highly motivated sales people to be a part of our sales team. 
We have two positions open right now for inside sales representatives who would be working closely with our sales team in Colombia and the US. The role involves calling on US based prospects and clients, to present our Company and ultimately generate sales. All this with the help and support of our team. 
 We are not looking for plain telemarketers, we look for talented people who want to succeed and would enjoy becoming a part of our team. We look for someone who can work with us on a long term basis on a sales and marketing capacity. 
 This is a home based position. All training, leads, information and calling equipment will be provided. 
 Requirements: 
 - to be able to work full time. At least from 7 A.M. To 1 P.M. 
 - Being able to work from home and from a quiet surrounding 
- owning a computer 
- having a high speed internet connection 
 Please let me know if you think this opportunity could be for you and if you are interested to learn more about it. If this is the case, please send me your cell phone number, so that we can get in touch with you. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  J. S. Colombia 
 Open 
 3 years ago 
 Appointment setting lead generator 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 2 
 Lead Generation Posted 1 day ago 
I need someone to set up appointments for me during the Pumps & Valve exhibition at Bilbao. Spanish & English fluency essential. We are not exhibitors and do not have a booth  there.The  same person can accompany me to Bilbao at the exhibition to act as a lead generator,ice breaker and whenever necessary translator. 
 We are a 20 year old software company focusing on flow control industry with world leading manufacturers like ge,,ksb, flowserve  etc.as  our customers 
 Hourly rate plus incentive for every appointment fixed. 
Hourly rate plus expenses and bonus for every demonstration fixed at the exhibition 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. N. India 
 USD 250 - 500 
 3 years ago 
 Inside Sales for Travel Payments Company 
 Published: 3 years ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 11 
 We're a US-based travel payments company in need of 1-2 inside sales people for our Latin America market. Should be fluent in English and Spanish, both spoken and written. Previous experience in inside sales and/or travel is a huge plus. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. V. United States 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 years ago 
 Telemarketing Freelancer Position 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 15 
 We are seeking homebased Tele-research Freelancers fluent in Spanish to update our database, candidates must also have a good standard of English. 
 The position will involve calling businesses in Spain / South America and updating our database with addresses, contacts and email addresses. 
 The ideal candidate must have a good telephone manner, be self-driven, resilient, have the ability to meet set targets and be eager to succeed at all times. Sales experience would be an advantage. 
 Experience/Skills & Personal Qualities: 
 -Excellent telephone manner and / or experience of dealing with customers face to face. 
 -Basic PC literacy. 
 -Results driven and commercially aware. 
 -Excellent verbal communication skills 
 -Conscientious and reliable individual who is self motivated. 
 -Open and trustworthy. 
 -Enthusiastic with positive attitude to work and a logical approach to problem solving. 
 -Keen for self-development and personal 
 -Flexible and embraces change. 
 Candidates must have strong English written and oral skills in order to communicate effectively with supervisor while being managed remotely. 
 The requirements to Work from Home are: 
 They will require their own equipment – Computer/Laptop and Sufficient internet connection. 
 -A dedicated room with a closable door in order to minimise disruption. 
 -A broadband connection speed that is 2Mb or above. 
 -A desk and appropriate chair. 
 Freelancers will be paid on results. (Company updates, contact updates and new emails) 
 Applicants must be able to commit to a minimum output per week (equivalent to 20hours). 
 For further information or to make a direct application please send you CV. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  A. M. D. United Kingdom 
 Open 
 4 years ago 
 Ventas Entrantes por Sitio Empresarial 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 1 
 Selling will be in Spanish But The Owner of the Business Speaks English and Spanish so Some English Would Be Helpful But Is Not Required 
 Need an inbound sales person to handle calls from PyME business owners.  These owners will be calling to find how much their business is worth.  You need to sell them a business valuation. 
 I need a person who can convert a business owner calling who MIGHT want to buy into a sale.  The product is not too expensive and most business owners are very interested in it so it is not hard to sell. 
 I want someone with a demonstrated ability in the area of telephone sales of services or products to PyME business owners. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. J. K. United States 
 USD 250 - 500 
 4 years ago 
 Appointment Setting 
 Published: 4 years ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 18 
 Job Opening 
 Virtual appointment setting position available for base pay plus commissions 
 Looking for: 
*Empathetic 
*Optimistic 
*Responsible & Focused individuals to maintain our rising trends in sales and revenue 
*Reliable internet of 5 mg at least 
 Start the new year off on the right foot and join our team from the comfort of your own home with: 
No transport costs 
No fighting traffic 
No more tight squeezing on the metro 
 If you are interested in working at home for an American based sales center 
Monday thru Friday 
Base between $600 and $1,600 plus commissions. 
We are waiting to hear from you. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  J. C. Last reply: 4 years ago  Colombia 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 4 years ago 
 Urgent Usa Recruitment Of Patients Healthcare Sector 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 1 
 Dear freelancer, 
 *** only freelancers in usa please*** 
 we require one or two agents to recruit 25 patients urgently in usa . 
 We will provide provide further details during interview 
 Budget : usd4500 to usd4800 
 It is a simple task once you get the right contacts at a healthcare center , 
hospital or directly with a doctor/nurse with the specialty we are going to indicate you 
 It is important you consider we have fieldwork projects all year long and we want to develop a long term successful collaborative relationship. 
 Thanks, 
 Maggie Garcidueñas 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Televentas 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. G. Mexico 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
