Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Bilingual Communications Specialist 
 Ontario Teachers Insurance Plan 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 OTIP (Ontario Teachers Insurance Plan) is a member-focused, service-driven organization that puts people, both our members and our employees, first. We are committed to providing a positive work environment and to developing careers. We’re looking for someone to join our team as a: 
 Senior Bilingual Communications Specialist 
 
 
 Do you have a way of communicating complicated things in a simple way? 
 
 
 Do you have a knack for knowing how to partner with people? 
 
 
 Does it excite you to find newer, more effective ways of doing things? 
 
 
 If the above sounds like you, then consider OTIP for your next career move! 
 As a member of our Corporate Communications team, your responsibilities will include: 
 
 
 Strategizes, develops and executes on communication plans to support the OTIP Group of Companies’ strategic direction as well as other corporate initiatives. 
 
 
 Leading communication efforts with our French affiliate, AEFO, and the AEFO Employee Life and Health Trust (ELHT). This includes working directly with the affiliate and ELHT leaders as the communications liaison, strategizing and leading the development of member communication materials, newsletter articles and social media posts. 
 
 
 Reviews group and individual benefits communications and materials designed for mass distribution by proofreading and editing documentation in French, ensuring accuracy and compliance with brand and corporate standards. 
 
 
 Works with the Internal Change Communications Manager to develop internal French communications with a focus on TW Insurance Services. 
 
 
 Plans, develops and executes business communications, including fact sheets, communiques, newsletters, forms, etc. 
 
 
 Works to manage and maintain content on the corporate websites and Intranet, and supporting our official social media networks by creating content in French. 
 
 
 Works with external communication vendors and partners on a project-by-project basis to promote programs and manage the TWIS and OTIP image and value proposition. 
 
 
 Coordinates purchase and distribution of printed corporate material, scheduling, controlling inventories, verifying expenditures and analyzing variances, as required. 
 
 
 Assists with programs and special events and acts as the communications support for company products. This includes consulting for documents, transcribing, formatting and editing, as well as coordinating the production of communication material such as brochures, articles, newsletters, reports, presentations etc. 
 
 
 Ensures consistency and integrity of the various OGC brands across multiple communication platforms, including monitoring corporate logo usage on group products and publications. 
 
 
 If this opportunity sounds interesting, and you meet the following requirements, you might be the person we’re looking for. We need someone who has: 
 
 
 A university degree in English, French, Communications or a related subject. 
 
 
 A minimum of five years’ experience in a communication-related role. 
 
 
 Fluent in both French and English language communications, both orally and in writing. 
 
 
 Superior verbal and written communication skills in English and French, including a strong attention to detail. 
 
 
 Superior proofreading skills in English and French. 
 
 
 Superior time-management, project-management and organizational skills to manage competing priorities. 
 
 
 A demonstrated ability to deal effectively with all levels of internal and external clientele. 
 
 
 Knowledge of Adobe Illustrator, Content Management Systems and advanced Microsoft Office Suite Applications. 
 
 
 Knowledge of the Insurance industry and/or the Ontario Educational System is considered an asset. 
 
 
 Condition of Employment 
 
 Final applicants will be required to successfully pass a background check. 
 
 OTIP is more than just a place to work. In addition to competitive salaries and industry-leading benefits, OTIP offers a work environment where your opinions are valued and expected! Our employees have the opportunity to provide feedback on departmental goals, to participate on committees, to work collaboratively, and to continuously improve their professional skills. We take pride in our employee programs, including health and wellness initiatives, charity involvement, social events and much more! To recruit the best, we offer the best. For more information on OTIP and its Group of Companies (TW, CURO), our company culture, and perks we offer, visit the ‘Life at OTIP’ page on our website. 
 If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply online. 
 OTIP and its Group of Companies strive to create an accessible and inclusive work environment where everyone is treated with respect and dignity. Upon individual request, OTIP and its Group of Companies will endeavour to remove any barrier to the recruitment and selection processes and provide accommodations for persons with disabilities. 
 OTIP and its Group of Companies is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applications from all qualified individuals. We thank all applicants for showing an interest; however, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $65,000.00-$80,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company events 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Flexible schedule 
 Life insurance 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 communications: 5 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Plastic shield at work stations 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
