__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Vince Randazzo 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 Clients are able to better articulate their value proposition, address work/life issues, improve their leadership skills, maximize their strengths and unlock latent potential. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 The stated achievements of my clients include improvements in executive presence, confidence and mindfulness, strategic planning, alignment of priorities with organizational goals and objectives, and creating value. 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 My clients say that their leadership competencies are more developed as a result of working with me as a coach, and they are better equipped to handle the challenges and opportunities that confront them in their job and career. They will also say that I am easy to work with, and I have a style and demeanor that facilitates dialogue and self-discovery. 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 As an executive leadership coach, I partner with my clients in a thought-provoking and creative process that inspires personal and professional growth. My coaching process is directed toward solving problems, improving performance, attaining goals, and achieving results. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 
 Executive leadership experience 
 Flexibility in style and approach 
 Ethical behavior 
 A passion for helping others succeed 
 Emotional intelligence 
 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 My coaching clients have included trade association and senior corporate executives, federal government officials, public affairs professionals, engineers, and entrepreneurs. Most have been individuals who are identified within their organizations as high-potential leaders, and coaching is offered as a leadership development and retention tool. 
 What is your professional background? 
 I am an International Coach Federation (ICF) designated Associate Certified Coach who works as a consultant offering leadership development, coaching and public affairs services to corporations and not-for-profit organizations and their executives. As an executive leadership coach, my coaching clients have included engineering, technology and financial services professionals, as well as leaders in government and the military. 
 Buttressing my coaching practice is a professional, managerial, and executive leadership career spanning more than three decades in government, business, and public policy. I served as a Senior Vice President at both Wachovia Corporation, and then at the PNC Financial Services Group, where I prepared senior executives in the companies on how to effectively engage community stakeholders, lead industry coalitions and advance public policy initiatives that were important to the strategic success of the organizations. 
 As an executive with the Business Roundtable, an association of CEOs of leading U.S. companies, I instructed corporate leaders on numerous engagement efforts that successfully achieved the organization's strategic objectives. 
 While working on Capitol Hill, I served as a staff leader for two key committees. As Chief of Staff to the House Rules Committee, I led a 25-person staff, and advised Congressional leaders and committee chairs on the development and execution of successful strategies that advanced the majority party's agenda. As Deputy Minority Staff Director for the House Financial Services Committee, I worked as a team leader of staff professionals responsible for press operations, speech-writing and strategic planning during consideration of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 I completed George Mason University's professional training program in Leadership Coaching for Organizational Performance, and I am a graduate of Eastern Michigan University with a Bachelor of Science degree in political science and George Mason University with a Master of Arts degree in economics. 
 Ready To Get Started With Vince? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
