Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Coordinator 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday - Friday; 8:30 - 4:30 
Education Level College Diploma 
Career Level 3-5 years experience 
 Job Description 
 Ranked as one of the world's top engineering schools, the Faculty of Engineering plays a significant role in helping McMaster University earn its reputation as one of Canada’s most innovative universities. Our focus on experiential, problem-based learning and our interdisciplinary approach to collaboration has earned the Faculty of Engineering a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students. The Faculty of Engineering offers a range of research-based and professional Master's degrees and PhD programs in seven core disciplines, and world-class academic departments, in addition to interdisciplinary programs offered through the School of Biomedical Engineering, the W Booth School of Engineering Practice & Technology, and the School of Computational Science & Engineering. 
 An employment opportunity exists for a self-motivated, experienced, and personable Administrative Co-ordinator. This position in Engineering’s office of the Associate Dean for Graduate Studies is accountable for developing, implementing and maintaining graduate student programming in the Faculty of Engineering. The Administrative Co-ordinator will serve under the Associate Dean as a liaison between all graduate programs in Engineering with the Faculty’s central team and the School of Graduate Studies (SGS), creating a more rapid, single line of communication on admissions, curricular, and extra-curricular matters. In addition, this position will have specific oversight over the administration of the Faculty’s hosted interdisciplinary programs, which currently includes the School of Biomedical Engineering. 
 Specific duties include coordinating and participating in the development and delivery of new graduate programs and initiatives; regularly analyze the progress of programs and initiatives; preparing University reporting and external audit reports, assisting departments, School of Graduate Studies and MacPherson Institute in IQAP reviews of Engineering graduate programs, including interdisciplinary programs; developing reports on graduate studies matters as required by the Associate Dean for the Dean’s Office, central administration and off-campus collaborators; liaising with the Engineering Graduate Society to support graduate student initiatives and enhance the quality of graduate student life; developing, coordinating, and supporting professional skills development and entrepreneurship in the Engineering graduate student population; issuing of digital credentials and participating in the oversight of the micro-credential academy; initiating, coordinating and participating in events and activities that support recruitment of graduate students; participating in university committees related to graduate students and graduate programs; participating in the development and implementation of inter-institutional agreements. The incumbent plays an influential role in engaging with students (registered and prospective), instructors, faculty and external partners 
 Responsibilities to the School of Biomedical Engineering include: coordinating program operations; managing human resources (hiring, and coordinating payment of, Interim employees, Teaching Assistants and Sessional Faculty); managing the finances of the School including the preparation of annual budget submission and forecasts, monitoring and approving expenses; tracking, monitoring and reporting on research accounts within the School, monitoring student recipient spending; administering student scholarships; managing the space allocation and resource management within the School; oversee SBME website and co-ordinate school events 
 Preference will be given to candidates with sound knowledge of the University’s graduate studies policies and procedures. Knowledge of academic programming in the Faculty of Engineering is considered an asset. Qualificed candidates must demonstrate excellent communication and organization skills; excellent knowledge of office procedures; advanced knowledge of computer software applications; strong budgeting and financial management experience; solid experience with university accounting applications, particularly MOSAIC (PeopleSoft); strong management and decision-making skills; capacity to manage multiple priorities and delegate appropriately & effectively; ability to manage proactively; demonstrated flexibility and adaptability within a changing environment; strong interpersonal skills to effectively interact with students, faculty, staff and alumni; highly developed financial skills with the ability to interpret and apply information and provide financial analysis; a high level of attention to detail and accuracy; demonstrated initiative and problem solving orientation; strong negotiation skills; proven effectiveness in the development of effective and efficient administrative systems. A college diploma in Business or Office Administration or equivalent is required, accompanied by a minimum of 3-5 years office administration experience in an academic environment. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
