Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](https://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 Posted on Last updated: January 23, 2021 By: Author  Selena Marc 
 Categories  How-tos 
 There is nothing more frustrating than being stuck in a rut in regard to your career. Getting up every morning and going to work when you feel like you're not advancing is enough to drive anyone mad. 
 
 You may feel like you are stuck in this circle of normalcy, but at the end of the day, you still have the ultimate control over the future of your career. Here are some simple steps if you are looking to define your career trajectory or take steps to change it. 
 
 This post may have affiliate links, meaning we earn a small commission on purchases through the links (at no extra cost to you). This does not change our opinion but does help support the site. Thank you! 
 
 What is Career Trajectory? 
 To assess your career trajectory, you need to look back at the first job you ever had. Whether you were serving up milk shakes at a local dairy bar or bagging groceries at a grocery store, your first job started your career trajectory. 
 Once you've considered that first job, you'll need to think about every job you've had since then. With the last item on your list being the job you're currently working you have your career trajectory. 
 You may be happy with the advances you've made throughout your career or you may feel like you've taken one step forward and two steps back. Whatever the answer is, you have the power to change it. 
 How to Change Your Career Trajectory 
 A lot of people aren't happy with the answers when they really ask themselves about their career trajectory. This moment of self-examination can motivate people to do all kinds of things. 
 If you're tired of working the same hours for the same company while receiving the same pay, taking a look at your trajectory may motivate you to go back to school, start your own business, or completely switch career fields. Your future is in your hands. 
 
 1. Update Your Resume 
 Once you start thinking about a line of work that would excite you, you need to update your resume. While you need to be truthful about everything that you put on your resume, don't be afraid to update things in a way that would be appealing to a potential new employer. 
 If you want to go into management, highlight any special projects that you supervised in the past. Even if you've never been a permanent manager, don't be afraid to highlight any time you've spent as a supervisor. 
 2. Put Your Mission in Writing 
 Having a written mission statement can help you stay on track when you're trying to change your own future. Depending on the type of businesses you've worked for in the past, you may have heard about mission statements or vision statements that the leaders of that company used to direct the company. 
 Take the time to evaluate where you're at and where you want to go and put a mission statement in writing. Make sure that every decision you make furthers the mission you have put in writing. 
 3. Identify What's Holding You Back 
 This part of the process can be painful. Take a hard look at your life and career and figure out what is holding you back. The things that hold you back can range from ideas that you have about yourself and your future to people who you feel a sense of loyalty to. 
 By no means am I saying that you should sever ties with people who have helped you along the way, but you may need to evaluate if your loyalty to them is keeping you from pursuing your own dreams. Once you know what's holding you back you can better decide how to move forward. 
 4. Make a List of Companies You'd Like to Work For 
 If you want to go into the tech field, you may love the idea of working for Apple or Microsoft. Don't be afraid to dream big with this step. Write down the companies that you would love to work for and begin researching their hiring practices. 
 
 If there is certain degrees or certifications that they require, start researching how to get those. This is your dream and you're in the driver's seat. 
 5. Use Your Existing Network 
 Don't fall into the trap that changing your career trajectory creates some sort of "you against the world" situation. If you have made contacts throughout your professional career, many of those people would probably be happy to help you on your path towards fulfillment. 
 Ideally, even if you aren't satisfied with your current career, you're still doing a good enough job that your boss realizes you produce value. Don't be afraid to speak to current supervisors and past contacts that you've made to see if they have any contacts in the field you want to go into. 
 There is nothing wrong with being dissatisfied with your current career trajectory. Many people realize that what they're doing is not what they want to be doing five years down the road. 
 Fortunately, there are always opportunities to make a change in your professional life and they are all under your control. 
 
 Read more: 
 
 Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn't Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 How to be Productive While Working at Home 
 Detail-Oriented: What It Means and Why It Matters in Your Job Hunt 
 How to Grow from Freelance to an Agency 
 
 
  5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going ← Read Last Post  
 Comments are closed. 
 
 
 
 You might also like 
 
 Variable Pricing: Why You Shouldn't Charge All Clients the Same Amount 
 What Is Business Casual? Women's Guide 
 I Have No Idea What I'm Doing: Why You Feel Lost and What to Do About It 
 How To Avoid Common Hiring Mistakes (And What To Do Instead) 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
