ShowShow 
 Skip to content 
 blog.weitzenegger.de 
 Consultants working to end poverty 
 Scaling-up job opportunities in food systems for youth and women in West Africa 
 11 September 2020  Posted in  Development 
 Development Matters 
 By  Koffi Zougbédé  , Sahel and West Africa Club Secretariat   (SWAC) 
 In 2011,  Fatoumata Cissoko , a graduate in accounting and a young woman living in Guinea, launched her dried-fruit processing company with USD260. Her company produces about 16 tonnes of dried pineapple a year sold in many shops and supermarkets in the capital, Conakry, and other cities around the country. Recently, her company increased its production capacity substantially to improve its competitiveness in regional and international markets. Fatoumata also opened an organic restaurant to complete the production chain and she directly employs 15 women. The story of Fatoumata is one example of the many emerging job opportunities in West Africa’s food systems. 
 View original post  872 more words 
 Share: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Published by Karsten Weitzenegger 
  View all posts by Karsten Weitzenegger  
 Post navigation 
 Previous:  Previous post: COVID-19 and the human development crisis: what have we learnt? 
 Next:  Next post: Germany debates law to make Global Value Chains fair 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 182 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Links 
 
 Impressum 
 Karsten Weitzenegger Consulting 
 Monitoring & Evaluation & Learning 
 Webzine: Sustainable Development Solutions 
 Weitzenegger's Development Research Crawler 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 RT @ FBonaglia : Thank you dear readers and authors for having made  #DevMatters  such a successful enterprise! 179 blog published in English,…  2 days ago 
 America puts first again, what makes it great. Be part of the real world’s future, after four lost years of headin…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 days ago 
 RT @ HEBobiwine : While Museveni calls me a foreign agent, these are the facts.   foreignaffairs.com/articles/afric…   3 days ago 
 RT @ SamanthaJPower : As a journalist, activist, and diplomat, I’ve seen the world-changing impact of @ USAID . At this critical moment, I feel…  4 days ago 
 Governments to Resume  #HLPF  Review of  #2030Agenda  with 17  #SDG  after Pandemic Postponement   sdg.iisd.org/news/governmen…   6 days ago 
 RT @ TheNewInstitute : We talked to Tech Writer @ evgenymorozov  about the dark sides of capitalism in the  #pandemic  and opportunities; the ema…  1 week ago 
 "Participation in value chains is by and large more dependent on the set of domestic policies that signal favourabl…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 week ago 
 RT @ SadrachNirere : We must question the amount of plastic being produced. In Uganda, @ CocaCola  through @ Cocacolauganda  produces; 24,000 pl…  1 week ago 
 “Both state-labour and state-capital relationships are of central importance to self-employed informal workers, whi…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 week ago 
 Germany is one of the world’s richest countries, but  #inequality  is on the rise. The wealthy are pulling ahead, whi…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 weeks ago 
 
 Follow @kweitzenegger 
 RSS Feed 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 adb   Africa   Aid   Aid Effectiveness   Aid Transparency   Asia   business   Business Environment   Caribbean   change   climate   climate change   conference   database   Development   Development Effectiveness   Development Policy   donors   EC   economy   education   energy   Entrepreneurship   environment   environmental   EU   Europe   EuropeAid   European Commission   Evaluation   event   Events   finance   food security   funding   gender   giz   green   growth   handbook   ict4dev   IDB   impact   Impact Evaluation   indicators   innovation   Jobs   knowledge   Latin America   methods   Microfinance   monitoring   network   Networks   oecd   OpenAid   Poverty   Publications   quality   reform   report   Research   results   social   statistics   systems   Trade   Training   un   unctad   undp   webinar   webinars   World Bank   youth 
 Recent Posts 
 
 NDICI is the new EU Instrument for Neighbourhood, Development and International Cooperation 
 Global Civil Society Report #SpotlightSDGs on the 2030 Agenda and the SDGs 
 Germany debates law to make Global Value Chains fair 
 Scaling-up job opportunities in food systems for youth and women in West Africa 
 COVID-19 and the human development crisis: what have we learnt? 
 The Future of Financing for Development 
 The G20 and the failure of policy coordination during COVID-19 
 Why quality assurance infrastructure matters to fight COVID-19 in developing countries? 
 Exchange of tax information: a butterfly effect on domestic resource mobilisation 
 Engaging citizens for sustainable development: Core business for a better recovery 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Growth. Building Jobs and Prosperity in Developing Countries 
 NDICI is the new EU Instrument for Neighbourhood, Development and International Cooperation 
 Guidelines on group formation and management  
 Cluster Management: A Practical Guide, by GTZ 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com.   blog.weitzenegger.de 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
