Skip to content 
 
 Keeping Computing Personal 
 About a QML Junior Job 
 Few days ago,  we  received a  bug report  about the  Plasma  calculator widget (plasmoid). Seeing that this bug had also been reported a few months earlier, I wondered how hard it would be to fix it. 
 The calculator widget is written in  QML , a relatively young language, so my experience is rather limited. But playing with QML widgets is very easy: you just need a text editor, change the source, and use the  plasma-windowed  command to launch the modified plasmoid. No compilation or installing is needed. 
 So did I fix the bug? Yes and no. Changing some "if's", I was able to fix the bug, but playing with the calculator, I noticed a severe regression: If you typed "3+4+5=6+7=" it would first calculate 12, then 25. 
 To be honest, I was simply too lazy to investigate further. I reverted the changes, and marked the bug as a  Junior Job  instead. These are bugs that KDE developers believe to be relatively easy to fix. My intention was evil: Someone else should get his hands dirty! And I got rewarded … 
 A few days later, Paul added a patch to the bug report, fixing it without nasty regressions. After it went through code review at reviewboard.kde.org, it had been committed to the KDE code repositories, and you can see his work starting with the coming 4.11.2 release of our software compilation. 
 Why am I telling you all this? First, if you are a looking for a way to contribute to KDE projects, the list of junior jobs might be a good start. If you get stuck and need help, check  http://techbase.kde.org/Contribute . It contains many links for ways to contact KDE developers. 
 Second, as the maintainer of KDE software, you should keep an eye on bug reports. If a bug looks easy, do not fix it immediately, but mark it as a junior job instead. This way, you give new contributors a chance to start contributing. Without a list of junior jobs, you will have a much harder time finding help. 
 And finally, the number of Plasma widgets written in QML is growing. Even if not marked as a junior job, some Plasma bugs can be solved without much coding experience. See  this bug  for another example. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author   kdepepo Posted on  September 13, 2013 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: ImageZero 5x faster than WebP 
 Next Next post: KDEPIM back from holidays: You got mail! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Teaching Comparing Strings in Python the Hard Way 
 About deprecation of QFontMetrics::width() 
 Celebrating 10 Years with KDE 
 KF5 Applications Porting 
 Smaragd for Plasma 5 
 KF5 Porting Progress 
 February Bug of the Month 
 January Bug of the Month 
 December Bug of the Month 
 The Bug of the Month 
 KDEPIM back from holidays: You got mail! 
 About a QML Junior Job 
 ImageZero 5x faster than WebP 
 Reverse Antialiasing for Image Scaling 
 Fast Lossless Color Image Compression 
 Troubleshooting kded4 Bugs 
 Smaragd adds Emerald window decorations to KDE 
 Sounds on message dialogs 
 Emerald window decoration themes on KDE 
 Accelerating color gradients 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Accelerating color gradients 
 Global Strut Feature 
 High-DPI aware KDE applications 
 Reverse Antialiasing for Image Scaling 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2019 
 June 2018 
 July 2017 
 December 2016 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 September 2013 
 October 2012 
 August 2012 
 January 2012 
 May 2011 
 September 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 February 2010 
 December 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 
 Keeping Computing Personal   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
