Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Media Internship 
 Heritage Skills Development Centre (HSDC) 
 __Scarborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 
 Frequently updates Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc accounts. 
 Responds to posts or comments from clients. 
 Posts update news and announcements in a timely manner using appropriate content. 
 Performs research to find articles, stories, resources, or other content that is relevant to our client base and posts it to HSDC’s social networks in a manner that invites conversation and interaction. 
 Updates social media accounts with current and relevant photos, videos, or other content from activities and events. 
 Grows online social networks by increasing client-base and interactions. 
 Maintains current information on all social media networks. 
 Completes other social media projects as assigned. 
 Create editorial calendars and different program schedules. 
 Conducts digital marketing for the organization 
 Helps to increase overall online presence of the organization. 
 
 Skills & Qualifications 
 
 Proven experience managing campaigns in social media 
 Solid knowledge of the principles of marketing communications 
 Experience working with social media publishing and measurement tools 
 Excellent analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills 
 Strong project management and attention to detail 
 Good understanding of social media analytics 
 Good command of the English language 
 Passion for Social media with knowledge of the latest trends and best practices 
 Have good written communication skills 
 
 PLEASE NOTE THIS IS AN UNPAID INTERNSHIP THAT THE APPLICANT CAN USE FOR SCHOOL/COLLEGE CREDITS. 
 Job Type: Internship 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
