 The Global Actor  
 
  Home  
  Audiobook Adventure  
  Global Actor Power Groups  
  PRO Private Coaching  
  Blog  
  Contact  
  VO  
  Current Clients  
  Momentum Club Subscription  
 
 How Accountability Changed The Shape Of My Career 
 11/7/2017 
  0 Comments  
 In my very first post for this blog  , I attributed much of my career success and life balance to having successful  accountability partnerships . 
 And it's true… 
​ 
I used to be a  patient  actor,  hoping  that eventually the right jobs would come. 
 Now, I take daily and weekly action towards that next job and have someone to check in with, celebrate with, plan with.  I always feel best in my accountability calls when I can report that I've done what I said I would do!  And if sometime I am a day or two behind in an action, that's okay too- because, in the end I am taking way more action in my career than I ever used to, so it's still a major hustle!  I have set big goals (begin a career in audiobooks, land great representation, book my first co-star), and I have accomplished them or something better- because I am constantly in action, controlling what I can (and letting go of what I cannot)! 
 I used to be stopped by my own limiting beliefs. 
 Because I've met my accountability partners via actor business groups led by optimistic, nurturing and  strategic career coaches, we have each learned about how our own limiting beliefs can be our biggest career obstacles.  I have often helped my partner face the obstacle, challenge it and move past it and have flourished from my partner doing the same for me.    I now challenge myself to do something outside of my comfort zone daily, and the actions that used to feel scary - like making a phone call to a decision maker or ask for a meeting - have become easy. 
 I used to work many "jobs" that were unrelated to my acting career. 
 Today, I am working full-time in the industry- whether voicing a commercial, narrating an audiobook, acting in a play or coaching an actor the momentum continues to build.  I look forward to crushing my next few goals with the help of these accountability partners. 
 With accountability, actions take way less time than I ever thought they would, so each day I find myself moving on to "what's next?"  The constant positive time and effort invested into the business of the acting career makes it grow exponentially.  I began saying "No" to the things I did not enjoy doing and insisted on getting paid for the acting career I had already spent so much money to build. 
 Accountability can be a game-changer for you, and I am thrilled to see some accountability partnerships beginning to thrive in the current #GlobalActor Power Groups. 
 It 's early November , if you have an  acting goal  , you have been putting off, like: 
 
 Gaining great representation 
 Finally creating your reel 
 Recording a voiceover demo 
 Building a website 
 Booking that next job! 
 
 Consider joining us in the #GlobalActor Power Groups! 
 Since launching in late August, we have celebrated all of the above accomplishments!  How? 
 
 Breaking down big dreams into attainable smaller goals and even smaller attainable actions. 
 Bi-weekly meetings ensure enough time to accomplish multiple actions 
 Accountability partnerships fueling the time between group sessions 
 
 I'd love to be that optimistic, nurturing and strategic coach that helps sky-rocket  YOUR  acting career! 
 IF you're up for some acting success... 
 **  L et's set up a time in the next couple weeks to see if the #GlobalActor Power Group might be a fit for your current career needs! ** 
 With the new year just around the corner, NOW is the FINAL time to lock in the 2017 power group rates-  the lowest they will ever be  , and take CHARGE of your career today! 
 
  0 Comments  
 Leave a Reply. 
 | 
 the global actor 
 _ 
**Field Notes 
**_  with Elise Arsenault 
 Archives 
 October 2019 
 August 2019 
 March 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 Categories 
 All 
 Ask An Expert 
 Auditions + Bookings 
 Build Your Team: Agents + Managers 
 Business 
 Business Strategy 
 Business Strategy For Actors 
 Mindset 
 Mindset + Motivation 
 Networking + Relationships 
 Online Presence 
 Power Group 
 Tips + Training 
 Tips + Tricks 
 VoiceoverCamp 
  RSS Feed  
 ---|--- 
 | 
 ---|--- 
 Proudly powered by  Weebly 
 
  Home  
  Audiobook Adventure  
  Global Actor Power Groups  
  PRO Private Coaching  
  Blog  
  Contact  
  VO  
  Current Clients  
  Momentum Club Subscription  
 
