
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 LEARNING 
 
 FREE TRIAL UPSKILL HR 
 UPSKILL HR 
 ACE THE HR EXAM 
 ACE THE HR EXAM AUDIO 
 HR PRACTICE TEST 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 Workology Podcast 
 Go Podcast 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Speaking 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 SIGN IN 
 
 
 Virtual Interviewing: How Employers & Job Seekers Can Prepare 
 May 18, 2020  | By    Shennee Rutt   |  HR 
   
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 __ 
 
 As a former recruiter and human resources practitioner and owner of a consultancy, I have seen quite the evolution of the interview and hiring process. Fast forward to Spring 2020, we as a nation are in the grips of a national pandemic called  COVID-19 . The concept of working from home or remote employees is not new. What  IS  new is corporations large and small are now being forced to reevaluate their entire human capital normal. The job market is still robust, and hiring is ongoing. The interviewing process as we knew it, has changed forever. 
 With the technology of today allowing so many communication platforms to choose from, I believe virtual interviewing is going to  take a seat at the table .  Skype  ,  Go-to Meeting  ,  ZOOM  , and  Facetime  are a few of the most widely used applications. Most of these services are free, allowing users to communicate in real-time. 
 Virtual Interviewing 
 The definition of Virtual Interviewing or digital interviewing enables employers to conduct one-way interviews online. These are conducted via a website or internet-embedded devices such as desktop, tablets, or mobile phones. 
 Why are employers using virtual interviews? 
 A few reasons. It allows employers to gain a better sense of subjective attributes that you can not get with a telephone interview. Cost-effectiveness, rather than fly a candidate into a prospective employer’s office. Time savings. Hiring managers can review the applicants’ recorded interviews on their own schedule. Employers are in the driver’s seat here. They can expedite the hiring process by quickly narrowing the decision. 
 Are there common myths about virtual interviews? 
 With any modern technology, there is always room for inaccurate facts. For one, some believe that virtual interviews will  replace  face to face interviewing. Not true. Most employers use it to narrow down a pool of candidates. Then the final candidates are scheduled for an in-person interview. 
 Another myth is that technology is awkward or uncomfortable for candidates. The opposite is true. Most job seekers prefer video to phone interviews. 
 What are the benefits to job seekers? 
 Compared to a phone interview, candidates have an opportunity to shine a light on their best qualifications. Interviewing in “neutral ground” eases nerves. An Interview Is a two-way conversation, so candidates must remember to “interview back”. Applicants must be prepared with a list of questions and be ready to get to know the employer. 
 How to prepare for a Virtual Job Interview? 
 Preparation is key! Here are my recommendations on how to ace the Video interview. 
 
 1. Establish a quiet, well-lit location free of distractions. Resetting your home modem and router is always a good idea. 
 2. Test your internet connection, audio, and computer webcam. Close all unnecessary browsers, tabs, and websites. 
 3. Dress PROFESSIONALLY! WEAR CLOTHES! And PANTS! As our grandparents used to say, “the Buick is out of the garage” Dress as you would if you were going to an in-person interview. 
 4. Silence all mobile devices to mute or do not disturb setting. 
 5. Speak clearly, Relax, be yourself. GET THAT DREAM JOB! 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- How to Issue WARN Notices to Furloughed Workers 
 Virtual Workplace Accessibility Guide -> 
 Posted in  HR 
 Shennee Rutt 
 Shennee Rutt is a Resume Writing Specialist and Expert Career Development Coach with a passion for guiding job seekers to finding their dream job and writing high-impact resumes. She is Owner/President of Laurel Virtual Solutions LLC. With over 15 years of experience in the human resources and talent acquisition space, she has a proven track record. Shennee is an influencer in the social media and human resources community. Connect with her here: shennee@ptd.net www.linkedin.com/shennee 717-873-8155 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Ayushi  says 
 
 May 18, 2020 at 1:02 pm 
 Yes so true, this COVID pandemic has changed the traditional way of interviewing, but it's beneficial for the candidates as mentioned, it will save much of their time and is also cost-effective. Useful article. 
 
 Jessica Calaogan  says 
 
 May 19, 2020 at 2:45 pm 
 good analysis…apart from virtual interviewing COMPANIES will also need to focus on virtual assessments to make sure the they build a talent pool inline with the culture and values of the organization. 
 
 Staffmerge  says 
 
 June 14, 2020 at 1:06 am 
 Thanks for this valuable post. Checkout this amazing place  StaffMerge  which is very much helpful in creating video resume for Job seeker and Video Interview Platform for employer. 
 
 interview as a service  says 
 
 June 19, 2020 at 8:58 am 
 IT IS REALLY A USEFUL ARTICLE WHICH CREATES AWARENESS ABOUT VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS. COVID-19 PANDEMIC HAS REALLY CHANGED THE FACE OF RECRUITMENT & HIRING. i BELIEVE NOT ONLY ONE WAY INTERVIEW BUT TECHNICAL SCREENING WITH A FREELANCE INTERVIEWER IS ALSO A RESULT ORIENTED WAY TO SCREEN CANDIDATES. 
 __ Search 
 
 
 
 __ON AIR WITH WORKOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
  __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __  
 Copyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group. 
 
 Contributing 
 Advertising 
 Disclaimer 
 Press 
 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
