Skip to content 
 The TEA (Transitioning Early Adults) 
 Finding Your Dream Job 
 Over the past few weeks the country, and world, is struggling with a high amount of layoffs. While this is a horrible time to be laid off due to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 situation, this is also an opportunity to reevaluate your career path. 
 When I have ventured into the scary world of job searching in the past, one of the biggest challenges I had was understanding the kind of jobs that are out there. I always hear of these people with really cool jobs and I think two things. 1) How did they know that job was out there and 2) how did they get that job. I have seen so many podcasts and books that try to inspire up and coming professionals with their stories of corporate ladder climbing. But frankly most of these interviews piss me off because there is one common theme - basically the subject was thrown into their dream job because they knew the right people. For example, Mindy Kaling was discovered because Greg Daniels came to a show she wrote and was impressed. Soon after attending that show he offered her a job writing on The Office. I’m not saying Mindy didn’t work her butt off to get where she is, but if Greg Daniels wouldn’t have gone to see that off broadway play Mindy wrote, the would would have never seen that girl's amazing talents. 
 I understand this is how the world works, and I would be lying if I said I didn’t get my current job through some nepotism. But the problem is, for the most part, this is a process that is not easily emulated. And it takes a degree of networking, self promotion and luck that most people do not possess. 
 So we decide to start a series on this blog highlighting some of the amazing jobs out there. But more importantly the tangible steps it takes to get there. Meaning well look at the experience you need, the people you'll want to network with and the skills you must possess to thrive in your dream position. 
 A career in HealthCare Marketing 
 "Since those in the healthcare system are the true heroes of the current epidemic, I thought it would be appropriate to start the "find your dream job," series by examining a friend who works in marketing for the healthcare system…." 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 The TEA (Transitioning Early Adults) ,  Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
