Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 VP Finance 
 Executrade Consultants 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Salary:  Market related 
 Reference:  JOB-34604 
 Please submit your resume directly to Jessica Kopitar via email at jessica.kopitar@executrade.com 
 VP of Finance opportunity! 
 The Opportunity 
 Our Oil and Gas client in DT Calgary is looking for a VP of Finance to join their team! This opportunity will start as a contract, but has the opportunity you become a permanent role for the right person! 
 Key Account Responsibilities and Functions 
 Support business planning by providing strategic financial leadership and consultation to the CEO, Executive Team, and other senior leaders within the organization. 
Oversee all finance-related activity including budgeting, accounting, financial planning, financial reporting, forecasting, tax planning, and audits. 
Development and tracking of key financial performance indicators 
Various financial modeling and scenario analysis 
Analysis of accounting transactions, processes, and investigation of any related queries 
Assist with the development of annual budgets, providing effective budget support to appropriate stakeholders 
Financial reporting for management, ownership, and relevant regulatory bodies 
Credit and risk management 
Business advisory support to the senior management team, including strategic and long-range planning, scenario analysis, and organizational design 
Identify opportunities for workflow improvements and efficiencies as they relate to the accounting process, controls, and key business processes 
Participate or lead special projects and perform other related duties as assigned 
 Required Skills and Qualifications 
 10-15 years experience working in a private business 
University degree in Finance or Accounting 
CMA/CGA/CA/CPA or CFA designation 
Prior public accounting experience also considered an asset 
Oil and gas experience an asset 
Experience with insolvency and acquisitions an asset 
Exceptional judgment and communication skills (both verbal and written) 
Ability to work with a variety of people in a team environment, including individuals at an executive level, interacting with positivity and optimism 
Ability to work independently 
Enthusiasm for constant purposeful change 
Ability to define problems, collect data, dig into details, establish facts and draw valid conclusions 
 Executrade is one of the largest and most comprehensive full-service recruitment firms in Western Canada, with 11 divisions and locations in Edmonton, Calgary, and Vancouver. We have over 40 years of experience helping client companies and candidates achieve their business goals and vision. Our success is due to our people, the strong relationships we build, and the continuous and robust evaluation and refining of our recruitment and staffing processes. 
 ACC1 
 Individuals interested in this employment opportunity must obtain the necessary approvals from the Government of Canada - Citizenship and Immigration department, prior to applying for this position. In accordance with the Canadian Immigration laws, priority will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada for employment opportunities. Detailed information can be obtained from http://www.cic.gc.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
