
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Orchata (W20) 
 Shopify for Online Grocery 
 Senior UX Engineer 
 
 Location 
 Monterrey, Mexico / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Orchata 
 With Orchata food suppliers and local stores in LATAM can become online grocery stores that sell and deliver food directly to consumer's homes. 
 Orchata is on a mission to help independent business owners grow and compete against major corporate chains. We launched our first product were we are transforming independent grocery retailers in LATAM with the specialized technology, data insights, loyalty marketing, and shared services they need to serve today’s digital-minded customers. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, React 
 About the Role 
 Orchata is looking looking for a self-motivated engineer/designer with excellent communication skills and a desire to work in a fast-paced, successful startup environment. 
 ﻿As a Senior UX Engineer, you will craft and orchestrate compelling user experiences which create meaningful and lasting life connections between Orchata and its customers. You possess the skill-set of a Front-end Engineer but with working knowledge of UX design principles and you have built many interesting and sophisticated interfaces that push the needle from status quo. You have a history turning those interfaces into reusable frameworks for larger development efforts. You’ve worked closely with product managers to define and research problems. 
 What You'll Do 
 
 Own design problems end-to-end, from initial concept through shipping and beyond. 
 You will collaborate with other engineers to ship, measure, and improve designs based on quantitative and qualitative feedback. 
 You will be part of a small team, with a large amount of ownership and responsibility for setting best practices and raising the front end bar for the team. 
 You will work with other Front End engineers to raise the bar for product and code quality within the web product. 
 You will maintain our high engineering standards and bring consistency to our codebase. 
 You will ship high quality, scalable and robust solutions with a sense of urgency. 
 You will have the freedom to suggest and drive organization-wide initiatives. 
 
 What the Candidate Will Need 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Design, Computer Science, Computer Engineering OR equivalent work experience 
 Solid knowledge in Product Design (UI, UX, and Research); Digital products experience 
 3+ Years of experience designing and shipping digital products across platforms 
 Strong knowledge of and experience with at least one modern Javascript framework (React, Vue, Angular2, etc) 
 Strong knowledge of modern front-end build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc) 
 Strong knowledge of and experience with front-end testing frameworks (Jest, Mocha, Enzyme, etc) 
 Program management: Adobe Creative Suite, Figma or Sketch. 
 A willingness to learn back-end frameworks and technologies, primarily Ruby on Rails and SQL/ActiveRecord 
 An ability to balance a sense of urgency with shipping high quality and pragmatic solutions 
 Experience working with a large codebase on a cross-functional team 
 Startup mentality required (taking ownership, being accountable and having a hands-on approach). 
 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Orchata 
 UX/UI 
 fulltime 
 Monterrey, México 
 UI / UX 
 6+ years 
 Senior UX Engineer  
 fulltime 
 Monterrey, Mexico / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Sales Development Representative 
 fulltime 
 Monterrey, México 
 1+ years 
 Senior Frontend Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Monterrey, Mexico / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
