
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Maintenance Mechanic I 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Maintenance Mechanic I 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 [](mailto:?subject=Maintenance%20Mechanic%20I&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14165985/maintenance-mechanic-i/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 3, 2020 
 Location: 
 Rochester, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Maintenance Mechanic I 
5435BR 
Finance & Administration 
FMS Maintenance Services 
 Professional Area: 
 Employment Category:  Fulltime 
 Staff Job Function:   Wage Band: 
 Department/College Description 
The position requires the ability and willingness to provide contact information to be used for an on-call phone listing for reporting to work in off hours or urgent situations such as extreme weather conditions including when the campus is closed. 
 Ability and willingness to work a flexible schedule that could encompass weekends, holidays, and times other than normal work schedules. 
 Must continually reinforce FMS' commitment for managing relationships with customers and colleagues in an open, honest, direct and respectful manner. 
 Detailed Job Description 
**  Please note: This is a B-Shift position Tues-Sat 2pm-10:30pm. ** 
 
 Respond to building maintenance problems through the online work order system and cell phone communications in support of RIT's daily operations. Perform and provide guidance for improvement of planned Preventative Maintenance (PMs) scheduled work on various building systems. Provide immediate response to building maintenance related urgencies, determine and implement corrective actions. 
 Must be able to work in irritating environments, confined spaces, and adverse weather or temperature conditions, dirt, dust, unpleasant odors, and loud noises while utilizing appropriate PPE. 
 Must be self-motivated and have ability to work independently with minimal direction. Must have the ability to take initiative, plan, prioritize, and execute a variety of repairs. 
 Ability to train Maintenance Mechanic II and student helpers, as well as develop and maintain effective working relationships with them. 
 Provide immediate response to building maintenance related urgencies (major water leaks, broken/hanging glass, malfunctioning elevators, natural gas odor, electrical hazards, downed outdoor light poles, removal of wildlife (bats, mice, bees, and birds)) or issues that affect the physical safety of the RIT community, contain situation, determine and implement corrective/restorative actions, provide direction to supporting departments, and notify appropriate personnel. 
 Provide intermediate to advanced level skilled trade services and general repairs to building maintenance problems (not limited to plumbing, carpentry, doors and hardware, painting, drywall repair, windows and screens, roofing, masonry, hang banners, tile work, furniture repair, steam and natural gas piping, and window shade installation and repair) through the online work order system and direct phone communications. Determine repair required and best course of action (time and cost) to complete (perform in-house or contract). 
 Assist Maintenance Manager with coordinating maintenance projects (meet with customers, building managers, and department heads) to plan and set up schedules for routine and urgent repairs/services, coordinate contractor assistance and repairs, meet and escort contractors and vendor for repairs on building systems, ensure vendors perform as directed by this position and established RIT FMS Guidelines. Responsible for ordering, receiving, following up with vendors for materials, and evaluate products performance as needed to perform in this position. 
 Provide training and mentoring for Maintenance Mechanic II position and student helpers. 
 Fully utilize Work Order system (create, update, and close out work orders), e-mail, electronic drawings, FMS and RIT software necessary to perform job duties. 
 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
 
 High school diploma or GED 
 Seven years experience in building maintenance in a commercial, industrial, or college campus setting with proven expertise in two or more of the following skilled areas; Plumbing, Millwright (doors and hardware), Painting and Drywall, Flooring, Roofing, Masonry, or Carpentry. 
 Must have demonstrated intermediate to advanced level mechanical aptitude including working knowledge of plumbing and pipefitting, painting and drywall, door and window repair, and low voltage (50 volts or less) electrical systems. 
 Must have strong analytical/problem solving skills. 
 Must have good written and verbal communication skills. 
 Must have good basic math skills. 
 Experience and ability to lead repairs and small projects from conception to implementation. 
 Ability to safely operate all equipment including, but not limited to; hand and power tools common to plumbing, carpentry, tile, and other building trades. 
 Able to work from various ladders up to 30 feet tall, including scaffolds and 40 foot man-lifts. 
 Able to lift 50 lbs. 
 Consistently work safely following all relative OSHA, DEC and EPA standards, laws and regulations. 
 Ability use software including Microsoft Office, work order system, and other RIT and FMS software. 
 
 The successful candidate hired for this position will be required to drive on occasion, and therefore will be required, upon hire, to immediately enroll in the NYS LENS program. Candidates can review page 4 of  RIT's Safe Driving Policy 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Required Application Documents 
 How to Apply 
In order to be considered for this position, you must apply for it at:  http://careers.rit.edu/staff . Click the link for search openings and in the keyword search field, enter the title of the position or the BR number 
The direct link to this posting can be found here:  https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 Additional Details 
 _Rochester Institute of Technology, the 10th largest private university in the U.S., is among the worlds leading technological universities. Its 18,000 undergraduate and graduate students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries are enrolled in over 200 academic programs, including 7 interdisciplinary Ph.D. programs. A pioneer in experiential education, RIT was the first to offer undergraduate degree programs in biotechnology, information technology, software engineering, and microelectronic engineering. As home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf, the university offers unparalleled academic opportunities and services for the deaf and hard-of-hearing. Founded in 1829, RIT has 115,000 alumni throughout the United States and around the world. RIT has been named by the Chronicle of Higher Education as one of the Great Colleges to Work For. RIT is a National Science Foundation ADVANCE Institutional Transformation site, and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples through the Upstate NY Higher Education Recruitment Consortium. For more information, visit www.rit.edu/overview/rankings-and-recognition  and  www.rit.edu . 
 As a member of the RIT community employees receive a well-balanced benefits package that offers a variety of choices and access to additional employment advantages. These benefits, combined with an employees pay, provide a total compensation package that can be tailored to meet your needs. More on RITs Benefits, Health & Wellness program can be found at:  https://www.rit.edu/fa/humanresources/content/benefits-health-and-wellness _ 
 RIT does not discriminate. RIT is an equal opportunity employer that promotes and values diversity, pluralism, and inclusion. For more information or inquiries, please visit RIT/TitleIX or the U.S. Department of Education at ED.Gov 
 Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 
 jeid-714e0344e337cd4083d5893c8b71dc6e 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2090149 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Rochester Institute of Technology 
 Founded in 1829, Rochester Institute of Technology is a diverse and collaborative community of engaged, socially conscious, and intellectually curious minds. Through creativity and innovation, and an intentional blending of technology, the arts and design, we provide exceptional individuals with a wide range of academic opportunities, including a leading research program and an internationally recognized education for deaf and hard-of-hearing students. Beyond our main campus in Rochester, New York, RIT has international campuses in China, Croatia, Dubai, and Kosovo. And with more than 19,000 students and more than 125,000 graduates from all 50 states and over 100 nations, RIT is driving progress in industries and communities around the world. Find out more at www.rit.edu . 
 Connections working at Rochester Institute of Technology 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Generation Engineer I, II, III or Senior 
 __  Hugo, Oklahoma 
 
 
 
 
 Western Farmers Electric Cooperative 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 Generation Engineer I, II, III or Senior 
 __  Anadarko, Oklahoma 
 
 
 Western Farmers Electric Cooperative 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 Generation Engineer I, II, III or Senior 
 __  Mooreland, Oklahoma 
 
 
 Western Farmers Electric Cooperative 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
