Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate - Temp - TOMMY HILFIGER 
 PVH 
 __Niagara Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 COME FIND THE PERFECT FIT &JOIN AN ICONIC BRAND! 
 With more than 50 retail locations across the country, Tommy Hilfiger Canada’s continued growth can be attributed to the commitment and dedication of our employees since we first entered the Canadian market in 1989. At Tommy Hilfiger Canada, we nurture a culture of personal and professional development. Careers within the company can only excel with a diligent focus on brand management, clear communication of expectations, consistency in execution, determination to exceed standards, fair and supportive treatment of all employees, and a dynamic, fast paced work environment. 
 The Tommy Hilfiger brand creates a lifestyle that inspires people everywhere to believe that anything is possible. The brand is all about people having fun, enjoying life, helping others succeed and treating people with respect. And as a part of the brand, you too can experience this fashion phenomenon. 
 Tommy Hilfiger offers: 
Competitive salaries 
Insurance & RRSP benefits for full-time Associates 
Generous discounts on merchandise 
Training and development 
Career growth opportunities 
 Sales Associate 
 Responsibilities: 
Sell and promote Tommy Hilfiger merchandise through execution of the “Spirited Service” standards. 
Assist store management in completing the sales generation and operational functions of the store. 
Ensure customer satisfaction and compliance with company Policies & Procedures and established Best Practices. 
Provides efficient, accurate and “spirited” service at the cash counter. 
Work towards a goal with an emphasis on service quality, customer satisfaction and financial performance. 
Deliver business results. 
Perform a variety of operational activities as assigned by the Store Manager or the Manager on Duty. 
Work well in a team environment, create energy and excitement around shared goals and values, contribute to an environment of trust and respect, act with urgency and integrity, demonstrate flexibility and HAVE FUN! 
 Qualifications: 
Minimum of six months as a Sales Associate is desired, but not required. 
Minimum High School education or equivalent. 
Ability to communicate with customers and store personnel; maneuver around sales floor, stock room, and office; lift heavy objects, stretch, and bend; operate cash register and office computer. 
Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business, which may require weekdays, evenings, weekends and holidays. 
 PVH Canada Inc. shall notify its employees and the public about the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities and its recruitment process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
