Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 GRD LVL 24 - Parliamentary Education Officer 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Parliamentary Education Officer 
 Competition:  LA202122 
 Department:  Parliamentary Education Office 
 Position Type:  Auxiliary Full-Time (until August 20, 2022) 
 Classification:  Legislative Assembly Grid Level 24 
 Salary Range:  $67,316.66 - $77,403.30 per annum 
 Close Date:  December 8, 2020 
 POSITION SUMMARY 
 Employees of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia (Assembly) provide professional non-partisan services to support the democratic institution of Parliament and its members through procedural advice, administrative support and information services. The Assembly is an autonomous employer, separate from the administrative framework of B.C. government ministries and agencies. 
 The Parliamentary Education Office is seeking a dynamic, collaborative and knowledgeable individual for the auxiliary full-time position of Parliamentary Education Officer. 
 Reporting to the Director of the Parliamentary Education Office (PEO), the Parliamentary Education Officer is responsible for managing the day to day delivery of PEO educational programs for the Legislative Assembly, including the BC Legislative Internship Program and the BC Teachers’ Institute on Parliamentary Democracy. The Parliamentary Education Officer also manages the development of both permanent and temporary educational exhibits for the Legislative Assembly and regular and special events for the Legislative Assembly. 
 The Assembly offers competitive benefits and salary packages, and a professional workplace situated in the historic Parliament Buildings. For more information about our organization, go to https://www.leg.bc.ca/learn-about-us/working-here . 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Applicants must have an undergraduate degree preferably in education or a related field, plus 5 years of experience in an education, heritage, heritage resource management or museum setting. Applicants must also have experience in the development, delivery and management of educational and exhibit programming; and supervisory experience managing and evaluating staff. 
 Please refer to the position description for a full list of duties and qualifications. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS 
 Please submit cover letter and résumé (preferably combined in one PDF document saved as Lastname, Firstname), citing Competition LA202122, by December 8, 2020 by e-mail to careers@leg.bc.ca . We would like to thank everyone in advance for applying as only those shortlisted will be contacted. An eligibility list may be established and/or auxiliary positions may be considered for future conversion to regular status. Lesser qualified applicants may be under-implemented or appointed at a lower classification. The Legislative Assembly of British Columbia values diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. 
 Human Resource Operations Legislative Assembly of British Columbia 
 E-mail:  careers@leg.bc.ca | Telephone: 250-387-5532 | Web: www.leg.bc.ca 
 For inquiries please visit our FAQ page or contact us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
