Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Office of Student Life - Career Counsellor - Limited Term 
 University of Ontario Institute of Technology 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Office of Student Life 
 Number of Positions:  1 
 Position Title:  Career Counsellor 
 Appointment Type:  Limited Term 
 Salary Range:  $68,684 - $80,805 
 Posting Date:  November 12, 2019 
 Revised Closing Date:  December 3, 2019 
 Job Summary: 
The Career Counselor promotes the academic, personal and professional development of students and alumni at Ontario Tech University with focus on career planning, employment preparation, and the transition to full time employment. Reporting to the Manager, Careers, Coops and Internships, the Counsellor is responsible for providing counseling for students and alumni as well as contributing to broader career development programming that promotes student success at the University. 
 The Career Counsellor is also responsible for liaising and building relationships with staff and faculty, student organizations, colleagues within other student service areas, as well as external community partners and social organizations to develop and implement appropriate service levels for the counselling service and to facilitate ongoing support for university students. 
 The incumbent is also considered a key player who fosters an overall culture of learning, leadership, involvement and service among University students. 
 Responsibilities/accountabilities: 
1. Student Counselling 
 Provides individual and group counselling and support for all students and recent graduates and develops and implements career development supports. These include: 
 Counselling students (undergraduate, graduate and alumni) to identify their academic strengths and weaknesses by assessing their skills, values and interests and understanding how they relate to academic and co-curricular options and career opportunities 
Educating students on the career development process, and supporting them in making decisions about careers and employment through individual counselling, drop-in sessions, workshops, resource development and other services. 
Assisting students and recent graduates with the acquisition of relevant and current information (print and electronic) about careers and the labor market and models techniques to aid students in developing their work search knowledge, skills and strategies. 
Administering and interpreting career assessment instruments, as required. 
Referring students to other counselling and resource agencies if assistance is needed beyond the scope of career counselling position. 
Maintaining student files and tracking usage for reporting purposes. 
 2. Career Development Programming 
 Leads in the design, development and implementation of career development programming for students that is grounded in theory and research. This includes: 
 Developing and delivering career development programming for students, including transition programs, career development workshops, and discussion groups. 
Collaborating with student groups to organize and facilitate career exploration panels, and to take advantage of career services as early as possible in their academic programs. 
Developing information sessions and resources for instructors on strategies to support career development initiatives in courses and programs. 
Developing and facilitating small group workshops and seminars focusing on career and employment topics that are tailored to specific academic programs, career areas, and/or specific needs. 
Assisting with departmental projects and other duties as assigned and representing the Career Centre on campus committees and events. 
 3. Resource Development 
 Leads in the development and production of online resources to support career development at Ontario Tech by: 
 Developing resources, exercises and processes for students to support career development/exploration, in collaboration with other Student Life staff, including printed materials, multi-media presentations, online learning activities, tutorials and videos. 
Liaising with Ontario Tech University faculty to ensure appropriate resources are available for students. 
Liaising with Ontario Tech University library to understand available library resources. 
Undertaking to continuous professional learning and development. 
 4. Assessment 
 Formulates program outcomes and metrics to measure learning and development among students and to demonstrate program effectiveness and success by: 
 Working with colleagues and campus partners to articulate program outcomes for specific projects and assessing progress toward those outcomes. 
Engaging students, faculty, and student affairs professionals in collaborative assessment, both informal and formal. 
Evaluating and reporting on initiatives to determine whether efforts are meeting student needs and generating the desired outcomes. 
Maintaining records and data to be used in service evaluation. 
Evaluating and reporting on initiatives to determine whether efforts are meeting the students’ needs and generating the desired outcomes to make evidence-based decisions on future programming. 
 Required Skills 
 Knowledge of psycho/social, emotional development from adolescence to retirement (in particular, student development theory) 
Ability to use knowledge of career and psychological counselling, attending skills, empathy, problem solving, intervention strategies. 
Micro counselling skills (short-term therapy and/or coaching techniques) 
Group workshop and seminar facilitation (group counselling) 
Working knowledge of decision making models and developments in career and educational opportunities 
Psychological test administration and interpretation 
Must possess judgment, particularly with respect to confidential information, patience, flexibility and adaptability. 
Must have the capacity to handle a heavy workload 
Must be able to maintain credibility of students, faculty, staff and senior administrators 
Excellent writing and speaking skills, including public speaking 
Excellent time management and organizational skills as well as computer and other necessary web based technical skills 
Ability to work with people having a wide variety of life and school experiences 
Ability to think innovatively 
Ability to identify problems and skills to explore them 
Able to travel to and work out of two locations. 
 Education: 
Master’s Degree in Counselling or Psychology, with focus in Career Counselling, or related degree. 
 Required Experience 
 A minimum of three to five years career counselling experience, preferably with university students. 
Membership in a professional counselling organization 
 How to Apply: 
Interested candidates should submit in electronic format a covering letter and their resume. Applications will be accepted until December 3, 2019 or until a suitable candidate is found. We appreciate all applications received; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Ontario Tech University is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified candidates, while especially encouraging applications from women, members of visible minorities, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender expression. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Ontario Tech University respects people's different needs and therefore will take all reasonable steps to ensure accommodation for applicants where appropriate. If you require an accommodation to participate in the recruitment process, please notify the Human Resources Department. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
