
 __ 
  __    __ 
 __ 
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 __ 
 Search 
 Sunday, January 24, 2021 
 
 Contact 
 
  __    __ 
 __ 
      World ABC News  
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 
 Home  __ Business  __ U.S. economy lost 140,000 jobs last month as COVID-19 refuses to release... 
 
 Business 
 
 U.S. economy lost 140,000 jobs last month as COVID-19 refuses to release its grip on economy 
 By 
 worldabcnews 
 - 
 January 8, 2021 
 __0 
 __17 
 __Share on Facebook   __Tweet on Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 U.S. employers shed jobs last month for the first time since April, cutting 140,000 positions, clear evidence that the economy is faltering as the viral pandemic tightens its grip on consumers and businesses. 
 At the same time, the unemployment rate stayed at 6.7 per cent, the first time it hasn't fallen since April. 
 Friday's figures from the Labour Department suggest that employers have rehired roughly all the workers they can afford to after having laid off more than 22 million in the spring — the worst such loss on record. With consumer spending barely growing over the past few months, most companies have little incentive to hire. The economy still has 9.9 million fewer jobs than it did before the pandemic sent it sinking into a deep recession nearly a year ago. 
 The pandemic will likely continue to weaken the economy through the winter and perhaps early spring. But many economists, along with the Federal Reserve's policymakers, say they think that once the coronavirus vaccines are more widely distributed, a broad recovery should take hold in the second half of the year. The incoming Biden administration, along with a now fully Democratic-controlled House and Senate, is also expected to push rescue aid and spending measures that could accelerate growth. 
 For now, the renewed surge in virus cases, as well as cold weather, has caused millions of consumers to avoid eating out, shopping and traveling. Re-imposed business restrictions have shut down numerous restaurants, bars, and other venues. 
 Retail sector hammered 
 Economists at TD Securities estimate that more than half the states have restricted gatherings to 10 or fewer people, up from about a quarter in September. New York City and California, among others, placed strict new limits on restaurants last month. 
 In recent months, retailers have been especially hurt by the slump in consumer spending. Debit and credit card data tracked by JPMorgan Chase, based on 30 million accounts, shows that Americans slowed their purchases during the holiday shopping season. Such spending was 6 per cent lower in December compared with a year ago. That was worse than in October, when card spending was down just 2 per cent from the previous year. 
 Restaurant traffic has also dropped, according to the reservations website OpenTable. Seated dining is down 60 per cent this week compared with a year ago, much worse than two months earlier, when they were down about 35 per cent. 
 The $900 billion US financial aid package that Congress enacted last month should also help propel a recovery, economists say. It will provide a $300-a-week federal jobless benefit on top of an average weekly state benefit of about $320. In addition, millions of Americans stand to receive $600 payments, and the Treasury Department said Thursday that 8 million of those payments were going out this week. 
 Late Wednesday, Goldman Sachs upgraded its forecast for economic growth this year to a robust 6.4 per cent from its previous estimate of 5.9 per cent. Its upgrade was based in part on the expectation that the Biden administration will implement more stimulus. 
 Still, for now, about 11 million people are officially unemployed. Millions more have stopped looking for work, either because they're discouraged about their prospects or worried about contracting the coronavirus, and aren't counted as unemployed. 
 Friday's monthly jobs report, the last of Donald Trump's presidency, shows that the nation has 3 million fewer jobs than it did four years earlier. That makes Trump the first president since Herbert Hoover (1929-1933), early in the Great Depression, to preside over a net loss of jobs. 
 All the job losses during the Trump administration occurred after the pandemic struck. Before then, the unemployment rate had fallen to a 50-year low of 3.5 per cent. Still, Trump had pledged to create 25 million jobs in four years. 
 Source link  
 
 TAGS 
 Covid19 
 economy 
 grip 
 jobs 
 Lost 
 Month 
 REFUSES 
 release 
 
 SHARE 
 __Facebook   __Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 
 
 tweet 
 
 
 
 Previous article Bitcoin price news: BTC boom continues after topping $40K - and ‘bull move only starting' | City & Business | Finance 
 Next article The King of Fighters XV officially revealed with flashy trailer, Out this year 
 
 worldabcnews 
 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 
 
 Business 
 N.S. video game industry on the hunt for workers as pandemic drives up sales 
 
 Business 
 Digital health VC survey, edtech M&A, deep tech marketing, more – TechCrunch 
 
 Business 
 Florida cracks down on vaccine tourism, requires proof of residency to get vaccinated for COVID-19 
 
 LEAVE A REPLY  Cancel reply 
 Please enter your comment! 
 Please enter your name here 
 You have entered an incorrect email address! 
 Please enter your email address here 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 LATEST NEWS 
 
 Apple Event on November 10: New MacBook Air, MacBook Pro Models Based on Apple Silicon Reported to Debut 
 worldabcnews  - January 10, 2021 
 0 
 
 Tottenham ace 'heading down same path' as Dele Alli after being frozen out by Mourinho | Football | Sport 
 December 1, 2020 
 
 Reddit Averaged 52 Million Daily Active Users in October 2020: Report 
 December 2, 2020 
 MUST READ 
 Inheritance Tax UK: How grandparents can gift an 'unlimited amount of excess income' |... 
 worldabcnews  - December 1, 2020 
 0 
 Tottenham news: Jose Mourinho 'phones Luka Modric' as he lines up blockbuster transfer |... 
 worldabcnews  - December 18, 2020 
 0 
 PIP boost: Are Personal Independence Payments increasing this year? 
 worldabcnews  - January 13, 2021 
 0 
 Load more __ 
 
 Get the latest news stories and headlines from around the world. We provide you with the latest breaking news, stories and videos. 
 Contact us:  info@worldabcnews.com 
  __    __ 
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
 George Russell breaks silence after Mercedes confirm Lewis Hamilton Abu Dhabi... 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 Rishi Sunak wants savings to be spent post lockdown - savers... 
 January 2, 2021 
 
 Savers urged to build emergency funds, use pension allowances & fill... 
 January 2, 2021 
 POPULAR CATEGORY 
 
 
 Lifestyle1302 
 
 
 Entertainment1302 
 
 
 Technology1261 
 
 
 Football880 
 
 
 English Premier League840 
 
 
 Gaming813 
 
 
 World757 
 
 
 Finance749 
 
 
 Computers & Softwares458 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 (C) Copyright 2017 worldabcnews 
 __ MORE STORIES 
 
 Magna strikes deal with LG to make electric car components 
 December 23, 2020 
 
 Databand raises $14.5M led by Accel for its data pipeline observability... 
 December 1, 2020 
 This site uses cookies:  Find out more. Accep All 
 Edit with Live CSS 
 Save 
 Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. 
