Skip to content    
 
 Tales of a Librarian 
 Thoughts on librarianship and service. 
 November 30, 2018December 2, 2018  by  Jeffrey 
 Navigating the Horrible Valley of Librarian Job Searches 
 Last year, I was approached by someone who wanted me to contribute to their new librarian website. Flattered, I jumped at the chance. I began trading emails with the site's owner and looking at his site. We talked about what his site's purpose was and I, respectfully, gave him some design critiques. I also invited him to provide a reciprocal contribution to this site. 
 At the same time I was also preparing a presentation for the  2017 Missouri Library Association conference . I took the opportunity to flesh out the ideas I was going to be discussing in my presentation for this new site. Even though what I submitted was much longer than asked for the site owner seemed ecstatic and posted the piece without delay. I again offered to host a posting by the site owner but was ignored. 
 You'll notice that I'm not posting the URL for the site in question. That's because as far as I can tell the site no longer exists. Furthermore, I never got that reciprocal post. This is the "negative experience" referenced in the  Contributors page . Below is a version of that recently rediscovered post edited for this site. I thought now would be a good time to resurrect it since I've not been able to write anything new, lately. Enjoy. 
 
 There are few activities that we participate in in our lives that are more humiliating and depressing than searching for a job. We scour the internet hoping against hope that some desirable organization in some desirable location will have just the right open position that meets our pay requirements, experience, values, and skills. Occasionally, we find those, but usually we have to settle for something that’s just “good enough.” 
 Once we finally find that good enough position, there is the usually obnoxious and occasionally degrading process of actually applying for the job. If you’re lucky, all you have to do is email them your resume and cover letter. In my experience, however, it’s usually worse. Usually, you have to spend ninety minutes filling out an online application that contains all of the information in your carefully constructed resume, then uploading your actual resume, and you still have to write the cover letter. 
 Oh, the cover letter. In three to five paragraphs introduce yourself to a stranger, explain how you meet all twelve required qualifications, plus three of the preferred qualifications, and explain why you want to work for this particular wonderful organization that you probably just heard of for the first time. Also, do so in a punchy dynamic way that doesn’t waste anyone’s time because the people sorting through these things don’t have time to read them, anyway. And keep it to one page. 
 The system sucks. 
 It’s really amazing that anyone ever gets a job that they’re happy with. 
 I got my first library job in 2005; my first full-time job in 2008. I was able to use that job to go to library school for only 25% of tuition, beginning in 2011. I finally graduated in 2015 and spent two-and-a-half years applying for jobs across the country before finally landing a better job 1,600 miles away from home. This “better job,” by the way, is STILL not a “professional” librarian job. That’s now more than thirteen years’ experience and three-and-a-half years after my Master’s degree and I still don’t have “Librarian” printed on my official business cards. 
 Finding a job is hard. No one should blame you if you simply give up and become a Lyft driver, instead. But if you want to stick it out there are opportunities, even if they’re not the ones you dreamed about. In 2017 I moderated a roundtable discussion at the Missouri Library Association’s annual conference called, “Job Seekers’ Support Group: Navigating the Horrible Valley of Library Job Searching.” I had the idea at the 2016 conference when I saw a need as a frustrated library graduate in a dead-end job. When they asked for session ideas for the following year I submitted. Then, I forgot about it. Then, I got a job a third of the way across the country. 
 While this session wasn't your traditional conference presentation, I did prepare a few slides for conversation aids. I’ll take the opportunity, here, to elaborate on my points; hopefully to the benefit of everyone. 
 MY BIGGEST FRUSTRATIONS 
 
 Application forms:  Discussed above. 
 Lack of salary range posting/”salary commensurate with experience”:  Most of us have a bare minimum that we can earn to preserve the relative financial health of our family. Not posting the range, especially when it’s a publicly funded organization, just makes it look like they’re ashamed of the number they are actually offering. Furthermore, can anyone properly define “commensurate with experience”? 
 _HR Black Hole : _More than half of all job applications are not responded to in any way. 
 _Disingenuous Interviewers : _The St. Louis County Library once scheduled a telephone interview with me that lasted approximately thirty seconds and was no more than three questions long. Even if the interviews are cursory, because HR policy requires a minimum number, hiring managers should show their prospective employees some simple human dignity and not waste their time. 
 Demanding 3+ years of professional experience for entry-level work:  This is common across all professions, but made worse by the market glut in librarianship. 
 Post mortem second guessing:  Probably worse than anything else for our self-esteem is the critical introspection we do after the interview. “How did I fail?” “What did I say wrong?” etc. Ninety percent of the time your personal performance has nothing to do with your employability for that position. 
 _Being abandoned at the airport : _All would-be employers owe you basic human dignity. If they can’t get their act together, it’s not a place you want to work, anyway. Also, don’t apply to work at the  University of Cincinnati , who abandoned me at the airport. 
 
 MY BIGGEST MISTAKES 
 
 _Bad attitude/Bad-mouthing my current employer : _I worked in a toxic workplace, and that fact would occasionally come off of me in waves of despair and desperation. Do everything you can to not badmouth your current employer, no matter how awful it is. If nothing else, stick to the facts, and not your feelings. 
 _Not sending “Thank you” notes : _I’m skeptical of the efficacy of “Thank you” notes, but I never got a job in which I did not send them. 
 _Not updating your Resume/CV with correct information : _If they can’t find you, they can’t hire you. 
 _Not asking questions : _It doesn’t matter how well you think you understand the job or the organization. If you don’t ask questions you will seem arrogant or disinterested. Both are bad. If nothing else, ask questions to reiterate your understanding of the position. 
 _Not taking notes : _Much like asking questions, taking notes shows your interest and engagement in the position and organization. 
 _Not reading job postings closely enough : _Make sure you know EXACTLY what position you are interviewing for, not some broad description of the type of job. 
 _Presentations too broad : _When asked to give a presentation, be sure to show that you have deep knowledge of a particular topic, not just that you only understand the broad concepts. 
 _Getting too emotional : _Similar to the bad-mouthing caution; being unable to control your emotions will show you as someone who can’t handle stressful situations. 
 
 BEST ADVICE 
 
 DON’T TAKE IT PERSONALLY  : Capitalized because I can’t say it loudly enough. Your personal worth has nothing to do with whether or not you got the job. 
 Dress for the job you want  : I wore a tie for every single job I ever interviewed for, and a suit for every in-person interview. How one dresses always advertises two things: 1) What you think of yourself, and 2) What you think of others. If you want to be treated with respect, dress in such a way that shows respect. 
 Never say “no” to an interview  : Even if it’s not exactly the job you want, there is nothing that can replace interview experience. You never have to take any job offered to you. 
 _Be flexible/Apply outside your comfort zone, within reason : _We all started out on this journey knowing exactly the kind of librarian we wanted to be. The fact is there are probably other areas in which we could be happy or successful. Take a risk. 
 _Make them say “no” to you : _Don’t do their work for them. You have nothing to lose by trying for a job. Present your best self with confidence and place the ball in their court. 
 _Search nationwide : _This may be the hardest piece of advice. The facts are that there are far more librarians than library positions. That job at your child’s elementary school may not open up, or you may not get it. If you are going to be successful you MUST apply for jobs outside your geographic area. If you can’t do that then I’m afraid you’ve wasted your time and your money getting that library degree. 
 _Don’t give up : _Any library job is better than no library job. If you keep at it, and take every opportunity to learn new skills and improve the ones you already have, then you will get something somewhere. 
 
 Hopefully, now that I’ve been able to get a better job than I had when I submitted the session idea gives me some credibility. Hopefully, this post will help someone else struggling to endure in their job search. There is currently no reason for me to look for a job, thankfully, but there likely will come a time when I’m ready to move on and need to enter the fray again. I can only hope that I can remember these lessons when the time comes. 
 To reiterate, my most important advice that I can give is 
 
 Don’t take it personally. 
 Be flexible. 
 Look nationwide. 
 
 I want you to be successful, too. To end I’ll paraphrase the greatest philosopher of my life:  Kermit the Frog . Life’s like a movie. Make your own ending. Keep believing. Keep pretending. I did just what I set out to do. You can, too. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Job Searching ,  Professional Development ,  Professionalism ,  Reflection Tagged  Academic Librarianship ,  Academic Libraries ,  Interviews ,  Job Searching ,  Kermit the Frog ,  Librarian ,  Librarianship ,  Library ,  Muppets ,  Public Librarianship ,  Public Libraries 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Big Picture Librarian 
 Next Setting the Sail 
 6 thoughts on "Navigating the Horrible Valley of Librarian Job Searches" 
 
 Andrew Kosmowski  says: 
 
 December 1, 2018 at 07:00 
 I would say even apply for positions you know may not be the best fit for you and the potential employer because the employer may remember you for a different position better suited for your talents and then ask you to apply. Even if not hired in this circumstance, it is always good to be remembered. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 cmthelittlelibrarian  says: 
 
 December 1, 2018 at 22:06 
 Solid advice! 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  A La Carte: Winter 2019 - CILIP London 
 
 
 kinkkitten  says: 
 
 
 October 29, 2019 at 01:52 
 Thank you for writing this. It's something I needed to read right now. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 kinkkitten  says: 
 
 October 29, 2019 at 01:53 
 Thank you. This was something I needed to read right now. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 1. **Jeffrey** says:
 
 October 29, 2019 at 08:48 
 I'm glad you liked it. I hope it helped focus your thinking. Feel free to contact me if you need more support. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Tales of a Librarian on WordPress.com 
 Follow TOAL via Email... 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 …Or on Twitter. 
 My Tweets 
 My Voice 
 I write about my thoughts on the academic librarianship, my service philosophy, mental health in the workplace, and leadership. Occasionally, I veer off on tangents, but that list covers what I generally write about. 
 If you have a suggestion for a topic I'm taking requests. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Top Posts 
 
   
 
 Surviving a Toxic Work Place 
 Librarian Blogs I Read 
 
 The Librarian Parlor 
 ACRLog 
 Academic Librarian 
 David Lee King 
 Jenny Arch 
 Mr. Library Dude 
 
 Tags 
 Academic Librarianship   Academic Libraries   Access Services   Interviews   Job Searching   Leadership   Librarian   Librarianship   Library   Library School   Library Science   MO   Professionalism   St. Louis   UMSL 
 Goodreads 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
