Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Intern 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Spruce Grove, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
10-110 Campsite Rd, Spruce Grove, Alberta, T7X 3Z3 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Here at Loblaw, we take pride and ownership in helping Canadians live life well. We’re looking for talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience for our Pharmacy customers and delighting them every step of the way! We can offer progressive careers, comprehensive training, flexibility and a great benefits package! Come share our vision and passion in delivering a superior customer experience. Be a part of our growing Health & Wellness philosophy that includes: Pharmacy, Dietitian, Medical and Optical services. 
 We look to provide practical experience for future pharmacists in a community pharmacy. Our retail/community environment will provide real world training to enhance academic experience. Students will learn about the expanding roles of community pharmacists. We operate under various banners in Ontario including Zehrs, Fortinos, Loblaws, No Frills, and Your Independent Grocer. 
 What we offer: 
 
 Expose students to the practice of pharmacy in a community setting. 
 Enhance communication skills with patients, employees, and other health care workers. 
 Enhance students' knowledge of OTC products, disease state management, drug therapy, and patient counseling skills (including MEDSCHECK under direct supervision of a pharmacist). 
 Teach skills necessary to manage a retail pharmacy. 
 Prepare future pharmacists to be successful in a community setting. 
 
 We currently are located in 233 locations throughout the province. As our requirements change on a regular basis, it is difficult at this time to indicate the specific locations for EPE Placements. We will work to accommodate student location preferences where possible. Please check www.drugstorepharmacy.ca for our locations in Ontario. 
 If you want to join a fast-paced winning team and believe you can have an immediate impact, then we want to hear from you! 
 Apply today! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
