  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Account Manager, France 
 at Adzuna 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤25000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤25000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 About us: 
 Adzuna is a job search engine that lists every job, everywhere. From launch in the UK in 2011, we now have more than 10 million visitors a month and are busy conquering the world from our office in West London, helping millions of people find better, more fulfilling jobs. 
 The role: 
 Adzuna's success to date has been down to the skills, hard work and determination of the brilliant and diverse group of people we have hired across the globe. Right now, we're looking for an Account Manager to join the company's fastest growing European market, France. This is an incredible opportunity to take our ambitious 2021 plans to the next level, making a difference by retaining and growing our French client base with the support of a first class team based in our London HQ. 
 You'll be joining our diverse international team and working alongside Ludivine, our French Country Manager. The team will benefit from your experience to date but even more important is the passion you bring to work every day. You will strive for excellence, try new things, inspire and engage those around you and feel ownership of overall company success as well as pride in doing your bit. 
 What's in it for you? 
 What's in it for you? Adzuna is a growing scale-up, championing real change in the job market globally - using the power of tech to match people to better, more fulfilling jobs. We're at a really pivotal time in our journey, and it's an exciting moment to join. We're growing rapidly in France in particular on the back of cutting-edge programmatic technology, expanding our labour market data offerings and growing year-on-year (and hiring!) despite COVID-19. 
 Like everyone here, you will act like an owner, be a team player and make a difference. It's an opportunity to work with a smart team led by experienced management and dedicated and passionate Founders. 
 It's not an easy feat, but our aim is to create a business of which we are all proud and an environment where you will love to be, where you can be yourself to do what you do best. We offer a fun, entrepreneurial working environment, a competitive package including stock options, professional development and training sessions from industry leaders, and a monthly social calendar all centred in a great West London location. 
 Requirements 
 Key responsibilities will include: 
 Account Management: 
 
 Managing a set list of existing clients and delight them! 
 Developing existing accounts and accompany their growth within the business 
 Identifying and foreseeing issues, before the client and proactively resolve them 
 Building effective working relationships with current client base to enable smooth transition from new business to an account managed service 
 Reviewing and analysing the client's materials and recommending ways for more efficient delivery of their job advertising campaigns, to help them get better return on their spend 
 Working to understand the client's motivations for success and working towards achieving that 
 
 General: 
 
 Have a complete understanding of Adzuna's proposition; products and services to enable all customers' needs be serviced (we'll teach you this!) 
 Liaise closely with the Marketing & Sales teams focussed on other markets to ensure continued world-class user experience for all current and prospective clients 
 Report back any competitive information / sales trends you feel would be useful to the business 
 Research opportunities and competition 
 Document sales trends and customer/prospect feedback and report back to management 
 Support the France Country Manager (and possibly other members of the international team) on larger accounts and miscellaneous administrative tasks 
 
 We don't like to put people in boxes, but you're likely to be able to demonstrate experience of, or aptitude for much of the below: 
 Experience: 
 
 0-2 years of work experience 
 Excellent rapport builder/ people skills with passion for great customer service 
 Experience using MS Office suite or Google Workspace/G Suite 
 Demonstrable negotiation skills 
 Fluency in English and French (strong communication skills, both verbal and written) 
 
 It's a bonus if you have: 
 
 A good understanding of online advertising ideally with CPC and CPA models/ pricing 
 Prior experience in account management 
 Used tools such as Google Analytics and CRM applications 
 Experience in retail, hospitality or any other customer facing role 
 Any additional language skills (for example Dutch) 
 
 Personal Characteristics: 
 
 Enjoy working to daily, weekly and monthly targets whilst maintaining a flexible positive attitude 
 Strong numerical skills 
 Show a desire to make decisions, take ownership and make judgement calls 
 Highly organised with great attention to detail 
 Ambitious, energetic and smart person who enjoys building strong relationships with their clients and team alike 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Reward We offer a competitive financial package which includes competitive salary, stock options, a contributory pension scheme and Perks at Work. 
 Wellbeing: We take the wellbeing of our employees seriously and have taken every step possible to protect the health and wellbeing of our people during COVID-19. Amongst other things, we offer healthcare through Babylon Health, access to free counselling and a programme of wellbeing activities and events. We have a flexible working policy and during COVID-19, for the foreseeable, no one is expected back in the office unless they choose to attend. We also run regular wellbeing workshops, offer enhanced maternity and paternity leave because we welcome people with families, and 25 days paid holiday per year 
 Training: Through our Adzuna Academy training programme, attending (virtual) conferences, team training budgets, individual development plans and coaching from experienced and supportive peers and managers. 
 Fun stuff: An environment that is thoughtfully designed to allow for work and play including (when we're not restricted by COVID-19) a roof terrace, bar and table tennis. We have a packed social calendar, twice annual global team get-togethers and an enviable culture thanks to the amazing and smart people who make Adzuna a great place to work. Much of this is all done remotely at the moment of course - even during COVID-19 we are still managing to have a lot of fun 'together' thanks to our great Social Committee. 
 
 A bit more about Adzuna 
 Adzuna is a smarter, more transparent job search engine used by tens of millions of visitors per month. We love using the awesome power of technology to bring together every job in one place, help match people to better, more fulfilling jobs and keep the world working. 
 Adzuna.co.uk is a 100 person business operating across 16 territories and was founded in 2011 by Andrew Hunter and Doug Monro, formerly of eBay, Gumtree, Qype and Zoopla. 
 We are backed by leading Venture Capital firms Passion Capital, LocalGlobe, Index Ventures and Smedvig Capital. 
 We've spent a decade developing smarter, more transparent job search so jobseekers worldwide (we're in 16 countries) can zero in on the right role faster. 
 We also supply real-time data to the Number 10 Dashboard and Office for National Statistics labour market indices. In 2018, Adzuna won the contract to run Find a job, one of the British government's most used online services. 
 We treat jobseekers as people not as products. We do the same for our team, seeing the diverse range of strengths they bring to our business. Regardless of background, race, gender, sexuality or ability, we welcome everyone to our team. Our people are the most important asset we have. 
 Please let us know if we need to accommodate a disability during the hiring process, so that we can give you the support you need. 
 Proud member of the Disability Confident employer scheme 
 Published at 4 Jan 2021 - Expires on 4 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Adzuna 
 fulltime  Strategy Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __14-09-2020 
 fulltime  Campaign Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-10-2020 
 fulltime  Global Partnerships Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __25-11-2020 
 fulltime  B2B Marketing Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-12-2020 
 fulltime  Agency Lead Germany  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Perl Developer  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Development Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Customer Success Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
