Skip to content 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 Contact 
 Reading tips 
 
 Qurious about hospital logistics 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 Contact 
 Reading tips 
 
 Archive 
 
 Jun 2020 
 Apr 2020 
 Feb 2020 
 Jan 2020 
 Nov 2019 
 Sep 2019 
 Aug 2019 
 Jun 2019 
 May 2019 
 Apr 2019 
 Feb 2019 
 Jan 2019 
 Dec 2018 
 Nov 2018 
 Sep 2018 
 Aug 2018 
 Jul 2018 
 Jun 2018 
 May 2018 
 Apr 2018 
 Mar 2018 
 Feb 2018 
 Jan 2018 
 Dec 2017 
 Nov 2017 
 Oct 2017 
 Sep 2017 
 Aug 2017 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Skip to content 
 Qurious about hospital logistics 
 my PhD notebook 
 'Nice job colleagues, but does it also work in theory?' - part 1 
 Posted on  27 Aug 201717 Nov 2017  by  annelies van der ham 
 _A hospital moves into a state-of-the-art new building, in which all processes are supported by advanced ICT. Short after the opening of the new hospital both the building and the ICT do not seem to support the way patients and staff use it. Waiting rooms are empty - which sounds like great news - but it is not because there is no waiting. People are sitting in other places than what is the idea and doctors searching for their patient, have to shout along the corridor for the next one. Administration staff working in front offices complain that they have lost communication with their backoffice colleagues. Not long after, due to financial deficits, the hospital is forced to reduce the staff. _ 
 Another new hospital opens its doors. In the first weeks working at the new Operating Theatre Complex (OR) there are serious issues: by lack of storage space, materials get stuck in hallways and expensive operating space is used as storage room. The logistical processes have not been organized to deliver materials just-in-time. The operations and safety of the OR are at stake. The hospital needs to rebuild the entire OR. 
 Yet another hospital needs rebuilding and renovation as some facilities do not meet modern standards. Rebuilding the entire hospital is not feasible, financially and the local authorities are not very cooperative with permits. It is decided to leave the outpatient and daycare in the existing facilities and to rebuild the clinical parts in the same region. From a logistical perspective this will lead to substantial increase of operational cost. Doctors oppose as travelling daily between two locations costs time. After years of designing the new hospital and preparing it to be built, the plans are put on hold. 
 Two hospitals merge into one hospital, while both hospitals are rebuilding their facilities. Their plans are discussed by the banks: why build two complete hospitals with everything new in the same region and one organization? It is decided that the two hospitals will be serviced by one sterilization facility. The hospital that lost its 'own' sterilization department, suffer from failures in the delivery of sterilized medical equipment by the central sterilization facility. Staff experience a lot of stress and failure costs are high. After a few years of improvement attempts one hospital location decides to outsource the sterilization of their equipment to a commercial sterilization company, while the other hospital sticks to their own sterilization department. Economies of scales are nowhere to be found. 
 Having seen these situations between 2006 and 2016 I went from curious, amazed, sometimes cynical on a bad day. Why is it that we rebuild or transform hospitals into something logistically worse? What is behind that, if anything? To me, the link between what was aimed for strategically and the operational outcome was unclear. Research on hospital mergers seem to set the same diagnosis; they do not seem to result in better hospitals. And every new hospital building seemed to lead to newspaper headlines of a hospital in financial need. 
 Inspired by all this? That is not the right word. But to blame it to anything or anyone, that was too easy. The issues seem to occur in so many hospitals. The people who work there are intelligent and devoted people. What was going on then? At some point I cleared my agenda for a couple of days and started writing down what I had seen, what was puzzling me and how I thought that a logistical perspective would be useful. 
 Dit delen: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 4 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostThe journey, not the destination 
 Next Post‘Nice job colleagues, but does it also work in theory?’ – part 2 
 4 thoughts on "'Nice job colleagues, but does it also work in theory?' - part 1" 
 
 
 Pingback:  What do we get from literature on hospital logistics | Qurious about hospital logistics 
 
 
 Pingback:  Hospital strategy and logistics: separate worlds? | Qurious about hospital logistics 
 
 
 Pingback:  Centralization without hierarchy: a ground for organizational firework? | Qurious about hospital logistics 
 
 
 Pingback:  My first journal paper now available open access | Qurious about hospital logistics 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
