Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Moores Clothing For Men Retail Sales Associate 
 Moores 
 __Vaudreuil-Dorion, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 What we do matters at Moores Clothing of Canada, a division of Tailored Brands, and we are hiring Customer Service Sales Associates to help people love how they look. At Moores, we provide a personal, convenient, one of a kind retail shopping experience tailored personally to each customer’s lifestyle. As a Customer Service Sales Associate you would support our brand commitments by partnering with the store management team and sales consultants to create unique product presentations and deliver operational excellence. Come experience our engaging workplace focused on teamwork, growth, and respect. 
 It is our vision to provide an engaging workplace focused on teamwork, growth, and respect. Come experience our extraordinary culture built upon these guiding principles: live the Golden Rule, practice teamwork, have respect for each other, be trustworthy, and keep an open mind and heart. What a great place to work! We are always looking for talented and unique individuals to join our team. Take the first step towards your new career opportunity today! 
 Responsibilities: 
Learn and demonstrate tuxedo product knowledge including sizing, style, and accessory options 
Assist in the tailor shop as directed by management 
Assist with all customer needs, such as alterations appointments, pick-ups, special order requests and sales. 
Properly measure customers and assist in style selection 
Meet and maintain benchmark retail sales goals 
Market the store tuxedo rental business by attending bridal shows and marketing to prom customers as directed by management 
 Requirements: 
Thrive in a fast-paced and competitive sales environment 
Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends and holidays 
Ability to distinguish between fabric patterns and colors 
Maintain a professional, well-groomed appearance 
Prior customer service experience preferred 
 Work Locations:  00129 Vaudreuil, QC 3210 Boul De La Gare Vaudreuil J7V 8W5 
 Job:  Sales Support 
 Organization:  Moores 
 Shift:  Day Job 
 Zone:  B 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
