MiracleWorkers - the #1 site for Healthcare jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-NC-Youngsville 
 Posted:  1/19/2021 
 Closing:  2/18/2021 
 Degree:  Not Specified 
 Employment Type:  Per Diem 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 Medical Asst-Adv. Youngsville 
 Person Memorial Hospital 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Medical-Asst-Adv--Youngsville/J3P7NM74KGCPSHKH6BR 
 Job description 
 Person Memorial Hospital 
 An advanced medical assistant provides exceptional patient care by assisting in the delivery of medical care with compassion, efficiency, and accuracy. 
 Duties: 
 1. Triage incoming patients; perform CPR and other emergency measures, if necessary. 
 2. Escort patients to exam rooms; take histories and vital signs; prepare patients for examination. 
 3. Assist providers in examination and treatment of patients, minor surgeries, and physicals. 
 4. Stock and set up exam rooms with necessary equipment and supplies. 
 5. Clean and sterilize instruments. 
 6. Perform phlebotomy and IV treatment in accordance with company protocol. 
 7. Process referral and prior authorization requests in accordance with company protocol. 
 8. Utilize electronic medical software to record patient information in compliance with HIPAA/confidentiality guidelines. 
 9. Dispense medication as directed by providers. 
 10. Collect and process lab specimens. 
 11. Perform glucose monitoring. 
 12. Provide wound care and perform suture removal as directed by provider. 
 13. Communicate with patient, pharmacy, and physician inquiries within the scope of practice; involve provider as needed. 
 14. Perform accurate and timely input of data into EMR and Clockwise. 
 15. Start peripheral IV's and administer IV fluids. 
 16. Calculate drug dosages; administer limited IV medications as trained and under the direction of the provider. 
 17. Administer IM, SQ, and oral medications as trained and under the direction of the provider. 
 18. Administer aerosol treatments. 
 19. Apply splints and dressings. 
 20. Obtain and maintain emergency airways. 
 21. Administer oxygen therapy. 
 22. Perform phlebotomy. 
 Job requirements 
 Minimum Requirements: 
 
 Successful completion of training by accredited paramedic training program. 
 3 years clinical experience preferred. 
 ACLS and PALS completed by the completion of the clinical orientation 
 Ability to use practice management, EMR, and Clockwise preferred. 
 Professional appearance and manner expected. 
 
 Equal opportunity and affirmative action employers and are looking for diversity in candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Medical-Asst-Adv--Youngsville/J3P7NM74KGCPSHKH6BR 
