Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Deputy Sheriff 1-2 (Provincial Transport NNSCF) 
 Province of Nova Scotia 
 __Thorburn, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Competition # :  27951 
 Department:  Justice 
 Location:  THORBURN 
 Type of Employment:  Permanent 
 Union Status:  NSGEU - NSPG 
 Closing Date:  12/9/2020 
 About Us 
 The Court Services Division of the Nova Scotia Department of Justice is dedicated to excellent service and the provision of fair and accessible administration of justice, including court administration and security. 
 The Division provides administrative support to the courts listed: Nova Scotia Court of Appeal, Supreme Court of Nova Scotia (including Family Division), Provincial Court, Family Court, Small Claims Court, Probate Court and Bankruptcy Court. The courts act independently from the government to address individual cases. 
 For more information on the Department of Justice Court Services please visit our website: 
 https://novascotia.ca/just/Court_Services/ 
 About Our Opportunity 
 As part of a team, the Deputy Sheriff 1-2 is responsible for providing comprehensive support to all levels of court on matters pertaining to court security, prisoner transportation, jury management, and court orders. 
 As a Deputy Sheriff 1-2, you will be accountable for the timely, safe and efficient escort and transportation of persons in custody, young offenders, and mental health patients both to and from correctional institutions, hospitals, and police agencies. You will also be responsible for providing security to all levels of court in the province and court property. 
 Primary Accountabilities 
 Responsibilities include: 
Maintain order and security in the court 
Maintain the proper operation of the cell block 
Ensure that prisoners and/or others in detention are transported safely by fleet vehicle 
Ensure that all aspects of court orders relating to criminal and civil procedures are complied with and executed or served properly 
As required, assist Sheriff in conducting Sheriff sales and/or seizure of real and personal property 
Develop risk assessments respecting cases and individuals before the court, prisoners being transported, and civil document services in the community 
Remain proficient in all required use of force options and other physical use of force skills 
Create factual reports, maintains records and travel expenses, electronic and written 
Responsible for the safe keeping of government vehicles, equipment and personal effects of prisoners 
Conducts DNA testing and obtains fingerprints as required 
 Qualifications and Experience 
 You have graduated from a recognized law enforcement training institution. High school completion and an equivalent combination of training and experience in a law enforcement environment may be acceptable. 
 The following are requirements in this position: 
A valid driver’s licence 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Computer literacy (the position involves using applications such as word processing spreadsheets and email systems) 
 The following would be considered assets: 
Training in Use of Force, Crisis Intervention, De-escalation and Conducted Energy Weapons 
Training in defensive and emergency vehicle operation 
Understanding of the Criminal Code and/or Federal Statutes 
Knowledge of Courthouse operations 
Experience compiling written reports 
 As a Deputy Sheriff, you will serve as a role model in the community and to clients. As such, it is essential that you possess integrity, sound observation, decision making and problem-solving skills, and the ability to respond effectively in crisis situations. 
 We will assess the above qualifications using one or more of the following tools: written examination, standardized tests, oral presentations, interview(s), and reference checks. 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information. 
 Equivalency 
 Include, but not limited to: 
One year of full-time, directly related, work experience (i.e. policing, military, correctional officer, security) 
Five years of continuous full-time employment, does not need to be in a related field 
 Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must demonstrate such equivalencies in their application. 
 Benefits 
 Based on the employment status and Union agreement, the Government of Nova Scotia offers its employees a wide range of benefits such as Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Pension, General Illness (Short and Long Term), Vacation and Employee and Family Assistance Programs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
