Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work: Inequality on stage, Apple@40, 'job crafting' & odd interview questions 
 April 4, 2016April 4, 2016 Eileen Kohan 
 As the economy continues to improve, and include workers who had given up, playwrights are staging works that reflect the continued struggle and inequity in the workplace. This week@work we celebrate Apple@40, take a look at 'job crafting' as a way to reimagine work and pose a few interview questions. 
 Nelson D. Schwartz  and  Neil Irwin  reported  'Jobs and Wages Notching Gains Long In Coming'  for the New York Times. 
 " Companies have been hiring in recent months at a pace not seen before in this century. Wages are rising faster than inflation. Joblessness is hovering near the low levels last reached in 2007 before the economy’s downturn. 
 And perhaps most significantly, the army of unemployed people who gave up and dropped out of the job market is not only looking for work, but actually finding it. 
 “Wages and participation are where the rubber meets the road,” said Michael Gapen, chief United States economist at Barclays. “We will take our cue about the overall strength of the economy based on that.” 
 At the same time, the chasm widens between the average worker, still trying to recover with modest wage gains, and the quantum leaps in compensation for the wealthy. 
 It's this divergence that is reflected in several theater productions, under the heading  'Haves and have-nots: Putting America’s financial inequality on the stage' . The Economist article reviews  'The Humans' ,  'Hungry' ,  'Hold On To Me Darling' ,  'The Way West' ,  'Dry Powder' , and  'Red Speedo'  to illustrate how the economy and work are inspiring a generation of playwrights. 
 " There is something familiar about the Blakes, the American family at the centre of “The Humans”, a new play by Stephen Karam that is now on Broadway. Anyone who has navigated the emotional minefield of a family meal will recognise the affectionate way they bicker, their barbs softened with tenderness. But something else about this family will also resonate with a growing group of Americans: each member is struggling financially. 
 This conversation resembles countless others across the country, as Americans try to make sense of an economy in which working hard is no longer enough to afford a comfortable life. Parents who assumed that their children would surpass their own accomplishments are now startled to find so many of them sweating over rent and saddled with college debt. What does it take to get ahead? Why does the system create so few haves and so many have- nots? " 
 This past week marked the 40th anniversary of Apple. In his  commencement speech  to the Stanford class of 2005, co-founder Steve Jobs recalled the journey from start-up to his firing by the Board of Directors. 
 " I was lucky — I found what I loved to do early in life. Woz and I started Apple in my parents' garage when I was 20. We worked hard, and in 10 years Apple had grown from just the two of us in a garage into a $2 billion company with over 4,000 employees. We had just released our finest creation — the Macintosh — a year earlier, and I had just turned 30. And then I got fired. How can you get fired from a company you started? Well, as Apple grew we hired someone who I thought was very talented to run the company with me, and for the first year or so things went well. But then our visions of the future began to diverge and eventually we had a falling out. When we did, our Board of Directors sided with him. So at 30 I was out. And very publicly out. What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone, and it was devastating. 
 We know the rest of the story. Jobs returned to Apple in 1997.  David Pierce  and  Michael Calore  identify  'Fifteen Products That Defined Apple's First 40 Years' . 
 #1 the iPhone 
 " If you want to understand the iPhone's importance to Apple, just look at its earnings. But it's not just that: Without it, our phones might still look like BlackBerries. We might never have learned to pinch to zoom. We might all carry point-and-shoots. It's almost impossible to overstate the revolution the iPhone started in 2007, which has touched and connected billions of people around the world." 
 If you prefer to digest ideas via podcast, add NPR's  Hidden Brain  to your subscription list. Last week's installment featured host Shankar Vedanta in  conversation  with Yale's Amy Wrzesniewski on finding meaning in our work. 
 _" Why do you work? Are you just in it for the money or do you do it for a greater purpose? Popular wisdom says your answer depends on what your job is. But psychologist Amy Wrzesniewski at Yale University finds it may have more to do with how we think about our work. Across groups such as secretaries and custodians and computer programmers, Wrzesniewski finds people about equally split in whether they say they have a "job," a "career" or a "calling." _ 
 According to Wrzesniewski's research  " people who see work as a calling are more satisfied, engaged, and better performers" . These are folks who  " go beyond notice"  to craft the boundaries of their job to make work more meaningful. 
 The last story from this week@work is about interview questions. File it under the query, 'What was the oddest question you were asked in an interview?', from recruiting site,  glassdoor.com . 
 Here's a  sample : 
 " What would the name of your debut album be?"  (Urban Outfitters) 
 " What would you do if you found a penguin in your freezer?"  (Trader Joe's) 
 And here's one that we should all be prepared to answer. 
 " If you were a brand, what would be your motto?"  (BCG) 
 Think about it, and have a great week@work. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  career ,  creativity ,  economy ,  job search ,  week@work ,  work thoughts  Tags:  15 Apple products ,  Amy Wrzesniewski ,  Apple@40 ,  David Pierce ,  Dry Powder ,  economy ,  glassdoor.com ,  Haves and have-nots ,  Hidden Brain ,  Hold On To Me Darling ,  Hungry ,  inequality as theater ,  interview questions ,  job crafting ,  jobs and wages ,  Michael Calore ,  Neil Irwin ,  Nelson D. Schwartz ,  NYT ,  playwrights ,  Red Speedo ,  Shankar Vedantam ,  The Economist ,  The Humans ,  The Way West ,  Wired 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Saturday Read 'Seven Brief Lessons On Physics' by Carlo Rovelli 
 What do you do? Crafting an answer of identity @work -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
