  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  £25 - £35 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Band 6 RMN 
 Are you looking for a new challenge? Do you have a passion for helping others? Do you have previous experience supporting Older Adults with Dementia? 
 Service Care Solutions are working with Nottinghamshire NHS to recruit an experienced Senior Nurse for a LOCUM contract within a Residential Setting in the Nottinghamshire area. 
 The service provides specialist support to Older Adults experiencing Dementia. 
 Hours: Full-time 
 Contract: Temporary (12 weeks - on going) 
 Banding: Band 6 
 Rates: 
Days - £25.00 LTD 
Sat/Nights - £30.00 LTD 
Sun/BH - £35.00 LTD 
 Location: Nottinghamshire 
 Job Purpose - Registered Mental Health Nurse (Mental Health) 
 The post holder will care for a diverse patient group and their families and responsibilities will include: 
, To provide realistic and timely support to patients within an inpatient setting 
, To provide supervision to junior staff members, peers and other professionals 
, To plan and promote effective treatment plans in collaboration with the patient's diverse needs, their carers and other professionals 
, Responsible for the safe monitoring and administration of medication as required by Trust policy 
, To maintain safeguarding responsibilities for children and vulnerable adults in line with Trust policy 
, To maintain competency and deliver best quality patient care 
, To undertake any other duties that would be a reasonable expectation of the role 
 Essential 
 Nursing Qualification 
NMC Registration 
 Desirable 
 Ability to use and provide clinical supervision 
 To be considered for these posts, you must be willing to complete the full NHS registration process. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
- Four weekly payroll runs 
- £250 training allowance 
- Excellent pay rates 
- Exceptional referral bonuses 
- Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
- Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
- Ltd & PAYE payment options available 
- Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 - DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 Did you know there are 3 EASY ways to increase your earnings, just by registering with Service Care Solutions? 
 , £150 Job Referral Bonus - If you're unhappy with your current agency or simply fancy a change, Service Care Solutions will give you £150 for bringing your current contract to us. 
 , £250 Referral Bonus - Simply refer your friend. 
 If they get the role, we'll give you £250. 
 That's £1000 if you refer 4 friends - easy money whilst helping out your friends and family! 
 , £150 Welcome Bonus - We are offering a Welcome Bonus of £150, paid after completion of two weeks in your new placement. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 Months + 
 
 
 Rate:  £25 - £35 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 16:55:51 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
