Skip to content 
 
 Facebook 
 Google Plus 
 Twitter 
 Youtube 
 Flickr 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 Who We Are 
 Youth Programs 
 
 Elementary & Middle School 
 High School 
 
 
 Educators 
 
 Writing Institute 
 C3WP 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 July 8, 2020   Southern NV Writing Project 
 Writing Institute Returns and Fellowship Opportunity for Early-Career Elementary Teachers 
 SNWP is excited to announce that our Writing Institute will return this fall.  We've redesigned the Institute into two, three-hour masters level courses at UNLV.  CIL 617 will take place this fall and focuses on writing project practices such as writer's response groups, teaching dilemmas, and becoming a writer as "the best teachers of writing are writers!"  CIL 618 will take place in the spring and focus on developing and implementing writing programs for communities (students, families, organizations).  Both classes will meet on Wednesday afternoons/evenings with the specifics (location and timing) to be determined closer to the start of the semester in late August. 
Additionally, SNWP is actively recruiting five fellows who will take both CIL 617 and CIL 618, and receive a $2000 grant upon the successful completion of both courses - which covers nearly the entire cost of this professional development experience. We are thankful to our partners -- the National Writing Project and the Panda Cares Foundation -- for bringing this fellowship opportunity to Southern Nevada.   **  Elementary teachers who have five years of classroom experience or less are eligible to apply for this fellowship.** 
 Finally, the cornerstone of the CIL 618 experience in the spring will be the development and implementation of a community writing program.  SNWP is committing resources to cover the cost of new-TCs implementing these programs in the Spring of 2021.  Our goal is to recruit at least an additional five educators for this cohort in addition to those who are selected as fellows for the Panda Cares Foundation grant. 
 Click here  if you'd like to nominate an educator for the Writing Institute or the Panda Cares Fellowship. The nomination form will close on Monday, July 20th. 
 Click here  if you'd like to apply for the Panda Cares Fellowship (new career elementary teachers only) or register your interest in the Writing Institute so that one of our co-directors may get in contact with you about how to get signed up (open to all educators). This form will close on Monday, July 27th to allow time for interviews for the fellowship and time to register for the classes in UNLV's system. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Published by Southern NV Writing Project 
  View all posts by Southern NV Writing Project  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Calling for Justice 
 New 2021 Dates Announced for Writing Has No Boundaries: K-12 Conference on Writing 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 
 SNWP Writing Institute  January 20, 2021 at 4:00 pm - 6:45 pm 
 SNWP Writing Institute  January 27, 2021 at 4:00 pm - 6:45 pm 
 SNWP Writing Institute  February 3, 2021 at 4:00 pm - 6:45 pm 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 %d bloggers like this: 
