
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Find Work From Home Jobs with Remote-Friendly Companies 
 __Tweet 10 
 __Pin 6K 
  __Share 252 
  __Share 2 
 6K Shares 
 Work From Home Jobs Now Hiring January 18, 2021! 
 Need a remote job? Here's a good place to start! Bookmark this page and check back weekly -- I update it every Monday! Psst: I've compiled a list of  196+ In Demand Remote Jobs for 2021  (and beyond). Be sure to check it out for extra remote job inspiration! 
 Want to find even more job leads without running into scams or wasting all your time searching? 
 Check out The Effortless Remote Job Search. You'll learn how to automate your job search (so jobs come to you), how to avoid scams, discover companies known to hire, and connect with staffing agencies that can place you in a position. 
 **The best part? It 's only $27. ** 
 Jump-Start Your Remote Job Search for Just $27 
 
 Content Editor & Copywriter 
 Accusonus is one of the fastest growing companies in the audio/video industry. Our innovative technology is used by millions of content creators around the globe. In accusonus, we are committed to serve the needs of our users and we know that this involves creating useful and engaging content for them. As our Content Editor you will help us develop impactful, captivating content that connects with our audiences and persuades our users to act. 
 Not sure if this is right for you? Find out  what it takes to become a content marketer  (even if you have zero experience). 
 View Job 
 Travel Coordinator 
 Seeking Independent Travel Coordinators to book travel all over the world. The goal is to help our clients to take their dream vacation, to make memories that they have for a lifetime. We give our clients the utmost respect that they deserve. We provide all the training you need to grow in the company. You will earn your travel certification to book travel. We have a great support system team that treats you like family. 
 View Job 
 Content Specialist (Contract) 
 We're looking for a Content Specialist to take our content production to the next level! In this highly collaborative role, you will work closest with our Content Marketing Manager to build and execute strategic content ideas. You'll be responsible for helping to support our content and social media strategies, contributing creative ideas, and deftly executing to ultimately attract and convert new students. You'll need a strong background in writing and must be ready to hit the ground running as a core member of a small team. As a content specialist with experience in the education or ed-tech space, you must be eager to learn new things and willing to step in and help elevate team strategies. 
 View Job 
 COVID Vaccination Scheduling Support (Seasonal) 
 The Advisor I, Customer Service position interfaces with customers via inbound calls, outbound calls, or through the Internet depending upon client requirements. This position provides customer service support and resolution of routine problems regarding client's product or services. 
 View Job 
 Social Media Manager 
 Are you a 'people person'? Tech-savvy? Love social media? Then we'd love to meet you! We're looking for a Community Manager who will act as the face and voice of the Codeverse brand and manage all of our online community communications -- including Facebook, Instagram, Tik Tok, Twitter and more. 
 View Job 
 Data Entry Specialist 
 The responsibilities include entering patient information into our software program. It will involve accessing various electronic medical records systems. Looking for a candidate who can type 50+ words per minute with accuracy and provide our customers with the highest quality product and customer service. Must at all times safeguard and protect the patient's right to privacy by ensuring that only authorized individuals have access to the patient's medical information and that all releases of information are in compliance with the request, authorization, company policy and HIPAA regulations. 
 * This is a remote position and can be located anywhere in the Eastern Time Zone. 
 View Job 
 Customer Support Representative 
 We are looking for dedicated individuals who can work independently in a fast-paced startup environment. The ideal candidate will have: 
 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Willingness and passion for understanding, helping and teaching customers 
 The curiosity to find new, better ways to solve problems 
 A strong passion to help teams succeed, and empathy with users 
 2 year+ experience in software customer support (ideally B2B) 
 Great visual communication skills 
 Remote working exp. 
 The ability to provide clear and concise guidance through emails, over the phone, video or in person 
 Availability to work some weekend shifts 
 
 View Job 
 Billing Associate 
 With rapid growth comes an influx of revenue! Openly is looking to add a Billing Associate to our operations team. This is a great opportunity for a candidate with an interest in accounting or billing to work in a fast-paced team environment! The Billing Associate is responsible for ensuring that policy payments are received, processed and applied to the correct policy. This role will regularly interface with external stakeholders as well as multiple internal departments. 
 View Job 
 Member Services Specialist 
 Our Call Center - Member Services Specialists provide exceptional member experience in all delivery channels and implement the Credit Union's Sales and Service standards by offering products and services to improve members' financial position. 
 We are currently seeking individuals who possess a great, positive attitude and the drive to succeed to join our growing team. 
 View Job 
 Customer Support for a Parking App 
 Our client is a non-profit organization that creates and maintains mobile solutions for transit and parking services for several municipalities, universities, and private parking facilities. Users download the app if the service is available in their city, and they are able to buy transit fare, parking space, and in some cases pay any citations online. 
 We're looking to provide primarily phone support and some ticket support to customers having issues with the apps, while directing clients and customers to the correct avenues for issue resolution. Some app troubleshooting will be required. 
 View Job 
 Work With Me. 
 Hey! I'm Ashlee Anderson, Certified Professional Career Coach and Forbes Coaches Council Member. I've also been  featured as a remote work expert in the Wall Street Journal  and  Yahoo Finance . 
 I enjoy working with remote job seekers to help them kick their cubicles to the curb. Are you next? 
 Need help as a remote job seeker? Let's work together on your career goals. I take a whole person approach to coaching that makes the most sense for  you and your circumstances ! 
 Check out some of my coaching services and remote work courses to learn more about remote work and how I can help you  smash your career goals . 
 Get Expert Help 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 Tired of spending all your time searching for remote jobs and little time actually applying to them? 
 Join the Effortless Remote Job Search and find: 
 
 Easy ways to automate your job search 
 Sources of 100% reliable remote jobs 
 Thousands of job leads 
 
 Join Now for Just $27 
 __Tweet 10 
 __Pin 6K 
  __Share 252 
  __Share 2 
 6K Shares 
  __Tweet 10 
 __Pin 6K 
  __Share 252 
  __Share 2 
 6K Shares 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
