[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 71 Work at home Jobs in High Demand 
 Published by  aw1219  on August 16, 2019August 16, 2019 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Are you looking for employment that has steady work? Would you like to  work from home  and receive full-time pay and hours? If your goal is to have a career rather than a  gig  you can perform on an as-needed basis, then you have come to the right place. 
 Here you will discover a few work at home jobs that are in high demand right now. Some of these jobs may require you to have a particular skill or previous experience while others do not. Many of these companies are currently hiring to fill these positions so don't delay and apply today. 
 Please join our Facebook groups to find out all the details about these companies and others and get access to additional work at home job leads that are in high demand. 
 Workersonboard Community 
 Real Work from Home Jobs  
 Transcribers 
 Transcription companies have a great need for people to transcribe audio and video into text. In fact, I find at least 20 transcription companies hiring remote transcribers every week. If you are looking for a work at home  data entry job , this is the next best thing because you will need to be a fast typer. This job requires minimal equipment and has steady work available. Some of the companies allow flexibility and a few pay their transcribers by the minute. You can try a few of these companies to apply to be a transcriber. You can make anywhere from $250 up to $950 a week depending upon how many hours you work. 
 3 Play Media 
 Alpha Sights 
 Atheron 
 Literably 
 Net Transcripts 
 Daily Transcription 
 GoTranscript 
 Allegis Transcription 
 GMR Transcription 
 TranscribeMe 
 Transcription for Everyone 
 Ubiqus 
 Speak Write 
 Way with Words 
 Visit the  transcription page  for additional companies that hire transcribers. 
 Tutors 
 If you enjoy helping students learn English, assist them with certain subjects or have previous experience teaching and tutoring then you can work from home and earn great pay as an online tutor. This job will always be in high demand because people love to learn new things. Most companies pay close to $20 per hour and up for you to tutor remotely working your own schedule. And they even hire tutors from various countries. 
 Course Hero 
 VIPKid 
 Education First 
 Chegg  
 Study Point 
 Interpreters 
 If you are fluent in English and/or another language, there are companies that will pay you even by the minute to help those with limited English speaking skills by interpreting for them over the phone. Interpreters can make above-average hourly pay. 
 CyraCom 
 Language Line Solutions  
 Gengo 
 Language Services Associates  
 Stratus Video 
 Telelanguage 
 
 iTi Translates 
 Proofreaders 
 There are a lot of people that need proofreaders to edit and check their content for mistakes, typos, etc and correct them. The reason for this is because they don't have time to do it themselves and would rather pay someone else to do it. Depending upon your expertise and abilities, proofreaders can expect to make up to $45,000 a year! 
 Cambridge Proofreading & Editing LLC 
 Clickworker 
 Managed Editing  
 Proofreading Services 
 UpWork 
 English Trackers 
 Editors 
 Edit books and other content from home as well as review manuscripts and even write content for some companies. You can earn up to $30 per hour in your spare time doing this job from home. 
 Aha 
 Coyle Hospitality 
 Gramlee 
 Cactus Global 
 Editor Live 
 idioma 
 TCK Publishing 
 WIRED 
 Writers 
 Companies and individuals are in constant need of people to write original, quality content for them on a regular basis. There is an abundance of online writing jobs available that you can apply to online. You can even get a writing job without necessarily having any previous writing experience. Some writers can earn close to $27 per hour depending upon the content, your skills, and company! All you need for this job is a computer with internet connection. You may need to do research from time to time as you write an article. 
 BKA Content 
 Constant Content 
 Cracked 
 Dot dash 
 Cracked 
 ListVerse 
 On Point at Home 
 Rank Pay 
 
 Scribe 
 Textbroker 
 Tut Toaster 
 Verblio 
 So many more listed on this page  here . 
 Narrators 
 If you have a great sounding voice and a home studio or access to one, you can work from home as a voice narrator. There are several companies including Amazon that needs people to narrate books and other content. Voice over actors can earn up to $300 for just one hour of work. There is an unlimited number of voice-over jobs you can do from home. Remember not to pay any fees to be in the database because there are other companies that do not charge one. 
 ACX 
 Earworks 
 Voice Bunny 
 Voice Jockey 
 Voices 
 You can find more companies by reading " Get paid to Record your Voice at Home " 
 Customer Service 
 Working from home taking calls from Fortune 500 and other companies right from your home office is in high demand. They need people to provide their customers with support and assist them with any problems they may encounter to retain them. You can find hundreds of customer service work at jobs on this blog on the  weekly job section ,  Friday freebie pages  and a few listed below. Most of them  pay hourly , hire in several states, and a few companies even provide you with  benefits , paid time off, give you  computer equipment , bonuses, and other  perks . 
 Alorica 
 Enterprise Rent a Car 
 HSN 
 TTEC 
 
 Uhaul 
 Live Ops 
 NexRep 
 Kelly Connect 
 Progressive Insurance 
 InfoCision 
 Sykes 
 Support.com 
 Transcom 
 Working Solutions 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  jobs in demand jobs in high demand top priority jobs top priority work at home jobs 
 Tags:  good paying at home jobs high demand work from home jobs top priority jobs urgent work at home jobs 
           
 
 1 Comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
