Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial & Rates Analyst 
 City of Calgary 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 If you are committed to public service, enjoy collaborating with others, share our values and have a desire to learn and grow, join The City of Calgary. City employees deliver the services, run the programs and operate the facilities which make a difference in our community. We support work-life balance and offer competitive wages, pensions, and benefits. Together we make Calgary a great place to make a living, a great place to make a life. 
 As a Financial and Rates Analyst in Finance supporting the Utilities & Environmental Protection department, you will perform financial, economic and rate impact analysis and forecasts. Primary duties include: 
Perform in-depth analysis of the rate structures for Water Utility and Waste & Recycling Services, demand and revenue by customer types, and billing processes. 
Monitor, analyze, and reconcile water consumption and production, rate revenues, and bad debt. 
Develop short and long range forecasts for rate revenue and bad debt, and report against budgets with explanations for variances and projections. 
Prepare documentation to detail rate change requirements and recommendations. 
Translate and present complex/technical rate information into plain language for stakeholders, Mayor and Council, Senior Management and responses to customer inquiries to convey the implications of rate and revenue changes. 
Work collaboratively with The Water Utility Customer Experience team and ENMAX. Attend and contribute to regular meetings with ENMAX. 
Participate in specialized financial studies, analysis, benchmarking and other ad hoc reporting/request as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
A degree in Business Administration, Commerce, or Economics and a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation is required. 
At least 4 years of experience with financial analysis, statistical and economic analysis, and revenue forecasting is required. 
Advanced skills in Excel and Business Intelligence tools are required. 
Success in this position also required strong interpersonal, problem solving, and communication skills. 
Pre-employment Requirements 
Successful applicants must provide proof of qualifications. 
 Union:  Exempt 
 Business Unit:  Finance 
 Position Type:  Permanent 
 Location:  625 25 Avenue SE 
 Compensation:  Level E $77,891 - 117,609 per annum 
 Days of Work:  This position works a 5 day 
work week with one day off in a 3 week cycle. 
 Hours of work:  Standard 35 hour work week 
 Audience:  Internal/External 
 Apply By:  December 9, 2020 
 Job ID #:  303489 
We value diversity of expertise, talent and opinion which creates an innovative and collaborative environment. 
We are committed to a respectful and inclusive workplace and welcome applications from all qualified individuals. 
Apply for Job 
 test 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
