Skip to primary content 
 TECHibid 
 Primarily tech. Occasionally misc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job Hunting 
 Posted on  September 27, 2017  by   jasonmfry 
 There's a Chuck Norris joke that goes, "Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting because hunting implies failure. Chuck Norris goes killing." I thought about titling this post "Job Killing" but that sounds terrible, so I stuck with "Job Hunting". This post is going to be short, more like an outline of a post, but I hope it's helpful and leads you to better places. 
 The steps to "job killing" 
 Seth Godin knows all about this, so if you want to dig deeper look for his stuff. Here's my brief list. 
 
 Make a list of places that need your skills. Separate the list into 3 groups: 1) don't want to work there, 2) want to work there, and 3)  really  want to work there 
 If you need practice interviewing, do all these steps with as many places from groups 1 and 2 above as you need in order to feel confident to amaze the companies in group 3 
 If you don't need practice in step 2, don't waste your time applying to the places you want to work. Instead, focus solely on the places you  really  want to work. Profile them. Stalk them. Find out everything about them. Who works there, what do they do, etc. An entire post, nay, book! could be written on this step, but I won't. 
 Network with everyone you can that works there. Go to events they are likely to attend. Connect via LinkedIn. Invite them to breakfast, lunch, tea, dinner, coffee, dessert,  anything  to get some time with them. When you meet them, that's your cover letter. But when you talk to them, don't make it all about "hire me please hire me oh please oh please." Listen to them. Ask good questions. Ask questions about their career or employer that they may not have heard before. But of course let them know you're looking for work. 
 After you've jumped through whatever digital hoops that company has setup that they call an "application process," send your resume directly to people at the company, preferably those you've already met. 
 Follow up with them in whatever way is appropriate to your industry. 
 
 I said this list was brief, and it is, but this should be a great framework upon which to build. 
 Networking 
 Large, open networks  get you jobs . Go to as many industry-specific  meetups  as you can. Go to industry-specific events in the community. Get to know people's names. Make sure people know your name, that you're looking for a job, and what job(s) you're looking for. For extroverts this stuff usually isn't too onerous. For introverts, read on. Actually, extroverts, we're terrible listeners sometimes, so you keep reading, too. 
 Networking for Introverts (and Extroverts Who Don't Listen Good) 
 What you want to get out of networking is a large, open network (see article linked above). That means lots of acquaintances, not best friends or necessarily even  friends  (I'm here making the distinction between friend and acquaintance based on level of intimacy, not whether you like them or not). And in order to do that you just have to make people feel good, which means listening well and asking good questions. Anyone can do that no matter what level of anxiety you have towards social gatherings. Ok, that last statement is naive, but if you have serious anxiety about this stuff, there are resources out there. Networking is super valuable. Get to it. 
 Some Links 
 7 Etiquette Tips to Make Professional Networking Less Scary 
 How Successful People Network 
 8 Ways To Be the Person Everyone Wants to Talk to at a Networking Event 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Beginner to Employed  by  jasonmfry . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 1 thought on "Job Hunting" 
 
 Pingback:  Updating Your Resume and Online Presence | TECHibid 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
