Skip to content 
 Middlebury Summer Swim Team 
 Menu 
 
 Registration & Fees 
 Practice 
 
 Practice Schedule 
 Practice Groups 
 
 
 Swim Meets 
 
 Schedule of Meets 
 Meet Sign-Ups: Swimmers and Officials 
 Meet Results 
 
 Summer 2019 
 Summer 2018 
 Summer 2017 
 Summer 2016 
 Summer 2015 
 
 
 Meet Jobs 
 Tips for Meets 
 Direction to Pools 
 
 
 Events 
 Gear 
 Coaches 
 Parents 
 
 Volunteer Sign-Ups 
 Concession Sign-Ups 
 Officials 
 Tips for Parents 
 Code of Ethics 
 Philosophy of Competition 
 Useful Links 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Meet Jobs 
 Timers  : Required for Home and Away Meets Timing is the most basic job at a dual meet and gives timers a front row seat at the meet. Timers are responsible for operating a stop watch in order to record a swimmer’s time in the Timer’s assigned lane. 
 All Timers must attend a Timers Meeting prior to the start of each meet at which s/he is a timer. A timer may share his/her responsibilities at any given meet with another parent if necessary. 
 Home meet requirements: 9 timers for the entire meet AND 1 Head/Back-up. Away meet requirements: 9 timers 
 Officials  : Required for Home and Away Meets Officials start the meet and judge starts, strokes, and turns to make sure that they are done correctly. Failure of a team to provide the required minimum number of officials will result in that team’s forfeiture of the meet. Officials make sure a meet is fair for all swimmers and provides the best seat in the house. No prior swimming experience/knowledge necessary. For information on becoming an official, please click  here . 
 Home meet requirements: 1 starter and 2 stroke and turn judges (preferably 3). Away meet requirements: 3 stroke and turn judges (sometimes a starter if the 
 Bullpen  : Required for Home and Away Meets The bullpen is where all the swimmers go to make sure they are put in the correct lanes and do not miss their event. At Middlebury we are known for running a very efficient bullpen. It is important that those parents running the bullpen get the swimmers seated in the proper lanes and have them ready to head to the blocks when it is time. Each swimmer will have a 3×5 card with his/her name, event, and heat and lane to make your job easier. The home team will swim in even numbered lanes and will have colored cards. The visiting team will swim in odd numbered lanes and will have white cards. 
 Home meet requirements: 1-2 bullpen organizers. Away meet requirements: 1-2 bullpen organizers 
 Runners  : Required for Home Meets ONLY, a runner collects the index cards from the timers and brings them to the scorer’s table. This job may be shared as necessary. 
 Home meet requirements: 1 Runner 
 Scorer’s/Timing Table:  Required for Home and Away Meets. This job requires the Timer stroke and turn judges host team cannot provide one) Scorer to go through the cards brought by the Runner to determine the correct number of points to award each team based on the order of the finish. Scorers also prepare the newspaper sheet and enter information into the computer. 
 Home meet requirements: 1 Scorer. Away meet requirements: 1 Scorer 
 Ribbon Distributor  : Required for Home Meets ONLY. Heat winners usually receive a ribbon from the organizing home team; the distributor will remain on deck during the entire meet. 
 Home meet requirements: 1 Ribbon Distributor 
 Concession Stand  : Required for Home Meets ONLY. Parents are needed at home meets to help sell food and beverages. The Concession Stand is a fundraiser for the team. It is also extremely helpful to families who do not have time to eat before a meet. 
 All families are asked to assist by bringing supplies as well as food and beverage items for sale at the concession stand. 
 Home meet requirements: 3-4 Concessions Persons 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
