Toggle navigation 
   
 
 Pet Sitting Business Tips
 
 Pet Business Marketing 
 
 
 Pet Sitting Excellence 
 Pet Emergency Planning
 
 Pet Health 
 Pet Products 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 Unusual Pet Careers - Pet Acupuncturist 
 Acupuncture is a therapy that orginated in China around 4000 years ago. The therapy aims to balance the bodies energy by stimulating selected points of the body using small thin needles. It is often used as an alternative therapy when conventional techniques are having adverse effects or when surgery is not feasible. It can also be used to keep the energy in the body of the pet in balance to prevent problems. 
 Usually accupuncture treatments last from 10 seconds to 30 minutes, depending upon the problem being treated. The treatment will be repeated 1-3 times per week for 4-6 weeks. A positive response is often (but not always) noticed within the first 4-6 treatments, sometimes earlier, depending on the condition treated.Some of the conditions that may respond to acupunture include: 
 
 
 Musculoskeletal conditions such as arthritis, hip dysplasia, intervertebral disc disease 
 
 
 Dermatological conditions such as chronic ear infections and chronic allergic dermatitis 
 
 
 Respiratory conditions such as asthma and chronic viral infections 
 
 
 Neurological conditions such as traumatic nerve injury and epilepsy 
 
 
 Gastrointestinal conditions such as chronic diarrhea and constipation. 
 
 
 Urogenital conditions such as chronic urinary infections, bladder stones or incontinence 
 
 
 The American Academy of Veterinary Medical Acupuncture, in conjunction with the Colorado State University College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical Sciences (CSU-CVMBS) and the Colorado Veterinary Medical Association offer a couse in Veterinary Acupunture at their website. Other courses are offered by the International Veterinary Accupunture Society. 
 Accupuncture is provided by some veterinarians as a supplementary service to their clients and others choose to specialize solely in holistic medicine techinques such as accupuncture. A directory of veterinary accupuncturists can be found online at the International Veterinary Accupuncture Society and the  American Academy of Veterinary Accupuncture . 
 Articles similaires 
 Pet Care Realities - Know the Good and the Bad 
 Wishbones for Pets - Pet Sitter Annual Community Event 
 What about owning a pet business? 
 Owning a pet business does not guarantee you success, but it is generally not difficult to set up your own pet business adn many who own pet businesses love the hard working lifestyle and the closeness to pets. You will have to compete with those who may be better trained, may have lower cost structures and those who “pretend” to have your skills and experience when they do not. (eg not all those who advertise themselves as groomers are actually Groomers). 
 Essential skills for working with dogs 
 There are also key skills that all dog industry professionals should possess. Here are some of the most critical skills and abilities for those hoping to work with dogs professionally: Basic Dog Handling and Training Skills, ability to recognize behavioral signals. 
 Safety tips for working with animals 
 Animals can be somewhat unpredictable when they are under stress or in an unfamiliar environment, like when they visit the veterinary office or the grooming salon, so it is important to be attentive and stay aware of the animal you are handling at all times. 
 Dog show handlers 
 Dog show handlers are well versed in the arts of showmanship and presentation. These professionals travel the country as they seek championship honors for their client’s dogs. They are responsible for presenting their canine charges to their best benefit throughout the time of the competition. 
 K-9 police officers 
 K-9 police officers work closely with their dogs to enforce laws. With proportionately minor positions accessible in the field, an assignment to the canine unit is highly coveted amongst law enforcement professionals. A K-9 handler can use their dog to enforce public order while on patrol. 
 Breeder 
 Breeders select and breed animals according to characteristics and genealogy. The top earners make more than $75,000 a year. Those who work in states such as Ohio, South Dakota, and Kentucky earn the most. Animal breeders are required to have a minimum of a high school education. 
 Zoologist 
 Zoologists work with animals in the wild and controlled environments such as zoos. They provide data that shapes wildlife conservation and preservation policy, work with animals extensively and spend time crunching numbers. Starting salaries depend on schooling (bachelor's degrees earn around $45,460…). 
