Skip to content 
 Hopesanddreamzblog 
 Live… Love… Dream! 
 Menu 
 Lux Botanicals Soap Bar With Sunflower And Jojoba Oil-Review 
 hopesanddreamzblog   Bath And Body ,  Beauty ,  Body Soap ,  Budget Skincare ,  Healthy Skin ,  Lux ,  Lux India ,  Lux Soap ,  Skincare ,  Skincare basics ,  Soap ,  Soap Bar Review  September 13, 2019September 13, 2019 
 Skin type: Normal to dry 
 Hello! 
 Lux India just recently launched their Botanicals Soap Range in 3 variants. The one that I am reviewing today is the Sunflower and Jojoba Oil, that I have been using daily for nearly 2 weeks now. So let's get on with the review and see how this one fared out for me. Keep reading… 
 What The Brand Claims  : Lux Botanicals Collection, A Luxurious Everyday Experience for Your Senses Where Nature is Supreme, and Beauty is Celebrated! Fly away to a carefree secret wonderland. Dance through the endless field of sparkling blossoms and wrap yourself in an irresistible sparkling glow. 
 Nourishing Jojoba oil- often called “liquid wax” because it has a structure similar to your skin oils, jojoba oil deeply moisturizes and hydrates your skin, giving nutrition for your dry skin. Sparkling Sunflower- thousands of florets come together to make a gorgeous sunflower bloom. Bright and luminous, the sunflower will shower your world with its sparkling and subtly sweet fragrance. 
 New Glycerin Soap Bar with 100% Organic Glycerin Gel, Ultra Hydrating and Good for Body and Face. A gentle Botanical Formulation. Indulge in natural skin treat that is free from nasty chemicals. Experience Luminously bright and supple skin that is perfumed with exquisite Natural Scent. Find yourself in a royal English garden immersed in fragrant wonders. Try Our Lux Botanicals. 
 Packaging  : The brand has done a great job with the packaging here! It is simple, yet attractive! The soap comes in a beautiful plastic packaging with yellow sunflowers all over. All the important details such as date of manufacturing, use-before date, MRP, ingredient list and net product weight are clearly mentioned. And, it is travel-friendly too! 
 Ingredient List  : 
 My Experience With The Product  : Lux Botanicals Soap Bar With Sunflower And Jojoba Oil has a unique texture! The brand says that this is a glycerin-based product that is made from 100% organic glycerin gel. Now I usually prefer cream-based soaps than gel-based ones, but this one's formula is just amazing! It is a dream to work with and produces a rich lather. It effectively gets the job done and cleanses the body. The skin instantly feels clean, soft and thoroughly refreshed. 
 The product is quick and easy to rinse and comes off in one go. It does not leave any residue behind whatsoever and does not dry out the skin either, which is impressive! Another reason why I loved this soap so much is because of its fragrance! It has a citrusy scent that is absolutely fantastic and oh-so refreshing. The product is free from parabens and silicones and can be easily found online as well as in stores. 
 Yays! 
 
 Simple, beautiful as well as travel-friendly packaging 
 Glycerin-based gel-like texture, a dream to work with 
 Produces a rich lather 
 Effectively cleanses the skin; leaves it soft, clean and refreshed 
 Quick and easy to rinse off, does not leave any residue behind at all 
 Gentle and forgiving on the skin, does not dry it out 
 Oh-so refreshing citrusy scent 
 Great pick for the summer season 
 Free from silicones and parabens 
 Easily available online as well as in stores 
 Affordable 
 Can be bought as a single bar as well as a value pack 
 
 Nays! 
 
 Absolutely none for me! 
 
 Price  : Rs 32 for 100 gm (Single Bar) 
 Rs 105 for 100 gm (Buy 3 get 1 free) 
 Rating  : A+ 
 Do I Recommend This?  Lux Botanicals Soap Bar With Sunflower And Jojoba Oil has a smooth, gel-based texture that is a dream to work with. It beautifully glides on the skin and produces a rich lather. It thoroughly cleanses the body, without causing any dryness. The skin instantly feels soft and clean and the citrusy scent is just amazing! 
 All in all, this is an excellent offering from the house of Lux and I am really impressed. Highly Recommended! 🙂 
 Till next time, 
 XOXO 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Tagged 
 Lux Botanical Soap Review 
 Lux Botanical Soap Review INdia 
 Lux Botanicals Soap Bar With Sunflower And Jojoba Oil Review 
 Lux Botanicals Soap Bar With Sunflower And Jojoba Oil Review India 
 Lux New Launch Botanical Soap Review 
 Lux New Launch Soap Review 
 Lux New Launch Soap Review India 
 Lux New Launch Soap Review Online 
 Lux New Soap Review 
 Lux New Soap Review India 
 Lux Sunflower And Jojoba Oil Soap 
 Lux Sunflower And Jojoba Oil Soap Review 
 Lux Sunflower And Jojoba Oil Soap Review India 
 Lux Sunflower Soap Review 
 Lux Sunflower Soap Review India 
 
 Published by hopesanddreamzblog 
  View all posts by hopesanddreamzblog  
 Published  September 13, 2019September 13, 2019 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Nykaa Wanderlust Japanese Cherry Blossom Body Scrub Review 
 Next Post New Launch: Clean And Clear Aqua Splash Face Wash With Cooling Menthol-Review 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Trending Posts 
 
   
 
 Is It Really Worth The Hype? Oriflame Milk And Honey Gold Smoothing Sugar Scrub Review 
 
   
 
 St. Ives Fresh Skin Apricot Scrub Review 
 
   
 
 Nivea Creme Care Soap Review 
 
   
 
 Just Launched: Nivea Soft Light Moisturizer, Berry Blossom-Review 
 
   
 
 Nivea Strawberry Shine Lip Balm Review 
 
   
 
 Just Launched: Nivea Soft Light Moisturizer, Tropical Fruit-Review 
 
   
 
 What Is All The Hype About: Plum Green Tea Clear Face Mask Review! 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017 
 © hopesanddreamzblog.com, 2020. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to hopesanddreamzblog.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
