Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online French Tutor 
 Empower Tutoring Academy 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Position 
 We are looking for a passionate tutor who is a  fluent French speaker  and and can tutor elementary and high-school students. Candidates should be familiar with the elementary and high-school curriculum for both Core French and Immersion French. Applicants should be able to assist with reading, writing, and speaking in French. This position will be completely remote and all tutoring will be done online. 
 Why Work With Us? 
 
 Great experience for new teachers or teacher candidates 
 Flexible working hours - you make your schedule! 
 Work from the comfort of your home 
 Inspire and mentor students 
 
 Your Role: 
 
 Provide online French tutoring sessions through an online learning platform (Zoom) to elementary and high-school students 
 Observe and evaluate student's skill level to determine progress and work towards improvement 
 Work alongside parents/guardians to create a personal academic plan or timeline for the student 
 Help students in their area of need such as homework completion, getting ahead in class, learning new concepts, etc. 
 Be able to relate to the student and act as a mentor to them 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Fluent in English and French 
 Currently enrolled in or completed a Bachelor's Degree (B.Ed. is an asset) 
 Prior tutoring or teaching experience in Ontario is required 
 Good knowledge of the Ontario Core and Immersion French curriculum 
 Have access to Zoom on a computer and a stable internet connection 
 Be available during evenings on school days and weekends 
 
 Tutoring Sessions 
Tutors can create their own schedule based on client preference and personal preference. Tutors can accept and decline tutoring opportunities, but should be available to work with a minimum of 3-4 clients. 
 Important Note 
**  Please do not email your resumes or call to apply.  **Only applicants who apply via Indeed will be considered. Applicants must be Ontario residents. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $17.00-$18.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 French tutoring : 2 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 French (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
