
  The Words Kraft  
 Writing-Blogging-Editing-Journalism 
 Monday, January 25th, 2021| 
 
 Facebook 
 Google + 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 
 Search for...     
 Menu 
 
 Business & Finance 
 
 Integrated Online Learning Center Reviews 
 Insurance Articles 
 
 General Insurance Writing 
 Insurance Lawyers - Mesothelioma / Asbestos Poisoning 
 Immigration and Insurance Articles 
 
 Immigration Lawyers - Visa FAQs & Investment Programs 
 
 
 
 
 Travel & Hotel Reviews 
 Camping and Outdoor "Fun" Articles 
 Cryptocurrencies - Trading and Technologies 
 
 Cryptocurrencies - Exchanges & Trading Platforms 
 User Guides – Bitcoin, Ripplecoin, etc. 
 Cryptocurrencies - Emergence & Technologies 
 
 
 Business Leadership & Operations 
 Website Brokerage 
 
 
 Product & Services Campaign 
 
 Security, Armed Guards & Fire Directors 
 Carpet/Upholstery Cleaning - Janitorial Services 
 Amazon Product Reviews 
 
 Amazon & Ezine AirFryer Reviews 
 Amazon Review:​ Cordless Power Drills 
 A Complete Guide:​ Essentiality of Straight Razors 
 
 
 Indoor Plant Growth & Hydroponics 
 Home Gardening and DIY Lawn Care 
 Gardening Niche:​ Weed Eaters & String Trimmers 
 Agriculture, Gardening, Hydroponics 
 Product Descriptions - Furniture​ 
 Online Casino / Gambling Articles 
 
 
 Health Care 
 
 Wellness, Diet & Fitness 
 
 Holistic Treatments & Vegan Diets - Fruits, Veggies, Herbs, and Oils 
 Essential Oils Reviews & Blogs 
 Exercising and Fitness Articles 
 Weight Gainer, Mass Gainer, and Protein Supplements 
 Dietary Supplements, Juicing, Smoothies & Weight-Loss 
 Natural Nutrition and Dietary Regulations 
 Beauty (Skin and Hair) & Dental Health 
 Natural DIY Hacks - Pets and Plants 
 
 
 Men - Fitness and Stamina 
 Kids - Fitness and Growth 
 Women - Wellness Guide (Natural Nutrition) 
 Chiropractic & Physical Theraphy 
 Medical Marijuana/ Cannabidiol Oil / Cannabis Reviews 
 Ptosis, Septoplasty, and Rhinoplasty: Surgeries and Insurance 
 Blogs on Acupuncture​ & Ryodoraku 
 
 
 Digital Marketing 
 
 360 Degree Marketing Campaigns 
 Digital Marketing Technologies 
 Analytics & Data Science 
 SEO Implementation & Technologies 
 Games & Gaming Technologies Assignments 
 The e-Commerce Sales Funnel 
 Sales Brochures, Landing Pages & Company Profiles 
 
 
 Technology 
 
 Web-Development Service Content 
 Web Hosting Reviews 
 Ethical Issues & Challenges of IT 
 RFPs and Capability Decks 
 Software Guides & FAQs 
 UI / UX / HCI Writing 
 
 
 Food & Travel 
 
 Bhutan 
 
 Bhutan Throwback #1 : The Thimpu Stopover 
 Bhutan Throwback #2: The Paro Valley Stopover 
 
 
 Uttar Pradesh 
 
 Varanasi - Ganapati Guest House 
 
 
 My Wife Is A Food Ninja 
 Assam 
 
 An Eerie Trip to Dhansiri Eco Camp @ Kaziranga National Park 
 Kaziranga Forest (Bagori Range) - Jeep and Elephant Safaris 
 Guwahati Memories: The Land of Gods and Temples 
 The Perfect Day-Trip @ Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, Assam 
 
 
 Meghalaya 
 
 Shillong Throwback - The Land of Lakes and Rock Music 
 Cherrapunjee Tales - The Waterfall Delights 
 The Unforgettable Umiam Lake (Barapani), Shillong 
 
 
 Andhra Pradesh 
 
 The Work Trip to Visakhapatnam #1 
 
 
 Orissa 
 
 
 Join Us 
 
 Write For Us 
 Contact Us 
 The Journey So Far 
 We Are Commercial Writers. Not Authors. 
 Link Builders & Publications 
 
 
 
 Pages of my Diary 
 
 # 1.​ Conventionally Unsuccessful So Far 
 # 2.​ Did I Impact Lives?​ A​​ Little Maybe. 
 # 3. Silence is a Virtue. Not a Weakness. 
 #4. We are All Looking for a Fallback Option 
 #5. I am a Better Writer Than Speaker. 
 #6. ​My Wife isn’t Interested. That’s Okay 
 
 Follow The Words Kraft on WordPress.com 
 Memories On Wheels 
 
 Bhutan 
 
 Bhutan Throwback #1 : The Thimpu Stopover 
 Bhutan Throwback #2: The Paro Valley Stopover 
 
 
 Uttar Pradesh 
 
 Varanasi - Ganapati Guest House 
 
 
 Assam 
 
 Kaziranga Forest (Bagori Range) - Jeep and Elephant Safaris 
 An Eerie Trip to Dhansiri Eco Camp @ Kaziranga National Park 
 Guwahati Memories: The Land of Gods and Temples 
 The Perfect Day-Trip @ Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, Assam 
 
 
 Meghalaya 
 
 The Unforgettable Umiam Lake (Barapani), Shillong 
 Shillong Throwback - The Land of Lakes and Rock Music 
 Cherrapunjee Tales - The Waterfall Delights 
 
 
 Andhra Pradesh 
 
 The Work Trip to Visakhapatnam #1 
 
 
 Orissa 
 
 The Great Indian Curry 
 
 Son!! All You Need to Score is 102% 
 Happy 2nd Birthday Son!! It’s time to join the competition. 
 I.T Engineer Loses Job: Refuses to Leave Office Premises 
 Bangalore based IT Professional Arrested. Caused Irreparable Psychological Damage to Project Manager 
 The Mysterious "Kala Tika" on Chandrayan 2: ISRO Explains, NASA Confirms. 
 Sudden Death: Are We Prepared Enough? 
 Divorces are Disgraced as a “Problem”.But, aren’t Divorces a Solution to the “Problem”? 
 Did She Call You a “Mama’s Boy”? 
 Men Could be Victims Too: The Pressure Cooker Theory 
 
 Promotion Directories 
 Blogs Directory   1Abc Directory 
 Slider 
 Hourly Vs. Fixed Jobs: The dilemma of unpredictability 
 By  The Words Kraft  on  December 10, 2017  • (  Leave a comment  ) 
 My decade long experience in commercial writing hasn’t been able to help me fight this dilemma. The decision of accepting project contracts governed by hourly rates or fixed price payment terms. 
 While fixed price job milestones shouldn’t usually stretch beyond infinity or doesn't involve countless revisions, the hourly jobs often lead to contradictions with clients. Quantifying your effort and productive output within a (billed) time-frame could lead to contradictions with customers. 
 Unlike mathematics, creative work lacks specific acceptance criteria. 
 A mathematical equation always yields a specific result and hence defines a well-defined acceptance criterion. 
 If X=2 and Y=3, then X + Y would always unmistakably produce 5. The same doesn’t hold true for creative work such as writing. The acceptance of a certain work largely depends upon individual perspectives and views. 
 **Fixed Price Jobs hardly accommodates the Layers of "Evolution" ** 
 I personally came across clients, who wanted to see the article “evolve” through infinite revisions and dramatically changing requirements. A $100 fixed price milestone stretched well beyond one and a half months. Eventually, after a persuasive nagging, the client reluctantly paid up the milestone. Understandably, he wasn’t “happy” with my services. Probably because the client wanted to tweak and try various flavors of the same article to eventually create a masterpiece that aligns best with his business objectives. This approach doesn't work well for fixed-price engagements. 
 
 Fixed Price Jobs should have clear Requirements and Expectations 
 Continuously evolving requirements aren't suited for fixed-price jobs. So, asking the right questions before committing to a contractual milestone agreement is of paramount importance. 
 
 How many articles for a fixed price? Approximate word count per article? 
 Any targeted demography or geography? 
 Call-For-Action / Sales pitch / Push marketing? Or pure informative narration? 
 Any backlinks to product pages or Business websites? 
 Need for source referencing? Any particular referencing style? APA / Harvard? 
 Business Blog or guest posting for authority websites? 
 The writer would be responsible for contacting (authority) website owners? 
 The writer would tweak the article to meet authority website standards and formats? 
 What if the (authority) website owners don't respond on time? 
 
 
 No: I am not Against Revisions 
 Don’t get me wrong. I am not against revisions. However, there need to be some tangible and well-defined acceptance criteria when we call it “complete”. I find it severely unjust to expect a freelancer to read through pages of your existing website, feel the pulse of your business, watch product explainer videos, joyfully participate in weekly “brainstorming” calls and work through dramatic revisions unless your iterative whims and fancies aren’t fulfilled, to finally create an article that promises to go absolute viral, break the internet and revolutionize the business profitability of your existing sunken business. All for an amount of $100. 
 Obviously, these are merely circumstantial decisions. All of these would sound perfectly fine if: 
 
 The client was willing to award me with a considerable amount of work every month, which would compensate for the substantial effort that goes into understanding the operational objectives of a certain business. 
 This was an hourly job and the client was paying off weekly timesheets. I would be happy to invest long hours diving deep into his business, writing, editing and revising as many times as he wanted. 
 
 We are Essentially Freelancers 
 The clients need to understand that we are essentially freelancers. We provide premium writing services to multiple clients simultaneously. Most clients are start-ups and have an average budget of $300-$350 which would definitely exhaust in no time. So in a mere attempt to keep our business moving, we need to continuously interface with multiple clients and accustom ourselves with their businesses. So if you want me to function as a core team member working coherently with the design and management teams, abide by your tailor-made business processes, tune myself to your visions, ideas, and organizational evolution, the engagement needs to be more long-term, adequately compensated and mutually beneficial. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories:  Slider 
 Post navigation 
 We have Super-Powers; Just a Slight Tinge 
 Not a Native Speaker? You are Ineligible, Therefore… 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Whoa.Show Us Some Love!! 
 Join 371 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Friends? 
 Reading Folders 
 
 Career and Commercials  (7) 
 Diary Pages  (4) 
 Freelancing Randoms  (14) 
 Great Indian Curry  (16) 
 Slider  (11) 
 Uncategorized  (2) 
 
 The Web Footprints 
               
 Instagram Love 
                           
 
 Top categories:   Great Indian Curry 
 Google + 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com   | 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
