TMI Overload 
 Too much information overload? Here's more… 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 CILIP President Jan Parry talks Career Planning and Advocacy 
 Posted on  October 26, 2015  by  TMI Overload 
 On Wednesday 7th October CILIP in the Thames Valley was honoured to receive a talk from none other than CILIP President herself, Jan Parry, at  RISC  in Reading. 
 Jan started the informal presentation with a brief roundup of her career, including how she got into librarianship, and how she got out of it again but used her professional skills to great effect in a wide range of applications. Of course, she was more modest than this but her CV includes senior Whitehall civil service positions working with Secretaries of State and other ministers and more recently being a member of the Hillsborough Independent Panel’s Secretariat. 
 Jan was not ashamed to admit that, having attained her degree in Librarianship and Information Management a little later in life after starting her career at the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate library, she discovered that she was  ambitious . 
 She didn’t let on to anyone else – even her family – but quietly went about her duties confident that there was almost always a better way of doing something. She also believed that she was capable of discovering and implementing those improvements, and that the only way to achieve them was building a case for them using evidence and demonstrating that they were effective by collecting data and communicating them. 
 The key to her message to us CILIP members at various stages in our information careers was that the very same principles apply to us as individuals. We should be able to communicate what we do, and its value, easily and quickly. And for this, librarians, “you need your business head on.” 
 If someone asks you what you do, don’t give the passive response “I’m a librarian” or “I manage a library service.” Better to say something like, “I’m an expert in finding information from a wide range of sources, and fast.” You might not be a natural self-promoter but becoming one will help to advance your career. 
 Jan told an anecdote about one civil service colleague who sought out his boss every day to give an informal report on what he was doing. Some in the audience thought this might become counterproductive, but this employee apparently got a bonus every year for his efforts. Jan recommended an alternative tack for those of us who don’t want to look like the school swot (because, lets face it, how many of us actually were the school swot?). Instead, write a weekly email to your superior, copied to his/her manager, outlining your achievements and ideas that week. Do this religiously. After a year your manager will have ample material with which to perform your appraisal, you will definitely have been noticed, and – perhaps most importantly – you will have had to stretch yourself in order to have written about your progress, week-by-week. 
 As to what that progress might be based on, with information services forever having to justify their resources – even existence – you should find ways to gather evidence, whether it be qualitative, such as written feedback or quantitative, such as user numbers, resources accessed, costs saved, etc.. All of this should be documented and ready for if – when – your service is under review. 
 In short, get a career plan. Don’t wallow in the “duvet of librarianship”. There are no longer jobs for life so you need to be ready to measure, improve, and move on and up. 
 Inspiring stuff; and it was easy to see why Jan has been so successful. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was tagged  career ,  CILIP ,  librarian . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Philosophy information resource guide 2015 
 It feels like I've written my dissertation -> 
 2 thoughts on "CILIP President Jan Parry talks Career Planning and Advocacy" 
 
 saidahgilbert  says: 
 
  on October 29, 2015 at 2:53 pm  
 This is really useful information. Thanks for writing it. 
 Reply 
 * [TMI Overload](https://tmioverload.wordpress.com) says:
 
  on October 30, 2015 at 7:20 am  
 You're welcome. Thanks for reading it. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Archive this! UK Web Archive Mini Conference – November 4, 2019 
 It's gone live… 
 Website is coming 
 New roles, new skills 
 Mentor exchange event 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 TMI Overload  on  New roles, new skills 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dr Lyn Robinson  on  New roles, new skills 
 
 
 Matthew Henry on  Working on a website 
 
 
 
 
 saidahgilbert  on  For the New Year, a new j… 
 
 
 
 TMI Overload  on  CILIP President Jan Parry talk… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2019 
 November 2018 
 April 2018 
 July 2017 
 March 2017 
 July 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2014 
 January 2014 
 October 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
