
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 Here's the deal: Plex is looking for a Freelance Digital Producer / Project Manager (Remote) to help manage small but growing creative team in our California, USA office. Must have DIY mentality, easy-going ego, and blisteringly awesome communication skills. 
 About 
 
 Our motto is  home for all the media you love. 
 This is a great opportunity because  we are a quickly growing, remote-work-first company that is the largest independent left in the streaming wars. 
 The ideal personality for this role is  obsessively nice and thoughtful and human, able to take critical feedback in stride, and has a quick grasp of the big picture. 
 You need to be well-equipped to handle  more video hangouts than are probably healthy, frequent slack updates, and a lot of nerd-core humor. 
 You 'd be working on  project management systems like fibery.io, resource planning, creative brief development and enforcement and creating an awesome workflow. 
 The best way to describe our culture is  kind, ultra-smart, performance-driven. 
 You 'll love our office because  you'll never have to go there. 
 You 'll definitely hate this job if  you have bad wifi. Or even just okay wifi. Nothing worse than a frozen face on a video call. 
 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7721-plex-digital-producer-project-manager-remote  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 (Originally posted November 19, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Jason Mercer 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Images 
 
 [ 
 
 View Image 
 ](https://res.cloudinary.com/wnotw/image/upload/c_limit,w_700,q_auto:eco,f_auto/v1605735407/hgstrpejojhr31bsihdx "View Image") 
 Fine Print 
 Plex is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. Plex is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
