
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Lead Electrical Engineer 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Lead Electrical Engineer 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Lead%20Electrical%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13980292/lead-electrical-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 9, 2020 
 Location: 
 Berkeley, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Lab's (   LBNL  ) Facilities Division is offering an exciting opportunity to work with world leaders in science, and be a part of a team that will advance science and influence the world. 
 The Lead Electrical Engineer will ensure engineering support across the campus and will possess technical engineering expertise, problem solving abilities, and strong leadership capabilities. You will lead the electrical disciple staff in day-to-day operations; trouble-shooting, and problem-solving with multidisciplinary teams; ensuring the reliability of the plant electrical systems; verifying system compliance with codes and standards; and introducing new assessment technologies to deepen our understanding of electrical safety, resilience and reliability. 
 Berkeley Lab is located above UC Berkeley, on 202 acres that house over two million square feet of state-of-the-art scientific centers and support facilities. The Lab's mission encompasses many scientific fields, and its buildings include supercomputing facilities, genetic sequencing labs, laser labs, microscope facilities, and office complexes. Thirteen Nobel Prizes have been associated with Berkeley Lab. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Assume responsibility for planning and managing electrical engineering activities and deliverables. Coordinate closely with related departments to set priorities, monitor workload and maintain schedules. Develop and implement policies and procedures that ensure quality and effective completion of area functions. Assign, train, direct, and appraise engineering staff. 
 
 
 Advise contractors and in-house electricians in troubleshooting system malfunctions; conduct equipment failure investigations and root-cause analysis to determine and mitigate common failure modes for critical equipment. Identify asset issues, recommend resolutions, and maintain or increase overall system reliability. 
 
 
 Collaborate with a cross-functional team to develop and conduct plant-wide equipment condition assessments, evaluate inspection & testing reports, interpret results and present both long- and short-term gap closure recommendations to Facilities leadership. 
 
 
 Ensure system modifications comply with laboratory standards/specifications, code requirements, and design documents. 
 
 
 Evaluate, select, and promote the use of preventive/predictive maintenance techniques to analyze system health, identify risks, and prioritize equipment renewal and replacement. 
 
 
 Maintain reliability metrics, scorecards, and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for purposes of measuring and identifying the highest value reliability opportunities. 
 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 
 Registered professional engineer in the State of California. 
 
 
 4-year degree from an accredited institution in electrical engineering or related discipline and a minimum of 8 years of relevant electrical engineering experience; or 6 years of relevant experience and a Master's degree. 
 
 
 Minimum of 3 years demonstrated experience developing and leading an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team. 
 
 
 Expert verbal and written communication, facilitation, and collaboration skills necessary to effectively present, explain, and advise senior management. 
 
 
 Extensive knowledge of Preventive & Predictive Maintenance of High & Medium voltage electrical systems. 
 
 
 Demonstrated experience in applicable codes, regulations, and standards such as the National Electric Code, NFPA 70E (Standard for Electrical Safety in The Work Place), NFPA 70B (Recommended Practice for Electrical Equipment Maintenance), IEEE, etc. 
 
 
 Operational knowledge of Protective Relaying and SCADA in High (115 kV) and Medium (12.47kV) voltage electrical systems. 
 
 
 Working knowledge of ArcPro for HV electrical systems, EMTP for Transient Analysis, SKM for Step/Touch Potential Analysis. 
 
 
 Additional Desired Qualifications: 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge in Electrical System Studies using SKM. 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of applicable DOE Orders and Federal Standards. 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of design, construction and operation of laboratory facilities. 
 
 
 The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. 
 Notes: 
 
 
 This is a full time career appointment. 
 
 
 Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay. 
 
 
 Salary is commensurate with experience. 
 
 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 
 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 
 Learn About Us: 
 Working at   Berkeley Lab  has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab-   Click Here. 
 Berkeley Lab (  LBNL) addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the   Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision  __ under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click   here  to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." Berkeley Lab is committed to   Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accountability (IDEA)  and strives to hire individuals who share these same values and commitments. 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 91261 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 In the world of science, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) is synonymous with excellence. Thirteen scientists associated with Berkeley Lab have won the Nobel Prize. Fifty-seven Lab scientists are members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), one of the highest honors for a scientist in the United States. Thirteen of our scientists have won the National Medal of Science, our nation's highest award for lifetime achievement in fields of scientific research. Eighteen of our engineers have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, and three of our scientists have been elected into the Institute of Medicine. In addition, Berkeley Lab has trained thousands of university science and engineering students who are advancing technological innovations across the nation and around the world. Berkeley Lab is a member of the national laboratory system supported by the U.S. Department of Energy through its Office of Science. It is managed by the University of California (UC) and is charged with conducting unclassified research across a wide range of scientific disciplines. Located on a 200-acre site in the hills above the UC Berkeley campus that offers spectacular... views of the San Francisco Bay, Berkeley Lab employs approximately 4,200 scientists, engineers, support staff and students. Its budget for 2011 is $735 million, with an additional $101 million in funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, for a total of $836 million. A recent study estimates the Laboratory's overall economic impact through direct, indirect and induced spending on the nine counties that make up the San Francisco Bay Area to be nearly $700 million annually. The Lab was also responsible for creating 5,600 jobs locally and 12,000 nationally. The overall economic impact on the national economy is estimated at $1.6 billion a year. Technologies developed at Berkeley Lab have generated billions of dollars in revenues, and thousands of jobs. Savings as a result of Berkeley Lab developments in lighting and windows, and other energy-efficient technologies, have also been in the billions of dollars. Berkeley Lab was founded in 1931 by Ernest Orlando Lawrence, a UC Berkeley physicist who won the 1939 Nobel Prize in physics for his invention of the cyclotron, a circular particle accelerator that opened the door to high-energy physics. It was Lawrence's belief that scientific research is best done through teams of individuals with different fields of expertise, working together. His teamwork concept is a Berkeley Lab legacy that continues today. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Machine Vision/Image Analysis) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Optical Coherence Tomography) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (In Vivo Microscopy) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
