  
 The Thinking Man's Idiot 
 The unruly brain and bad habits of a writer, artist, and grilled cheese sandwich-enthusiast. 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Journalism 
 Long-Form Essays 
 Theatre 
 Film 
 TV 
 Music 
 
 Osmosis I: Best Man for the Job 
 “Before I started comedy I used to work at McDonald’s making minimum wage. You know what that means when somebody pays you minimum wage? What your boss is tryin’ to say is like ‘Hey, if I could pay you less, I would. But it’s against the law.’” 
-- Chris Rock on  Saturday Night Live 
 I have more than 1,000 messages in my e-mail’s Inbox. 
 The good news: the majority are from prospective employers. The bad news: all but a few are automated reply e-mails sent to acknowledge that my resume was received. Given how long some of them have been there, it’s likely that most of them have never even read my resume. 
 
 Being without a job is a lot like not being in a relationship: your body suffers, your mind collapses, and you get angry at everyone for having one. I’ve been unemployed since 2008 – four years now – and my last job was a crappy-paying part-time thing for which I was criminally overqualified and seemed to be always scheduled at times that prevented me from acting. I’d gladly trade in the month-or-so of working with the world’s worst director earlier this year for working at the greasiest restaurant in The City. 
 This is by far the longest I’ve spent unemployed. I’ve never collected financial unemployment benefits, despite encouragement by friends who have been out of work for just as long (if not longer). At first I resisted because I felt as if that would be “admitting defeat”, but I’ve since seriously reconsidered. One can only go without regular money and work for so long before the realisation finally sets in that the magical “perfect job” won’t simply fall out of the sky one day. I’ve been fortunate enough to have spent the past four years under the domestic and financial support of family. Not everyone is so lucky, especially in the San Francisco area. 
 The idea that anyone who is out of work is either too prideful or simply lazy is an idea that offends me with its myopia. I recall  a recent short story  by Ursula K. Le Guin, about a woodcutter who suddenly loses his business and is supported by a magical “Gift Fairy”. So long as woodcutter looks for new work, the Gift Fairy will support him. I won’t spoil it, but this winds up having last repercussions for both the woodcutter and his family. 
 I also recall a recent Facebook post by a conservative friend of mine. She recalled how more than a decade ago she was an unemployed single mother that refused to survive off of government assistance. She ended her story by saying that people who lash out, verbally or otherwise, against The Rich are merely envious; envious at seeing hardworking people reap the benefits of their success whilst the slothful exert all their energy lashing out when they could be using that energy to work. She’s now a housewife and mother-of-three. As clearly as I can see where she’s coming from, she’s never had to be the woodcutter. We all should all be so lucky to me the Gift Fairy. 
 Even when assistance does come in the form of friends offering to forward my resume – and their word of assurance – to their employers, I’m hesitant to accept. Not so much out of pride (though that does play a small part), but moreso out of the idea that if I’m not hired or the job doesn’t work out, my friend would be made to look foolish in the eyes of his/her employer. Would you want to be the poor schmuck who recommended your bestest pal to be an ice-spotter on the  Titanic ? 
 Having written, rewritten, submitted, re-submitted, and rewritten again my resume, I gain both more clarity and more confusion as to why I’ve yet to be hired. As listed on my resume: I have a great deal of customer service experience, just as much retail experience, can type 70 wpm, can use 10-key, am experienced in Microsoft Office (particularly Word, Outlook, and Excel), and have received recognition for my on the job performance. At the same time, I don’t have a college degree (though I did attend) and more than half the businesses listed on my resume have gone out of business. So too have the people I once listed as references now find their names next to phone numbers that don’t function. 
 Whoop-dee-doo. 
 I spend a large portion of my day submitting my resume via employment websites such as  Indeed ,  Idealist , and – when I’m really desperate – CraigsList. The situation is so predictable rote that I fail to be surprised anymore: I click the link; it sends me to the job site; I’m forced to fill out an employee profile, as it’s my first time visiting the site; I manually fill in my particulars and resume details (the more generous sites allow you to upload your Word or .pdf resume which automatically fills out the on-line form); I click “Submit”; seconds later I get an automated e-mail informing me that my resume has been received and I’ll “be hearing from [them]” if they like it. Did I mention that I have so many such automated messaged that my Inbox count is at 1,000? Oh, and that’s just from submitting since this February. 
 As you may have guessed, this sort of thing can greatly discourage a fella from seeing the light at the end of a veeeeeeeery long tunnel. Toss in the fact that there’s a bit of a residential “crisis” (for me, anyway) in the house where I’m staying with my parents, and I begin to wonder how much profit there is in crawling under rocks and dying. 
 Yet, I remain optimistic. Cautiously so, but optimistic nonetheless. Perhaps it’s because I’m not the only one struggling through this? Perhaps it’s because my other struggling friends have problems – marriage, children, etc. – on top of this struggle so as to pale mine in comparison. Perhaps it’s because all the bullshit my parents told me about a degree being the be-all, end-all solution to life’s problems has been proven false? Perhaps it’s because I drink a lot? 
 Or perhaps it’s because I’ve been able to maintain my sanity, relatively speaking, by focusing my energy on my art. This is not the ideal scenario I envisioned for myself at this age, but I’ve found, for lack of a better word, contentment. I’m realistic about life and my prospects. I don’t expect anything to be handed to me for free, but I’ve learned to be humble and accepting of help. As I noted in  my blog about depression : acceptance of help is not a sign of weakness; it is a reassurance of one’s own strength. Anyone who tells you otherwise is someone who doesn’t realise how hard it is to go “without” for so long. 
 Oh, and if you’re wondering why I don’t try to make a living at acting? I have tried. We’ll get to that in Part II… 
 PS: here’s my friend and fellow actor Kai, pondering a life of unemployment through song. 
 Share this with the world: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 One comment on "Osmosis I: Best Man for the Job" 
 
 Pingback:  Osmosis II: Who hates a Dancing Bear? | The Thinking Man's Idiot 
 
 And what do YOU think?  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Information 
 This entry was posted on Friday, 14 September, 2012 by  CharlesAndHisTypewriter  in  Long-Form Essays  and tagged  employment ,  goverment assistance ,  Osmosis ,  SF San Francisco Frisco San Francisco California The City By the Bay San Francisco CA The City ,  unemployment ,  Ursula K. Le Guin . 
 Shortlink 
 https://wp.me/p2w5M2-2P 
 Navigation 
 Previous post 
 Next post 
 Follow The Thinking Man's Idiot on WordPress.com 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Stalk Me 
 
  Medium  
  LinkedIn  
   
  Flickr  
  YouTube  
  Vimeo  
  Tumblr  
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Copywriting copywriter Creativity Film Journalism Literature Long-Form Essays Music Theatre TV Uncategorized 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 About Me 
 
   
 
 Mechanical Animals: 'Universal Robots' West Coast premiere by Quantum Dragon 
 
   
 
 Not the 'Man' I Know and Love 
 
   
 
 Cop. Out. 
 
   
 
 Return of the White Savior Western: 'Hostiles' 
 
   
 
 The Gayest ‘Show’ on Earth: ‘Rocky Horror’ Farewell Tour at Ray of Light Theatre 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other links of mine 
 
 My Medium profile 
 My Tumblr 
 
 YES, I'm an Actor! 
 
 My IMDb page 
 My Vimeo page 
 My YouTube page 
 SFcasting profile 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 NATALIE ASHODIAN 
 #pingmetillimdead 
 Meliorism and 20's sadness 
 F.M.K. Lit Podcast 
 Silly, sexy fun 
 Chasing N.E.D. 
 Our family’s journey navigating this thing called colon cancer 
 Cat Luedtke | Actor 
 Art and Music in Our Souls 
 The archive... 
 kaylamaysuarez.wordpress.com/ 
 "No legacy is so rich as honesty." 
 When Sex Hurts 
 Healing is not Linear 
 o 
 o ---------- art of Hannah Birch Carl 
 Dena Takruri 
 Presenter and Producer 
 annikaelinbergman 
 Actor, Singer 
 Sisters, Scots, and Scotch 
 Holy Crap, we're moving. 
 Awesome Theatre 
 "Theatre for People Who Didn't Know They Liked Theatre" 
 ashcows 
 Love lover, writer, voiceover artist, actor, mama, wife, Hufflepuff Prefect, Bachelor franchise junkie, the ultimate fan of dipping foods in other foods. 
 Shannon Kelly White 
 Food, utter nonsense and general fuckery 
 The Chameleon's Dish 
 promise crammed 
 Pleiades 
 World Premiere Female Driven Play in San Francisco 
 Do I Exist Online 
 Colin Johnson 
 ONLINE PORTFOLIO FOR VIDEO AND THEATRE SERVICES 
 MacGIRLver 
 Tips and tricks from a gal who's been there 
 San Francisco Theater Pub 
 Make it good, keep it casual, have a beer. 
 Laura Valladao 
 Director of Photography 
 Bitter Gertrude 
 Blogging about Culture, Equity, and the Arts since 2013 
 Julia Blogulia 
 The adventures of an SF gal heading East 
 Melissa Fall 
 Eileen Tull 
 Performer, Writer, and Theatre Creator 
 The Dynamics of Groove 
 the creative writing of Barbara Jwanouskos 
 matthew milo sergi 
 (word.) 
 Writhing in Apathy 
 Larissa Archer 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
