Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Underwriter Sr. - C/L 
 Wawanesa 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Wawanesa Mutual Insurance is one of the largest property and casualty insurers in Canada with $3 billion in annual revenues and assets of more than $9 billion. Wawanesa Mutual, founded in 1896 with executive offices in Winnipeg, is the parent company of Wawanesa General, which offers property and casualty insurance in California and Oregon, and Wawanesa Life, which distributes life insurance products and services throughout Canada. With over 3,500 employees, Wawanesa proudly serves over two million policyholders through nine regional offices and 41 service offices in Canada and the United States. Wawanesa actively gives back to organizations that strengthen communities where it operates, donating well above internationally recognized benchmarks for excellence in corporate philanthropy. 
 We are currently looking for dedicated , driven , and enthusiastic individuals who thrive in an environment that welcomes change and are looking for an opportunity for diverse experience, advancement on a growing team. 
 Job Overview 
Working under minimal supervision, the Underwriter Sr. – Commercial Lines is responsible for analyzing the acceptability of complex and high premium volume business according to company guidelines by working collaboratively with our sales force and providing value added expertise and service to both potential and existing policyholders. 
 Job Responsibilities 
 Perform risk analysis using technology as well as external data sources for the purposes of quoting, negotiating and authorizing the acceptance of risk. 
Arrange reinsurance or subscribing companies where appropriate. 
Determine eligibility for policy renewals based on guidelines and retention goals of the company. 
Maintain accurate records of decisions made and maintain completeness of policy data. 
Communicate decisions, and respond to requests in a prompt and professional manner. 
Act as a subject matter expert for insurance policies, processes, regulations and audit. 
Mentor and train less experienced team members. 
Participate in periodic work reviews for quality assurance purposes. 
Support the development and implementation of business change. 
Ensure efficient handling of work assignments, including calls. 
Influence team members in a positive manner, and provide short term direction effectively working towards team goals. 
Foster positive working relationships with internal and external parties, including networking at industry events. 
Perform other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
 Five years Property and Casualty industry experience. 
 Post-secondary education or related business experience. 
 Completed or actively pursuing a Property and Casualty Industry Designation. 
 Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite. 
 Excellent attention to detail with the ability to review information carefully and comprehensively. 
 Excellent decision making skills with the ability to provide justification. 
 Excellent communication skills with the ability to present information in a convincing manner. 
 Excellent customer service skills. 
 Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to identify and implement solutions. 
 Adapts to change and performs effectively under pressure. 
 Ability to multi-task and monitor progress to meet deadlines. 
 Wawanesa provides its employees with a respectful , challenging and rewarding environment where they can maximize their potential while contributing to the company’s goals. Our employees are provided with highly competitive compensation packages (salaries, generous vacation allowance, leave top up, goal achievement plan, premium free benefits and a pension plan). Wawanesa provides a stable and rewarding environment for its employees in today’s challenging markets. 
 If you are interested in this exciting, challenging position with Wawanesa, apply today with your Resume. 
 Accommodations are available as needed for all applicants. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
