
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Vogt-Plastic 
 Products 
 
 Polyethylene (PE) regranulates 
 Polypropylene (PP) regranulates 
 Polystyrene (PS) regranulates 
 Polyolefin (PO) regranulates 
 
 
 Job vacancies 
 Contact 
 
 Contact person 
 Inquiry form 
 Factory sites 
 
 
 Downloads 
 
 Mandatory field Keywords* 
 Search 
 
 EN 
 DE 
 
 Job vacancies 
 Vogt-Plastic GmbH is a medium-sized family business employing 260 staff. Our core competency is the recycling of raw materials from packaging waste (yellow bag recycling) with a focus on the manufacturing of regranulates for the plastics processing industry in Europe and throughout the world. 
 
 Apply now 
 
 Working at Vogt-Plastic 
 Working for Vogt-Plastic you will find more than just a secure job. Everyone is important in recycling and protecting resources. Whether part of the workforce in production, maintenance, logistics or in sales - everyone is jointly working together towards the same objective and enjoy the same level of appreciation. Committed and skilled employees are actively driving forward the closing out of raw materials cycles - we have an exciting journey ahead of us. That's why training and continuous professional development are an essential part of our human resources strategy. 
 What else you might expect: 
 Prospects and achievements: 
 
 Personal continuous professional development within the company 
 Promoting participation in advanced and continuous professional development initiatives 
 Special payments 
 Capital formation benefits 
 Company pension scheme 
 
 Positive working conditions and healthy working environment 
 
 Open communication 
 Team spirit 
 Short decision-making pathways 
 30 days' annual leave; special leave for special personal events 
 
 Become part of the Vogt-Plastic family and help to build the future of recycling. 
 Apply now 
 Job application documents 
 Have we piqued your interest? Then please submit your detailed job application documents to 
 For Rheinfelden, Rickenbach or Hottingen 
 Vogt-Plastic GmbH 
Bukheinstraße 4 
79618 Rheinfelden 
Phone +49 7623 / 79776-0 
 personal@vogt-plastic.de 
 For Premnitz 
 Vogt-Plastic GmbH 
Paul-Schlack-Straße 1 
14727 Premnitz 
Phone +49 3386 / 2139510 
 personal@vogt-plastic.de 
 Any questions? 
 We are happy to answer any questions you may have about our products and services. Use our inquiry form, we will contact you as soon as possible. 
 Inquiry form 
 Factory sites 
 
 Rheinfelden factory > 
Main factory 
 Rickenbach factory > 
 Hottingen factory > 
 Premnitz factory > 
 
 Job vacancies 
 At Vogt-Plastic GmbH you will find more than just a safe workplace. When it comes to recycling and resource protection, everyone is important. 
 Open vacancies 
 Copyright Vogt Plastic © 2021 |  Imprint/Disclaimer  |  Data privacy  |  Terms 
 Conception & design:  www.kommunikation-design.de 
