X 
 Looking for onsite injury prevention and management for your workforce? 
 Leave us your email and we will get in touch with you as soon as we can! 
 Email 
 Thank you! Your submission has been received! 
 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 
 Share: 
  
  
  
 
 Mon-Fri | 8:00A-6:00P EST 
Business Service hours 
 Contact Form 
Get in touch with us 
 (888) 968-2980 
Give us a call today 
 Home About 
 Services 
 Telehealth Injury Prevention Ergonomics Wellness Management Injury Management 
 
 careers contact us Blog Live-Fit 
 Blog 
 Is a Job Rotation Program a Fit for Your Organization 
 By 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 April 25, 2019 
 September 30, 2020 
 Published 
  
 Injury Prevention 
 With a new generation taking over the U.S. workforce, new opportunities and challenges have developed which companies are being forced to deal with in today's current business climate. One of these challenges is keeping workers engaged in their daily work which decreases the risks of employees jumping ship for other employment opportunities. 
 Attracting and retaining high-quality talent is the name of the game in 2019, and a trend that will only continue moving forward. One study found a mere  15%  of employees worldwide are engaged in their jobs. One workforce strategy looks to meet the challenge of employee engagement, job rotation programs. Let's talk more about exactly what job rotation programs are, their benefits, and also challenges with this employee engagement strategy. 
 What is a job rotation program? 
 The  Society for Human Resource Management  defines job rotation as, “a policy enabling staff members to develop knowledge, new skills and a broader understanding of organizational operations and programs to utilize staff more effectively.” A job rotation program moves staff among various positions to grow skills and expand overall knowledge about the different operations within the business. For example, an employee participating in a job rotation program would cycle through three different positions, with each rotation lasting around six to twelve months. This gives ample time for the employee to learn the new role and develop the knowledge/skills to perform the job effectively. The end result is a well-rounded employee who acts as a Swiss army knife, able to fill in for many different roles and become a true asset to the organization. 
 What are the benefits? 
 Employee Motivation 
 Job rotation programs are all about engaging and growing your workforce, but it can also be a great resource for increasing  employee motivation . When employees work at a company that encourages developing new skills and provides new opportunities to grow, they are gifted back with employees who are motivated to work. This motivation also helps with retention, as employees who are motivated are less likely to switch jobs. An organizational culture filled with motivated employees is a positive environment that attracts top talent which turns into a win for both employees and the overall business. 
 " Jack of all trades" 
 When employees are cycled through different departments and/or positions, they become more well-rounded and possess a more diversified skill set. Having employees who can jump into multiple roles is a great asset for any organization. It not only benefits the employee but the entire organization when employees are well trained in different areas of the business. Well-rounded employees are an asset that can improve operational performance 
 Reduces Boredom 
 This is a no-brainer when an employee is involved in a job rotation program the risk of boredom decreases dramatically. Employees are engaged and focused on learning new skills and developing new knowledge which decreases workplace boredom. Workplace boredom is an enemy of employee engagement and actually decreases operational performance as employees who are bored are not going to put forth maximum effort in their daily tasks. Job rotation helps alleviate this boredom by keeping employees engaged and challenged through learning new roles. 
 Decreases ergonomic-related injuries 
 For certain industries (e.g. manufacturing) routine and mundane job activities can increase the risk of ergonomic-related injuries in the workplace. A decade long OSHA  study  found an estimated $1 of every $3 spent on workers' compensation costs stemmed from ergonomic issues, with estimated annual costs totaling $54 billion. A job rotation program can help lower these costs for an organization, allowing the business to take these cost savings and invest back into the business. 
 Succession Planning 
 A major benefit of a job rotation program is the benefit of built-in succession planning. When you have employees who can cover a number of different positions it lowers the risk of business disruptions if an employee leaves the company. Another employee who is knowledgeable and skilled in the newly vacated position can easily fill in and help the company continue on the journey of meeting its objectives. 
 What are the challenges? 
 Disrupting Workflows 
 A Robert Half Management Resources survey found  56%  of CFOs surveyed said they had not put into practice a formal job rotation program. The main reasoning being the logistical challenges of moving employees around while trying not to disrupt critical workflows to ensure the company runs like a well-tuned clock. 
 Not a Fix All Solution 
 If employee engagement is a major issue at a company, a job rotation program may not solve all of their woes. For example, if employee engagement is rooted in another issue,  such as organizational culture , then a job rotation program may not be the best strategy to improve overall engagement. The opposite actually might occur which could disengage employees and cause further organizational friction leadership must address in order for the business to run efficiently moving forward. 
 Increase in Errors 
 This is a major challenge and one that can pose a great risk to an organization. Anytime you have employees working new positions within the company, the risk for human errors increases. Depending on the industry this can lead to errors that lead to injuries or cause adverse impact to the financial well -being of the company. For example, a worker on an assembly line using new mechanical equipment has a higher risk of injury or a financial analyst working in a new department could create financial errors which negatively impact the company. Management must always weigh the risks of a job rotation program and put in place needed controls to ensure job rotation risks are mitigated properly. 
 Wrapping Up 
 Job rotation programs can be an excellent strategy to help with employee engagement within any organization. Companies that actively play a role in developing their staff will reap the rewards for years to come. A job rotation program provides an excellent platform to develop and grow the assets which are the lifeblood of any organization, its employees.  Richard Branson  said it best, "If you take care of your employees, they will take care of the clients." 
 Share 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 Kimber has been with Work-Fit for over 14 years and has dedicated her professional career to helping others. 
 Director of Operations 
   
 Categories 
 Infographics 
 Injury Prevention 
 Ergonomics 
 recent posts 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Common Carpentry In juries and How to Prevent Them 
 How To Stay Safe While Landscaping 
 See More 
 Why Leadership Programs Are Essential For Workplace Wellness 
 Best Postures For Standing, Sitting, And Lying Down 
 5 Ways to Prevent Slips, Trips, & Falls in the Workplace 
 Protecting Your Eyes At Work 
 Employee Altercations and How to Stop Them Early 
 How Employee Wellness Programs Save Your Company Money 
 Implementing Effective Workplace Wellness Initiatives 
 Understanding and Applying OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Programs 
 Overuse Injuries: Causes, Prevention, and Rehabilitation 
 Keeping You Working with Light Duty  
 Preventing Injuries and Keeping the General Motors Team Fit 
 The Unseen Hazards of “Low-Hazard” Industries 
 How to Prevent & Rehab Common Sprains & Strains 
 Addressing Hand-Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) in the Workplace 
 Finding The Best Work Gloves For Safety 
 How Effective Breaks at Work Increase Productivity 
 Ladder Safety For Your Employees 
 Forklifts Are More Dangerous Than You Think 
 The Most Important Safety Tips For Working On a Full-Fledged Construction Site 
 Staying Awake on the Job: Rest, Recovery, and Your Sleep Habits 
 Tips for the Aging Workforce 
 Workplace Warm-ups for Physically Demanding Jobs 
 5 Cost-Effective Back Injury Prevention Best Practices 
 5 Mindful Tips and Motivational Tools for Your Quarantined Workforce 
 Keeping Your Bartender Healthy & Injury-Free 
 Sports Medicine Techniques Promote Safety for Rail-Track Workers 
 How Sports Medicine Techniques Can Improve Plumbing Health and Safety 
 The Little Known Dangers That Put Concrete Workers at Risk 
 The Possible Injury Related Dangers for Fishing Workers 
 Think Twice Before Taking NSAIDs 
 Bus Driver Safety 
 Injury-Free Hotel Housekeeping 
 3 Public Sector Occupations That Benefit from Injury Prevention and Care 
 Proper Snow Removal Techniques 
 5 Sports Medicine Techniques for Healthcare Workplace Safety 
 Don't Let Minor Injuries Go Unnoticed In the Workplace 
 Safety in the Oil and Gas Industry 
 Work Zone Safety Practices to Protect Utility Workers 
 Preventing Injuries in the Food Preparation Industry 
 How Rehabilitation Can Help Brain Injured Veterans Return to the Workforce 
 Three Costly Risks of Ignoring OSHA Regulations 
 Yes, Drill Sergeant! Common Boot Camp Injuries and How to Prevent Them 
 3 Reasons Why Return to Work Programs are Critical for Operational Performance 
 How a CCTV Safety Program Will Make Your Company Safer 
 3 Important Reasons for Early Injury Reporting 
 Our Hospital Heroes Need Help! - Ergonomic Improvements That Keep Nurses Saving Lives 
 Stopping Health Care Workers from Becoming Patients: 3 Ergonomic Injury Risk Prevention Strategies 
 Three Strategies for Proactive Prevention of Workplace Injuries 
 The Costs of Ignoring Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 On Repeat: Workplace Solutions for Repetitive Motions 
 5 Keys to Ensure Employee Safety When Storing Hazardous Materials 
 5 Signs Your Company Needs an Ergonomics Evaluation 
 Is a Job Rotation Program a Fit for Your Organization 
 Four Ways to Address Ergonomic Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 Taking Out the Trash - 3 Ways to Keep Waste Management Workers Healthy 
 3 Big Ways to Stay Comfortable While Flying the Friendly Skies 
 5 Ergonomic Best Practices for Emergency First Responders 
 5 Common Safety Hazards Present in Warehouse Operations 
 Musculoskeletal Conditions Slowing Down the Trade Industry 
 5 Tips for Establishing a Workplace Safety Committee 
 Planting the Seeds of Safety in the Agriculture Industry 
 Heat or Ice? Settling the Debate When It Comes to Workplace Injuries 
 10 Ways to Stop Workplace Injuries Related to Pushing & Pulling  
 Practicing Progressive Muscle Relaxation For Stress Relief 
 Carrying Up Stairs & Keeping Your Workers Safe on the Job 
 Vehicle Loading and Unloading: Keeping Your Workers Safe 
 Injury Prevention Within the Logging Industry 
 How Reach Zones Help Manufacturing Employees Lead Safer Lives 
 Safety Tips For Roofers 
 Proper Workstation Lighting Ergonomics In The Office 
 Proper Lifting Technique To Teach Your Employees 
 Back Support Tips for Truck Drivers 
 Helpful or Harmful: Caffeine and Headaches INFOGRAPHIC 
 Truck Driving Ergonomics 101 
 Unseen Benefits of Ergonomic Footrests At Your Desk 
 Practice Ladder Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 How to Stay Hydrated INFOGRAPHIC 
 Fire Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 Desk Ergonomics 101 
 5 Senses to Help Manage Stress INFOGRAPHIC 
 Sitting Disease & How to Avoid It 
 Workplace Stress Management Techniques 
 Eye Fatigue: Management & Prevention 
 Health & Wellness Management for Office Workers 
 How to Sit Properly At Your Desk 
 How Wellbeing in the Workplace Improves Brand Health 
 How to Boost Employee Morale and Motivation (Without Raising Salary) 
 5 Ways to Use Feedback to Boost Morale at Work 
 5 Studies That Prove the Benefits of Ergonomics 
 How an Accident at Work Hurts More Than the Employee 
 Work-Related Injuries That Your Company Can Prevent 
 5 Work Culture Strategies to Improve Employee Health 
 How to Reduce Your Lost Time Injury Rates 
 How Can My Company Reduce Workers' Comp Expenses? 
 How to Improve Employee Wellness in Nursing Homes 
 More Posts In 
 Injury Prevention 
 [ 
 How To Stay Safe While Landscaping 
 While it may seem like it doesn’t, landscaping comes with plenty of hazards. Learn all of the hazards involved in Landscaping here. 
 Read More](/blog/how-to-stay-safe-while-landscaping) 
 [ 
 Why Leadership Programs Are Essential For Workplace Wellness 
 Finding employees and teaching them leadership skills is becoming increasingly difficult for some organizations. Learn how to teach them these skills here. 
 Read More](/blog/why-leadership-programs-are-essential-for-workplace-wellness) 
 [ 
 5 Ways to Prevent Slips, Trips, & Falls in the Workplace 
 It only takes a second of not paying attention to slip on a wet floor, fall down a flight of stairs, or trip over protruding objects. LEarn how to prevent these accidents here. 
 Read More](/blog/5-ways-to-prevent-slips-trips-falls-in-the-workplace) 
 Check Out More Blogs 
 Here 
 Check Out Our Services 
 Here 
    
 Phone: (888) 968-2980 
 Get Started 
 © 2018 WORK-FIT |  Site Privacy  |   Patient Privacy  |  Sitemap 
 Powered by Scale 
