Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Assurance Supervisor – Corporate Programs 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Since the legalization of recreational Cannabis in October 2018, HEXO Corp has experienced incredible growth. As one of Canada’s top Cannabis companies, we continue to advance in this exciting new industry along with the incredibly talented people we have working on the team. 
 HEXO Corp creates globally trusted brands of easy-to-use and easy-to-understand cannabis products. HEXO Corp is a serious, business-oriented and socially responsible organization that is building dynamic teams of professionals that aren't afraid to step outside of their role, try new things and challenge the status quo. 
 If you are excited to take on a new challenge and are open to getting out of your comfort zone, we’re looking for people like you to join the HEXO Corp family. 
 Quality Assurance Supervisor – Corporate Programs 
Reporting to the Vice President, Quality, the Quality Assurance Supervisor – Corporate Programs will be responsible for the implementation and ongoing management of the Quality assurance programs for medical and adult use cannabis in strict compliance with Health Canada’s Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (ACMPR) and Cannabis regulations. The Quality Assurance Supervisor - Programs is responsible for supporting the company’s Quality Assurance, production, maintenance and facilities departments. 
 Role and Responsibilities: 
 
 Implement and maintain enhanced HEXO Document Management System including development of library, management of templates, oversight on revision cycles, management of approvals and workflows, upload of documents. 
 Support revision of HEXO Preventative Control Plan using HACCP based approach for all processes at all sites 
 Coordination of work to ensure the successful implementation of HEXO Quality Management System in alignment with regulatory compliance requirements and achievement of business goals. The Quality Assurance Supervisor will work closely with site teams to ensure that quality standards are established, implemented and maintained throughout all manufacturing operations. 
 Support development and implementation of HEXO internal quality audit program 
 Provides support for preparation of COA’s for released product lots 
 Assists in quality assurance activities and ensure compliance with Health Canada’s guidelines and guidelines pertaining to production, processing, packaging, labeling, shipping 
 Provides support to ensure compliance of Change Control System, Complaints System, Validation Deviation Investigation Reports (DIR), including Root Cause Analysis (RCA), Corrective and Preventative Action (CAPA). 
 Supports creation of quarterly Quality Assurance Reports for management. 
 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline (Food, Physical, or Biological Sciences preferred) is required 
 HACCP experience required, preferably writing and maintaining HACCP programs 
 Food safety background a strong asset 
 Previous experience in a quality assurance role required 
 Detail oriented and self-directed in execution of tasks required 
 Strong critical thinking and leadership skills 
 Proven ability to effectively use Microsoft Office Applications including SharePoint 
 Keen learner, who continually strives to improve their skills and knowledge 
 Motivated team player with strong communication skills and attention to detail 
 Familiarity with Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations and Cannabis Regulations is an asset 
 Bilingual is an asset 
 
 HEXO Corp. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, veteran status, or genetic information and encourages applications from all minority groups. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
