  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 English 
 
 English Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance English Translator ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/english) 
 Yesterday 
 Part time Bilingüal Real Estate Cold caller for company in Florida 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 About the position: 
This is a position where you will be calling people to help them avoid the foreclosure of their properties. Your job is to offer them help to eventually convert that lead into a cash offer. 
 Time for the project: 
Long term, part-time, 20 hours a week. 
 Requirements (must have): 
- fluent in spanish (writing and speaking). 
- Fluent English (Writing and speaking). 
- Experience in Real Estate calls or very similar projects. 
 -Experience using a dialer. 
- Good and Neutral accent. 
 Compensation: 
Good but it's upon experience too 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  R. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 Local landing page service writer 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 4 
 I need to write 8 landing pages for Service + Location . All text need to be unique, no spin. 
Need around 1000 words each so 8000 words total. 
 Native English writer. 
 Please send me the price per 1000/words and for the full project. 
 Start the proposal with ¨Sol¨ , if not I will delete it automatically. 
 Thanks 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. Thailand Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 days ago 
 Bilingual Real Estate Appointment Setter 
 Published: 4 days ago  Bids: 2 
 The appointment setter will establish relationships with qualified leads by way of cold calls -- with the purpose of setting up appointments to view or list properties for sale. A variety of tasks might be expected in addition to phone work, including administrative tasks such as data entry, reporting, and invoice creation. 
 Duties: 
 contact potential customers by phone to explain products, services, and purchase information about properties for sale. 
Use customer information to initiate cold calls and deliver a scripted sales talk in order to persuade the customer to attend a meeting to discuss sales options for a timeshare opportunity or property. 
Might also be responsible for maintaining a record of contacts, accounts, and orders, in addition to the task of passing information about successful communications onto the appropriate sales representatives. 
 Additional duties might include follow-up correspondence with customers, training of newly hired appointment setters, and communication with local businesses to arrange for donations or to plan events. 
Qualifications: 
 Being able to establish relationships, strike up impromptu conversations, and explain products and services in a way that both engages and informs potential customers. 
Since it is an entry-level position, experience is rarely necessary, but a history of working in a sales or promotional capacity would be a HUGE benefit. 
 Spanish Speaker. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Telesales 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Last reply: Yesterday  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 4 days ago 
 Write 5 articles (2 word pages) 
 Published: 4 days ago  Deadline: 4 Bids: 9 
 Write in English 5 articles of about 700 words each (2 word pages) which must include given vocabulary. 
Topics: 
1-The language of Employment Law 
2-THE LANGUAGE OF BUSINESS LAW 
3-The language of European Union Law 
4-Free movement of Goods 
5-Agreements between competitors 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Y. Spain Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Phone Representative Required (Latin America Only) 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Hello I am Armando and we are looking for someone to join our Virtual Assistants team. 
 We are an automotive parts retailer based in the United States and most of our sales come from online and phone orders, we receive calls during the days from our customers asking for support to place an order, ask questions about a part, find the right part for their vehicle and more (Proper training will be provided and all the necessary tools) 
 These tasks will include but are not limited to: 
 - Helping customers through Phone Calls (Primary task, must be able to understand and speak English native speakers) 
- Simple use of excel documents 
- Data Entry 
- Any other tasks that may be required during the working hours. 
 We work from Mondays to Fridays.- Must be willing to work 35-40 hours a week 
 Things to consider: 
 - Have a fluent english level and being able to speak to native english speakers through the phone 
- You must have a computer with a reliable and strong internet connection, headset and/or microphone (Also a backup plan incase your electricity or internet fails) 
- A quiet working place is also a plus, where you can work uninterrupted 
- Willing to learn new things and work as a team to complete all the assigned tasks and objectives 
- We will start with a trial period of 1 week which will be paid and we will decide if we want to continue working together 
- Have a similar timezone to America's Eastern Time (GMT-4). 
 Please feel free to apply if you meet all the requirements above so we may discuss the details furthermore. Thank you! 
 Please write what's the capital of Germany in your proposal. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  A. B. Colombia 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Publishing Company Seeking English to Spanish Translator for Sarcas... 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 10 
 Need an English to (neutral) Spanish translator for multiple non fiction book projects. 
 You  must be a native Spanish speaker. 
 This particular project is a 30k word sarcastic/humorous/sassy self help book. 
 Due to the style / tone of the book and sense of humor, knowledge of Western culture, and preferably a millennial in their 20s-30s is needed for this particular project. 
 If you fit that, please let us know.  If you don't fit that, also let us know, as we have other translation projects available that do not have those requirements and are more straightforward in their translation. 
 We would like this project to be completed within 2 weeks. 
 Budget is $250 USD. 
 Successful completion of 1 project can lead to more job opportunities for the right translator. 
 When submitting, must include answers to all questions. 
 We look forward to hearing from you! 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. M. P. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Thailand Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 weeks ago 
 Publishing Company Seeking English to Spanish Translator for 30k Wo... 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 11 
 Need an English to (neutral) Spanish translator for multiple non fiction book projects. 
 You  must be a native Spanish speaker. 
 This particular project is a 30k word non fiction self help book. 
 We would like it to be completed within 2 weeks. 
 Budget is $250 USD. 
 Successful completion of 1 project can lead to more job opportunities for the right translator. 
 When submitting, must include answers to all questions. 
 We look forward to hearing from you! 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. M. P. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Thailand Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
