For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the   instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  
 Skip to main content 
 
 __Become a member 
 __Sign in 
 __Contact us 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Sectors 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 
 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 White papers 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Become a member  
 
 
 
 Home 
 Mining 
 28 February 2019 
 Queensland Resources Council says resources future project pipeline key to jobs growth 
 
 Queensland Resources Council says resources future project pipeline key to jobs growth 
 __Save to read list Published by  Nicholas Woodroof , Assistant Editor 
 World Coal , Thursday, 28 February 2019 10:00 
 
 Advertisement 
 The Queensland Resources Council (QRC) has said securing a long-term pipeline of new resources projects would be essential for Queensland to make further inroads into bringing down the state's unemployment rate. 
 QRC Chief Executive, Ian Macfarlane, said the release of the latest ABS figures showed Queensland's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 6% in January, just a minor decrease from 6.1% in December. 
 "We want to help bring that unemployment rate down further, and in particular to help create new jobs in regional communities such as Townsville, where the unemployment rate is higher than the state average," Macfarlane said. 
 "The resources sector has the track record of delivering jobs. The sector supports the jobs of more than 316 000 Queenslanders across the state, both in direct resources jobs and in associated industries. 
 "Over the last year the resources sector has added more than 10 000 new jobs - or a job every 40 minutes. 
 "There are more opportunities too, with online job search tool Seek currently advertising around 1250 vacancies for mining, resources and energy jobs in Queensland. 
 "Our sector is continuing to work alongside the tourism and agriculture industries, and in particular we are proud to lend a hand to the regional communities doing it tough first through the recent drought and now during the flood recovery. 
 "We want to keep employing more Queenslanders and supporting more regional communities through local investment. 
 "To do that, it's essential that we have clear and transparent rules and regulations. 
 "There is so much potential through our powerhouse commodities of coal and gas, as well as great potential in new markets for the critical minerals the Australian Government is supporting via CRC project investment, and in the North West Minerals Province which the State Government has prioritised. 
 "The potential for resources investment in Queensland is vast and lucrative. 
 "We must ensure we have the best framework for investors to be confident that Queensland is the right place to invest and create new jobs." 
 Read the article online at: https://www.worldcoal.com/mining/28022019/queensland-resources-council-says-resources-future-project-pipeline-key-to-jobs-growth/ 
 You might also like 
 
 [WEBINAR] Essential rules of adopting AI in Mining and Metals 
 Join us for a webinar with OSIsoft to learn a simple definition of AI and the benefits of adopting it into your operations, the anatomy of a successful AI project and real-world examples and success stories.  Register for free today » 
   
  Buffalo Coal appoints Independent Non-Executive Director  
 Friday 22 January 2021 11:20 
 Buffalo Coal Corp. has confirmed the appointment of Rory Taylor as Independent Non-Executive Board member and Audit Committee Chairman. 
 
 __Embed 
 __Tags 
 
 Embed article link:  (copy the HTML code below): 
 Queensland Resources Council says resources future project pipeline key to jobs growth 
 
 This article has been tagged under the following: 
  Australia coal news      Queensland Resources Council news   
 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 ×Close 
 This content is available to members only. Please  sign in  or  become a member  for free. 
 
 Member benefits 
 
 __Access to locked online articles 
 __Save articles to your read list 
 __Downloadable white papers 
 __Full website membership 
 
 Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, no credit card required. 
 
 Already a member?  Sign in  here 
 News 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 Quick links 
 
 Home 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 White Papers 
 Directory 
 Become a member 
 Sign in 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 Our team 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Website cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dry Bulk 
 
 
 Energy Global 
 
 
 Global Mining Review 
 
 
 Hydrocarbon Engineering 
 
 
 LNG Industry 
 
 
 Oilfield Technology 
 
 
 Tanks and Terminals 
 
 
 World Cement 
 
 
 World Coal 
 
 
 World Fertilizer 
 
 
 World Pipelines 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Palladian Publications Ltd. All rights reserved | Tel: +44 (0)1252 718 999 | Email:  enquiries@worldcoal.com 
