Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Wireless Sales Associate - 1087 
 OSL Retail Services Inc 
 __Wasaga Beach, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
Who are we? 
 OSL is a dynamic, people-first company providing outsourced sales solutions for some of North America’s biggest Fortune 500 companies. We believe in great people doing greater things, every day. 
 The Situation: 
Walmart Canada has partnered with OSL to operate its 350 wireless kiosk locations across Canada and we are growing. As a Wireless Sales Associate you process new activations, upgrades, prepaid plans and close sales on wireless devices and accessories. Walmart has the highest traffic of any Big Box Retailer in Canada. 
 Here’s where you come in… 
 Why? Because you’re part mobile guru and part sales ninja. You’re hungry to sell and all about awesome service. You’re passionate and want to sharpen your skills and grow along with us in a fast, fun, high-energy work environment. Good thing you’re also an outgoing personality who knows the latest mobile tech trends. 
 As a Wireless Sales Associate, you’ll be the go-to person to connect customers with the right wireless solutions for their needs. You’ll sell wireless devices, plans, and accessories. New activations and upgrades? You’re on it. Because you’re an expert on our multi-carrier platform: Rogers, Bell, Telus, Koodo, Fido, Public Mobile, Freedom Mobile, Virgin Mobile, Lucky Mobile and Chatr. 
 So what does OSL offer you? 
 Serious income potential with hourly salary plus commissions 
Wireless perks (competitions, discounts, etc.) 
Personal in-store and online LMS training 
Medical, dental, and extended health benefits 
Employee referral program (starting at $250 per successful referral) 
Vacation 
Flexible schedules with both full-time and part-time positions to meet your availability 
Real career growth, recognition and development – we nurture talent! 
The chance to become an important part of a cool, fast-growing company 
 Sounds like a good fit? Let’s talk. 
 For more info before submitting your application, contact us:  careers@oslrs.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
