Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 3 Ways to Improve your Employability as a Recent Grad 
 Katheryn Rivas    24th October    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=3%20Ways%20to%20Improve%20your%20Employability%20as%20a%20Recent%20Grad%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fimprove-your-employability-as-a-recent-grad%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 So you've just graduated from college, and you're either looking for full-time work or you've found a job that's far from your dream job. Either way, the development of your career will happen in small steps and giant leaps. Though it'll all seem incredibly slow, understand that Rome was not built in a day. 
 There are many things you can do during your down time to prepare yourself for your first (or next) job and improve your employability as a recent grad. It's all about picking up new skills and constantly challenging yourself. Here's how: 
 1. Brush up on a foreign language, or learn a new language. 
 In our increasingly globalized economy, those who insist on staying monolingual will only get left behind. If you took some classes in a foreign language in college or high school, try to aim for fluency by joining conversation and culture clubs, continuing taking lessons, and practicing. If you'd like to learn an entirely new language, go for it! Multilingualism increases your chances of employment drastically, especially if the languages are Spanish, Chinese, Russian, French, or Portuguese. 
 2. Learn how to use a wider variety of computer programs. 
 Computers are perhaps doubly more important than language skills in the workforce. While only some positions will require you to speak a foreign language, every position makes use of a computer. Of course, you're probably pretty adept at using a computer, but it's important to stay on top of which programs are being used in your desired field. A solid grounding in  HTML  is necessary for most types of jobs, but there are other capabilities that are increasingly being deemed necessities depending on the industry, like InDesign, Photoshop, SQL, and more. 
 3. Read the newspaper every day, a magazine every week, and a book every month. 
 More than anything, employers look for well-rounded, intelligent people who are engaged in the world around them. Being aware of current events, of history, and of culture, is not only good in terms of  personal development , but it can help you become more employable as well. While the newspapers and magazines I read were usually pretty general, I made sure to read books that were in some way involved with my career field. Personally, I turned this rule into a habit, and after a year, I was well on my way to being able to converse about important topics with just about anyone. And that's impressive come interview time! 
 If you're  un- or underemployed , do not give up hope. Wait things out and make use of your free time to improve your chances of finding better work soon. Good luck! 
 What other tips would you share to improve one 's employability as a recent grad? 
 Photo by FreeDigitalPhotos . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard how many people live in new york ,  Powered by Article Dashboard live mail ,  Powered by Article Dashboard digital people ,  Powered by Article Dashboard ny and company ,  Powered by Article Dashboard contest for money ,  Powered by Article Dashboard the secret of long life ,  Powered by Article Dashboard find people by email ,  Powered by Article Dashboard creative writing exercises ,  Powered by Article Dashboard group health credit ,  Powered by Article Dashboard make lots of money 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 By  Katheryn Rivas  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Katheryn Rivas  is a freelance writer and blogger whose primary writing interests are college life, personal finance, career advice, and entrepreneurship. Katheryn welcomes your comments at katherynrivas87@gmail.com 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Manage Career Transition Stress  
  _ _     5 Tips for the Brand New Employee  
  _ _     How Lifelong Learning Can Open New Doors in Your Career  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
