Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Asset Protection Representative 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
18120 Yonge St, Newmarket, Ontario, L3Y4V8 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Real Canadian Superstore in Newmarket Ontario is looking for an Asset Protection Representative. Enjoy an exciting career with one of the largest Asset Protection teams in Canada and help keep our stores a great place for customer’s to shop! 
 Are you detailed oriented, organized, patient, able to work independently and cool under pressure? If so we have a career for you! Working in a dynamic environment, you will partner with our store management team to ensure product loss is minimized and Asset Protection awareness is prioirty. Your expertise in safety and investigation contributes to our bottom line, mitigates loss and increases profitability. 
 There is more to Loblaw than just a paycheck. We will reimburse your annual security license costs and support your ongoing career development with in-house training programs and tuition assistance. We offer a competitive pay rate, a 10% Colleague Discount program as well as a company matched Pension Plan, Health Benefits, and Employee Stock Purchase Program. 
 As an Asset Protection Representative, You will: 
Deter, detect and apprehend for theft and fraud within our retail locations 
Collaborate with other APRs to investigate provincial or national ORC cases when they arise 
Collaborate with the local Police Service regularly 
Detect and investigate internal investigations; compile and present evidence for the purpose of court or arbitration 
Detect and identify potential shrink opportunities within our operational core compliance 
Build and maintain store partnership through management meetings & huddles; coach and mentor colleagues regarding Asset Protection policies and procedures 
Participate in conducting store level audits 
Participate in Community Events 
Available to work a variety of shifts including days, evenings, nights, and weekends (40 hour work week with the ability to create your own schedule after receiving approval from your manager). 
 Required Skills, Qualifications & Experience: 
Valid Provincial Security Guard License required 
Basic understanding of the of Criminal Code of Canada, Trespass to Property Act and Powers of Arrest 
Basic knowledge of CCTV and/or surveillance systems & have a working knowledge of Windows based applications (Word, Power Point and Outlook). 
Professional, friendly and approachable demeanor. 
A high degree of initiative and integrity required to be successful in a dynamic environment 
 How You will Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you and you are open-minded, responsive to change, and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today . 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
