Skip to content 
 Torrence Boone 
 Vice President—Global Client Partner at Google 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Career 
 Contact 
 Photo Gallery 
 Press 
 Multimedia 
 
   
 Career 
 Torrence Boone has more than 20 years of experience driving transformative results for marketers and brands as they navigate technological disruptions and a constantly-evolving marketplace. 
 Learn more about Torrence's record of achievement below by exploring his professional history! 
 Experience 
 Vice President, Global Client Partner 
 Google | July 2018—Present 
 Vice President, Global Agency Sales & Brand Services 
 Google | Jan. 2015—July 2018 
 Managing Director 
 Google | Jan. 2010—Dec. 2014 
 President 
 Digitas, Boston | Apr. 2001—May 2008 
 Vice President/Global Practice Lead 
 Avenue A (now Razorfish) | Nov. 1999—Apr. 2001 
 Senior Manager 
 Bain & Company | Sep. 1995—Nov. 1999 
 Education 
 Harvard Business School 
 MBA, Business | 1995 
 Stanford University 
 BA, Economics (Honors) | 1991 
 Phillips Academy Andover 
 High School (  Cum Laude  ) | 1987 
 Board Positions 
 Citizen Schools 
 Chairman of the Board, NY Chapter 
 Effie Worldwide 
 Member, Board of Directors | 2017—Present 
 Pond5 
 Member, Board of Directors | 2016—Present 
 Finish Line 
 Member, Board of Directors | 2011—2018 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Follow @torrenceboone 
 Error: Please make sure the Twitter account is  public . 
 Social Media 
 
  LinkedIn  
   
  YouTube  
  Medium  
  Behance  
  Vimeo  
  Google  
   
 
 Press 
 
 2016 Top 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America Announced by Savoy Magazine 
 A Provincetown Breeze Drifts Indoors with Local Art 
 A Radical Transformation 
 ‘A Better Chance’ is Changing the Landscape of Leadership 
 Cannes: Google’s agency-sales head wants to push creativity 
 Diversity champions: UPstanding’s top 100 ethnic-minority executives 
 Google’s Torrence Boone joins the board of stock footage marketplace Pond5 
 Media Fragmentation & Proliferation of Devices Makes Consumer Behaviour Complex: Torrence Boone, Google 
 My first brief at Google was go and make friends: Google's Torrence Boone 
 Torrence Boone of Google: How to lead a team to accomplish the impossible 
 Video: Google on the importance of online video 
 Why Google will be back at the Cannes Lions 
 World's Top Advertising Groups Come Together with Google to Mobilize Gen Z Around the Sustainable Development Goals 
 World’s largest advertising companies put their differences aside for the Common Future 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
