Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Management & Sales Internship 
 Sherwin-Williams 
 __Gatineau, QC 
 Apply Now 
 WELCOME TO SHERWIN-WILLIAMS 
Here, we believe there’s not one path to success, we believe in careers that grow with you. Whoever you are or wherever you come from in the world, there’s a place for you at Sherwin-Williams. We provide you with the opportunity to explore your curiosity and drive us forward. We’ll give you the space to share your strengths and we want you to show us what you can do. You can innovate, grow and discover in a place where you can thrive and Let Your Colors Show! 
Sherwin-Williams values the unique talents and abilities from all backgrounds and characteristics. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply, including individuals with disabilities and Protected Veterans. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION: 
The Sherwin-Williams Management & Sales Internship is a PAID, 10-12-week program over the course of the summer, offering hands-on experience in management, sales and store operations while delivering meaningful customer experiences. Our store internship program is designed to provide you with a comprehensive learning experience by gaining practical business-to-business and retail experience working in a paint store. You will gain insight on a career in outside sales by traveling with a Sales Representative and spending structured time with your management team. You will also complete a project that addresses critical business issues alongside your peers and with the support of leadership. 
 What’s in it for you: 
Our intern experience provides professional-level learning in the following areas: 
 
 Sales 
 Marketing/Promotions 
 Merchandising 
 Customer Relationship Management 
 Business Management 
 
 With our promote-from-within philosophy, interns who successfully complete the program are encouraged to apply to the Management & Sales Training Program to further their career with Sherwin-Williams! 
 OUR MUST HAVES – Hit apply if you meet all of them! 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 Be 18 years of age or older 
 Possess a valid Driver’s License. 
 Be legally authorized to work in country of employment without requiring sponsorship for employment visa status, now or in the future. 
 Enrolled in an accredited four-year college or university at time of internship. 
 
 Applicants who will be college graduates by internship start are not eligible. These candidates are encouraged to apply to our Management and Sales Training Program instead. 
 Other Qualifications: 
 
 Be willing and able to work all scheduled hours which may include evenings and weekends. 
 Must be able to retrieve material from shelves and floor stacks and lift and carry up to 50 lbs. for short distances. (Think a large bag of dog food!) 
 Must be able to operate material handling equipment safely once trained. 
 Must be able to distinguish the difference between colors, a skill used when color matching paint. 
 
 EXTRAS TO HELP YOU STAND OUT – These are not required for you to be eligible to apply, but don’t be afraid to brag about any of the following: 
 
 Prior work experience in sales, leadership or customer service 
 Willingness to relocate for this role as well as future roles 
 Ability to speak more than one language fluently 
 Extracurricular experiences (such as team sports, school newspaper, etc..) 
 Active military experience 
 
 Sherwin-Williams is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, pregnancy, genetic information, creed, marital status or any other consideration prohibited by law or by contract. 
 As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Sherwin-Williams requests state and local employment services delivery systems to provide priority referral of Protected Veterans. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
