Skip to content 
 
 Work 
 Love 
 Play 
 
 Working Moms Against Guilt 
 A working mom blog that celebrates the best of work, love and play—100% guilt-free. 
 __ Primary Menu __ 
 
 New? Start Here 
 Working Mom Resources 
 
 WMAG VIP 
 Books for Working Moms 
 Top Blogs for Working Moms 
 Top Podcasts for Working Moms 
 Mom Friendly Employers and Organizations 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 WMAG Contributors 
 Contact Us 
 Join Our Team 
 Media Kit 
 Guest Post Guidelines 
 Blogger Network 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Home 
 Work 
 What to Do While You’re Pregnant 
 
 Work 
 What to Do While You’re Pregnant 
 By   Lori Mihalich-Levin   / 
 Part 1: Using Maternity Leave to Advance(!) Your Career (3-part series) 
 By Lori Mihalich-Levin 
 If you're anything like me, you love your job (or at least your career), AND your baby. You want to do this whole maternity-leave-and-return thing in a way that is thoughtful, doesn't derail your career opportunities, and also lets you develop an incredibly close and healthy relationship with your baby. 
 If you had told me during my first maternity leave that becoming a parent would have led me to become a better employee, with even brighter career prospects, I'm sure I would have laughed. This idea seems to defy conventional wisdom. We tend to think of having a baby as something that makes us "less productive" or will lead us to "lose our edge" at work, right? 
 But with the benefit of time, experience, and a second maternity leave, I have since come to view parenthood and the maternity-leave-and-return experience as an opportunity to grow in a career, look at the world with a new perspective, gain some amazing new skills, and develop serious leadership muscles. All while being connected to and nurturing beautiful babies. 
 What I am not talking about here is working more hours or spinning your wheels worrying about work while tuning out your baby. What I am talking about is approaching your maternity leave and return in a mindful, thoughtful, and strategic way, so that you can grow in your career and focus on your baby in tandem. 
 In this three-part series – each part focused on a different stage of pregnancy,  leave , and  return  – I'll be providing questions for you to think through, to help you get your maternity leave off on the best foot possible. Spending time answering these questions and taking the actions they prompt will leave you feeling confident about your plans and will signal to your team at work that you're a committed and passionate colleague. 
 Here are some questions I challenge you to ask yourself before baby arrives: 
 Who will fill in for me at work? 
 
 How can I prepare my colleagues for my leave in a well-planned, thoughtful way? 
 Who will take over which projects, and do they have the resources they need to get the job done? 
 Who needs to meet whom? Have I made the necessary introductions? 
 Have I documented any routine processes I use that others might not know about? 
 
 What key conversations need to happen before I go out? 
 
 What conversations should I have with my boss about things like the length of my leave, who will cover what, how (and how often) I will communicate when I'm out, whether I can phase-back my return, and what work I expect to resume when I come back? 
 What conversations should I have with other teammates or direct reports about each of these issues? If other colleagues are taking over projects while I'm out, what are their expectations about what will happen upon my return? What are my expectations? 
 
 Can I get credit for a well-planned leave and return? 
 
 Can I build planning-my-maternity-leave into my official goal-setting process, and can I be evaluated on it at annual review time? 
 
 Have I figured out my childcare options? 
 
 Have I talked to others who have used the types of childcare options I'm exploring (center-based daycare, in-home daycare, nanny, nanny share, au pair)? 
 If I'm planning to use daycare, have I put myself on any required waitlists? Can I plan to visit one per month to spread out the visits? 
 Are there parent listservs in my area that might be helpful in this search? 
 
 Can I plan ahead for pumping? 
 
 Can I block times for pumping milk on my calendar now, so that I can carve out time in my day before other meetings get scheduled? 
 
 Who can help guide me through this? 
 
 Are there colleagues who recently have gone on leave at my organization who can tell me about their experiences? 
 What do I like about their approach? What do I dislike? 
 Are there other new parent communities (online or in-person) where I can meet other working mamas? 
 
 Is finding time to take care of myself a daily habit? If not, how do I make it one? 
 
 What fills me up and calms me down? If I'm not sure, can I journal about it? 
 What can I do now to make daily self-care a habit? 
 
 If you focus on planning a smooth transition, taking care of yourself, and supporting yourself through new parent communities, you'll be in for a boost of self-confidence as you make this big life change. And you'll be telling your employer that you're a committed team member who is and will remain a star employee. 
 Next up… 
 Part 2:  What to Do While You're Out on Maternity Leave 
 Part 3:  Maternity Leave Ending? What to Do When You're Back in the Office 
 Lori Mihalich-Levin, JD, is the founder of Mindful Return  and creator of the  Mindful Return E-Course  (next session starts October 5), that helps women make the transition back to work after maternity leave. A health care lawyer, she is also mama to two beautiful red-headed boys (ages 2 and 4). 
 Tags:  career ,  childcare ,  maternity leave ,  pregnancy to baby 
 You may also like 
 
 
 Breathing New Life into This Old Blog 
 
 
 By   Susan Wenner Jackson   / 
 
 
 Daily Planner for Working Moms (Free Printable) 
 
 
 By   Susan Wenner Jackson   / 
 
 
 Being a "Mom Taxi" Was Sucking My Soul, So I Quit 
 
 
 By   Susan Wenner Jackson   / 
 
 
 How I Solved My "What's for Dinner?" Problem—Permanently 
 
 
 By   Susan Wenner Jackson   / 
 
 
 Day in the Life of a Muslim Working Mom 
 
 
 By   Uma Isla   / 
 Post navigation 
 Local Blog Networks: Getting the Family Friendly Scoop in Your City 
 The Very Best Books for Children: Our Top Picks 
 8 thoughts on "What to Do While You’re Pregnant" 
 
 
 Pingback:  What to Do While You’re Out on Maternity LeaveWorking Moms Against Guilt 
 
 
 Pingback: Using Maternity Leave to Advance(!) Your Career: What to Do While You're Out on Maternity Leave | Mindful Return 
 
 
 Pingback:  Maternity Leave Ending? What to Do When You’re Back at the Office | Working Moms Against Guilt 
 
 
 Pingback: Maternity Leave Ending? What to Do When You're Back at the Office | Mindful Return 
 
 
 Pingback:  Getting Out the Door in the Morning (With One Pair of Adult Hands) | Working Moms Against Guilt 
 
 
 Pingback:  Feeling Powerless About the State of FMLA? | Working Moms Against Guilt 
 
 
 Pingback:  Using Maternity Leave to Advance(!) Your Career: What to Do While You're Out on Maternity Leave - Mindful Return 
 
 
 Pingback:  Maternity Leave Ending? What to Do When You're Back at the Office - Mindful Return 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Working Moms Against Guilt 
 A working mom blog that celebrates the best of work, love and play—100% guilt-free. 
 
 WMAG VIP 
 About Us 
 Our Policies for Disclosure, Privacy, and Comments 
 
 Copyright (C) All rights reserved.  |  Theme:  Elegant Magazine  by  AF themes . 
 __ 
