Skip to content 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 Search 
 
 Search for: Search 
 
 Ken Jelinek Realty - All things real estate blog 
 All you need to know to get what you want in real estate 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Real Estate Geniusnous 
 The First Principles of a real estate career 
 Date:  January 29, 2020 Author:  Jelinek Real Estate   0 Comments 
 Today, advertising, marketing, and even shopping venues have been replaced significantly by all things online. Younger business people grew up with the new, current applications of technology. Texting, robocalling, customer followup, email marketing, etc. have nearly completely replaced politer, and more respectful ways of doing business. And worse, public disclosure of your private financial and medical information through data-mining is maddening. 
 Elon Musk says that reducing battery technology to its First Principles has significantly lowered costs and increased efficiency simultaneously. That's what made him a leader in battery technology worldwide. So, why not engage the First Principles of real estate? 
 One such principle is to be genuine and personal with every lead, customer, and past client. Applying the book How to Win Friends and Influence People is all you really need for that. And I say that unless you're selling more than 50 or 60 homes per year, you are NOT too busy to personalize every aspect of your business to every single person you work with. 
 Again, the First Principles of real estate begins with meeting in person, talking on the phone, sending hand-written cards, etc. as much as possible and asking lots of questions until the relationship evolves into a better idea for keeping in touch. Implementing the First Principles rule should prove to be the "elan vital" of your real estate business growth and help you stand out in 2020! 
 You might also like this article at RISMedia.com: 
 
 The Digitalization of the Real Estate Industry: Is Tech Taking Over? 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by Jelinek Real Estate 
 Licensed and putting customers first in Alaska since 1994! With the New Media and technology exploding into the real estate industry, It's critical to know how everyone's "real estate attention" has changed direction. If your realtor doesn't know it, they won't be able to meet your needs in this economy. CALL ME! Let's get you taken care of, and set on the right trajectory before the windows of opportunity close! Cell: 907-441-9505   View all posts by Jelinek Real Estate  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Why 3D Virtual Reality Cloud Meetings? 
 Next Next post: Our Location - Interactive Map Below: 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Search for: Search 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 (C) 2021  Ken Jelinek Realty - All things real estate blog 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
