Don't Forget the Roundabouts 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Aphidology 
 Bugbears 
 EntoNotes 
 Roots 
 Roundabouts and more 
 Teaching Matters 
 The Bloggy Blog 
 
   
 Tag Archives: careers 
 July 24, 2017 * 7:38 am 
 CROPSS – Inspiring biology students to consider careers in crop protection 
 
 A couple of years ago, the BBSRC decided to scrap one of their most successful and inclusive PhD training awards, the  iCASE . In their own words,  BBSRC will no longer operate an annual competition for industrial CASE (iCASE) studentships, instead allocating the majority of these studentships to the BBSRC Doctoral Training Partnerships (DTP) for awarding alongside their standard studentships.  **** At one fell stroke the BBSRC reduced the diversity of their PhD portfolio by a significant amount and also dealt a huge blow to those of us working in crop protection, at a time when food security and the need to feed the world is of paramount importance. Later that year the BBSRC, possibly in response to those of us who kicked up a public fuss about the loss of the iCASE scheme came up with a very  inadequately funded scheme called STARS  aimed at getting undergraduates interested in some of the vulnerable skill sets that the BBSRC by their actions had made even more vulnerable. Despite the paltry amount of money available I felt that I had to apply, if only because having complained about lack of funding it would show lack of commitment to the cause 🙂 I duly applied putting forward an application to run a one week crop protection summer school for fifteen students a year for three years. I was successful and last week we ran our first CROPSS Summer School here at Harper Adams University. We particularly targeted first and second year undergraduates doing biology and ecology courses at other universities with little or no agricultural content in their degrees. Our participants came from the universities of Bath, Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Liverpool and Swansea, and apart from one student who came from a farming family, they had no previous experience of agriculture, let alone crop protection. 
 The Summer School started on Sunday afternoon, with an introduction from me about why crop protection was important and how  Integrated Pest Management is all about ecology , NOT spraying and eradication, something I have been banging on about for many years 🙂 This needs to be reiterated again and again and as loudly as possible. We then had an excellent dinner and I took them all to the bar where I cruelly subjected them to a Pub Quiz, all picture rounds. The first round was all about charismatic megafauna (almost all answered correctly), then dog breeds (about 75% correct), then common British wild flowers (about 60% correct), common British trees (40% correct), common British insects (30% correct), I think you can see where I am going with this 🙂 
 The week was divided up between agronomy, entomology, nematology, plant pathology, weed science and spray technology, with a mixture of lectures, field work and laboratory work. In the evening we had guest speakers from the different crop protection sectors, from the agrichemical industry through to government, our last speaker being the Chief Plant Health Officer, Nicola Spence. The external speakers had been asked to explain how they had ended up in their current positions and to talk about careers in those areas. I was very impressed with the willingness of the students to engage with the speakers and the questions they asked were extremely discerning. 
 We were very lucky to be blessed with excellent weather and the Harper Adams University Catering Department came in for very high praise indeed 🙂 apparently our catering is much better than at the universities represented by our delegates. 
 As the old adage goes, a picture is worth a thousand words….. 
 
 Catching insects in the Natural England plots 
 
 Sorting pitfall traps catches 
 
 Plant pathology in the brand new labs 
 
 Heading off with John Reade to sample weeds 
 
 Enjoying the sun and spotting weeds 
 
 Simon Woods from the Engineering Department explaining the fine points of knap sack sprayers 
 
 Andy Cherrill extolling the joys of motorised suction sampling 
 
 Enjoying the bar with one of the guest speakers, Neal Ward 
 All in all, we all had a good time, and if you don’t believe me here are some of the responses from the student feedback 
 
 The students were great, enthusiastic, engaged and we really enjoyed the course and are very much looking forward to seeing a new CROPSS cohort next year. 
 Finally, for those of you interested, here is the timetable of the week: 
 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  agronomy ,  BBSRC ,  BBSRC STARS programme ,  careers ,  Chief Plant Health Officer Defra ,  Crop protectionsummer school ,  entomology ,  harper Adams University ,  Integrated pest management ,  IPM ,  John Reade ,  Jude Bennison ADAS ,  Louisa Dines ,  Martin Hare ,  Matt Back ,  Neal ward Biobest ,  nematology ,  Nicola Spence ,  Nigel Francis Agrii ,  plant pathology ,  Rob Farrow Syngenta ,  Simon Edwards ,  Simon Leather ,  Simon Woods ,  spray technology ,  Undergraduate summer school ,  weed science ,  weeds 
 April 19, 2016 * 11:30 am 
 EntoSci16 – a conference for future and budding entomologists 
 
 Some of you may be wondering how this World’s first came about. Well, it was all due to Twitter. After a lot of  nagging  encouragement from one of my PhD students, I finally joined  Twitter at the back-end of 2012 . Shortly afterwards I met another new Tweeter, @Minibeastmayhem ( Sally-Ann Spence in real life ) who approached me with an idea that she had tried to get off the ground for a several years – an entomology conference for children. This sounded like a great idea to me and I was extremely surprised to hear that she had been told by various entomologists that it wouldn’t work. After a bit of ‘to and fro’ on Twitter we met up for a very nice Sunday lunch and hammered out a basic plan of action and a mission statement. 
 
 Sally-Ann had done a lot of the preliminary work in approaching potential presenters and over the next couple of months we came up with a few more. I then sounded out my University (Harper Adams) who were very keen on the idea and agreed to do the publicity and the catering. We then began approaching a number of organisations for financial support and/or for stuff to put in the conference goodie bags. Surprisingly, some organisations that claim to support invertebrates and are keen on education, such as the RSPB and London Zoo, judging by their response, obviously didn’t even read our letters or only pay lip-service to the majority of the animal kingdom as they were singularly unhelpful. Undeterred by these setbacks, we persevered, and with very generous support from the  Royal Entomological Society  , both financial and in the person of their Director of Outreach, Luke Tilley, were able to put together a very exciting package of events and presenters. And very importantly, because of the generosity of our sponsors, all free for the delegates. The big day, April 13th 2016, arrived and we were as ready as we would ever be. Almost 300 students and their accompanying adults (science teachers, careers teachers and some parents) turned up on the day, and to think that at one stage we were worried that no-one would be interested 🙂 
 The delegates were all issued with colour-coded conference lanyards, and with the enthusiastic help of MSc and BSc students acting as guides, were then   
 
 started on the action-packed, and hopefully enthralling and stimulating conference circuit. 
 
 George McGavin  (our Patron) and  Erica McAlister  from the Natural History Museum (London) got the conference off to a great start with two very entertaining plenary talks about the wonders of entomology and flies respectively. After that it was on to the zones. 
 Graham & Janice Smith  with the help of  Tim Cockerill , were kept very busy with their Bugs and Beetles room,  Steffan Gates (the Gastronaut)  gave a dazzling and interactive display of entomophagy,  Amoret Whitaker  from the University of Winchester introduced the students to forensic entomology which included them processing a ‘maggot-infested crime scene’, and current and past MSc Entomology students (Soap Box Scientists), the Field Studies Council, RHS Wisley, and other exhibitors provided a very interactive and informative session in Zone 5. In the main lecture theatre,  Max Barclay , Erica McAlister, George McGavin,  Andy Salisbury ,  Darren Mann  and  Richard Comont  were subjected to a barrage of questions ranging from how much they earned, to their favourite insects, their most dangerous insect encounter, some much easier to answer than others. 
 The day was especially long for some of us, as BBC Breakfast came and did some live filming, which meant that the organisers, presenters and some hastily drafted in students had to put in an appearance at 0645. I think that they felt it was worth the effort though, if only to be able to say that they had been on TV. All in all, the day was a real buzz. Of course the real stars were the insects and other invertebrates which managed to generate real enthusiasm among the delegates and their accompanying teachers. It was wonderful to see how many of the students responded so favourably to the insects, many of whom, at first, were reluctant to get close-up and personal with them. Seeing so many young people “oohing and aahing” rather than” yukking and gagging” really made my day. I really, truly believe, that we will be seeing many of the delegates becoming professional entomologists. 
 I leave you with a few images to give you the flavour of the day.  For more professional images this link should keep you happy . 
 
 Early morning preparation, coffee was very much needed 
 
 And we're off to a great start 
 
 and it just kept getting better 
 
 and better 
 
 Some of the team, Luke Tilley, Sally-Ann Spence, Graham Smith, Tim Cockerill, George McGavin and me. 
 
 A really huge thank you to Laura Coulthard and Helen Foster, from the Harper Adams Marketing and Communications Department, who put their hearts and souls into making sure that the event ran smoothly. We couldn’t have done it without them. 
 And who knows, perhaps we will do it all again next year 🙂 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 9 Comments 
 Filed under  EntoNotes ,  Teaching matters ,  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  Andy Salisbury ,  Association of Animal Behaviour ,  Brambleby Books ,  careers ,  conference ,  Darren Mann ,  Diptera ,  eductaion ,  entomology ,  Entoprof ,  EntoSci16 ,  Erica McAlister ,  Field Studies Council ,  flies ,  George MacGavin ,  Graham & Janice Smith ,  harper Adams University ,  insects ,  London Zoo ,  Luke Tilley ,  Minibeast Mayhem ,  outreach ,  RHS Wisley ,  Richard Comont ,  Royal Entomological ,  Royal Society for Protection of Birds ,  RSPB ,  Sally-Ann Spence ,  schools ,  Simon Leather ,  Steffan Gates ,  The Gastronaut ,  Tim Cockerill ,  young entomologists ,  ZSL 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Pick & Mix 56 – gardens, forests, bogons, rewilding, ovicidal plants, David Attenborough, bucatini and faeces using bees 
 The Natural World in Haiku Form – volume 4 
 Roundabout review of the year 2020 – yet another bout of navel gazing 
 Why, to my wife’s dismay, I made a late academic career move 
 Pick & Mix 55 – carbon footprints, magic mushrooms, ecological fiction, royal rewilding, fluffy pterosaurs, invasive toads and much more 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 We can’t all be groundbreakers – we need bricklayers too 
 A Winter's Tale - aphid overwintering 
 Are PhD Examiners really ogres? 
 About 
 Entomological classics – The Moericke (Yellow) Pan Trap 
 
 
 
 Recommended reads 
 
 
 Gardening in January  on  a french garden 
 
 
 Do academic book reviews deser…  on  Ecology is not a dirty word 
 
 
 Welcome to the Conservation Ev…  on  
 
 
 'Honey - but not as we know it…  on  Adventuresinbeeland's Blog 
 
 
 Feeding the Flames  on  Ecology for the Masses 
 
 
 Parasites: Maybe They're Good?  on  Ecology for the Masses 
 
 
 What if the way Covid-19 force…  on  Scientist Sees Squirrel 
 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Aphidology 
 Aphids 
 Book Reviews 
 Bugbears 
 Entomological classics 
 EntoNotes 
 Pick and mix 
 Roots 
 Roundabouts and more 
 Science writing 
 Teaching matters 
 Ten Papers That Shook My World 
 The Bloggy Blog 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 conservationevidenceblog.wordpress.com/ 
 Scottish pollinators 
 Painting with words 
 The Old Man of Wytham 
 Ecology for the Masses 
 Fictionophile 
 46 Questions 
 The Solitary Ecologist 
 champagnewhisky 
 Freelance Nature Writer 
 RedNewtGallery 
 Brushing Up Science 
 Our French Oasis 
 Suburban Wild UK 
 Natural Latin 
 More than Weeds 
 Rediscovering the moths of Whittingehame 
 Sesquiotica 
 awkward botany 
 Ailish Sinclair 
 BugTracks 
 Student Ecologist - Bristol 
 Biocoenosis 
 a new nature blog 
 as the river goes by 
 Ideas for Sustainability 
 spiderbytes 
 Mulled Science 
 Splendor Awaits 
 Dr Franziska Kohlt 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 9,450 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 9,450 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 325,675 hits 
 
 
 
 Don't Forget the Roundabouts  * Entomology, education, conservation and genealogy 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 conservationevidenceblog.wordpress.com/ 
 Scottish pollinators 
 Updates on pollinators and pollinator projects from around Scotland 
 Painting with words 
 Everything that I want to paint with words 🎀 
 The Old Man of Wytham 
 Ecology for the Masses 
 Fictionophile 
 Fiction reviews, Bookblogger, Fiction book reviews, books, crime fiction, author interviews, mystery series, cover, love, bookish thoughts... 
 46 Questions 
 Humanizing Science by Highlighting Those That Do It 
 The Solitary Ecologist 
 champagnewhisky 
 Never cry over spilt milk. It could've been champagne. Or whisky. 
 Freelance Nature Writer 
 How I set about making money from nature, people and places writing after ditching my day job 
 RedNewtGallery 
 Where Art & Biology Collide 
 Brushing Up Science 
 Everything about presenting science: figures, fonts, typesetting, symbols, talks, posters, etc 
 Our French Oasis 
 FAMILY LIFE IN A FRENCH COUNTRY VILLAGE 
 Suburban Wild UK 
 Amanda Tuke - writer: nature, people, places 
 Natural Latin 
 everything is connected 
 More than Weeds 
 Rediscovering the moths of Whittingehame 
 Following in the footsteps of Alice Blanche Balfour to record moths at Whittingehame 
 Sesquiotica 
 Words, words, words 
 awkward botany 
 amateur botany for the phytocurious 
 Ailish Sinclair 
 Stories and photos from Scotland 
 BugTracks 
 Bringing glory to Earth's small and neglected creatures. 
 Student Ecologist - Bristol 
 Follow my journey through university on the road to becoming an ecologist! 
 Biocoenosis 
 A community alive with ecology 
 a new nature blog 
 I write about politics, nature + the environment. Some posts are serious, some not. These are my views, I don't do any promotional stuff and these views are not being expressed for anyone who employs me. 
 as the river goes by 
 Two rivers meet in a valley between the ranges and the plains... 
 Ideas for Sustainability 
 A blog by Joern Fischer and his collaborators on sustainability and landscape ecology: engaging your head and your heart 
 spiderbytes 
 This is a blog about spiders. 
 Mulled Science 
 Ponderings about the world around us 
 Splendor Awaits 
 Dr Franziska Kohlt 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
