Skip to content    
 
 the positiff blog 
 positive vibes. positive life. 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 More 
 
 June 26, 2018April 25, 2020  by  thepositiffblog 
 Travel vs. Career - do you have to choose? 
 This is a question I ask myself a hell of a lot. Do I try and excel in my career, climb that ladder and earn enough to lead as comfortable life as I can? Or pack my bags, book that ticket so I can explore the world some more before I feel the tick tock of my body telling me to settle down and act on my maternal instincts? I bet it's a question we've all asked ourselves  plenty  of times. Do I really   need  my job? Should I just  quit  and leave this all behind? What is it that I  actually want  from my twenties/thirties/and so on? 
 I'm still on the younger side of 25, but I'm thinking about these decisions daily. I've done the travelling thing once, could I do it again? Especially after almost 2 years of being at home, earning a full time wage and affording a life of freedom, meals out, nice holidays and day trips? Well, yes. I could totally travel out of a backpack again. That sense of complete and utter self-sufficiency, not having anyone or anything to answer to and planning my travels from scratch not knowing where I'd be in a month let alone a year was easily the happiest and proudest I've felt. However, I'm currently studying for my first qualification with the Chartered Institute of Marketing, loving the challenges and new experiences my job is giving me and busy planning hen do's, holidays and other fun days out. 
 This post is just to remind myself, and others, that it's okay to do either.  Or simply  strike a balance between both building a career and seeing the world.  There is no right way of living your life. No matter who tells you how you should be doing things or if something is making you feel like you're not on the right track, try and remember that it's all bullsh*t. If everyone was excelling in their career, buying their own houses and popping out 2.4 kids and buying a labrador, the world would be a bloody BORING place. Imagine the conversations in the office… 'kids good?' 'I've just redecorated my living room this weekend' 'the puppy is playing up again'. I mean, DULL. (Okay, puppy chat sounds far from dull to me, but the idea being if everyone was doing exactly the same thing, we'd all go stir crazy). 
 That's where this thing called travel comes in. What a way to open your eyes and open up new conversations! Holidays are a HUGE talking point between me and friends, colleagues and even strangers. I find it extremely hard to understand someone who doesn't love a good holiday. 3 month long trip, 3 day weekend, whatever it is, it just makes your life ten times more interesting and  gives you something to look forward to . 
 It's about realising that it doesn't have to be one or the other. You can still earn money when travelling, you can still leave your job and find another one when you return, you can still have a great fulfilling career but go on regular holidays. There are so many options available to us and that's the beauty of it! You see all these inspirational quotes about 'grinding in your twenties, building in your thirties and chilling in your fourties' flying around Instagram. But the reality of this is that it's NOT the only way to view your life. What happened to enjoying your twenties, enjoying your thirties.. oh and enjoying your fourties? Why are we so obsessed with getting this lifestyle that we're force fed as being the desired way to live? As long as I can afford to keep a roof over my head, a car to get me from A to B and do nice things with my friends and family, I'm living well in my opinion. You can build an empire in your fourties if you want, just like you can chill and enjoy your twenties if you like. The thing is, everyone is working to different goals and to a different clock. Comparison is the devil and  work and travel can go hand in hand in a way that works for you . 
 My outlook at the moment is one of no stress and no strict plan in place. It's more fun if you just enjoy the ride and keep your options open. I personally think travel is the thing money can buy that does bring you happiness. There's nothing quite like a change of scenery, mixing up your routine and getting involved in a new culture. Expand your horizons, say yes to as many opportunities as you can whilst you can, because time is the one thing we can't get back. It's not a case of one of the other. Travel, work and live your life how you see fit. 
 What are you thoughts on the career vs. travel debate? How are you seeing the world? 
 With love and busy planning a trip to Copenhagen.. 
 Tiff xx 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Travel Tagged  Advice ,  Balance ,  Blog ,  blogger ,  Career ,  Family ,  Favourites ,  friends ,  Fun ,  home ,  job ,  Lifestyle ,  Mind ,  Sun ,  Sunset ,  Travel ,  Women ,  work 
 Post navigation 
 Previous A weekend in Burnham on Sea, Somerset 
 Next Blogging for the right reasons 
 3 thoughts on "Travel vs. Career - do you have to choose?" 
 
 Melissa  says: 
 
 June 26, 2018 at 8:40 pm 
 Amen!! Work to live ☀️ ❤️ 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 descarrington  says: 
 
 June 27, 2018 at 10:09 am 
 Make your career "Travel" 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 1. **[thepositiffblog](https://thepositiffblog.wordpress.com)** says:
 
 June 27, 2018 at 10:16 am 
 That's the ultimate goal!! xx 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow The Positiff Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 115 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow the positiff blog on WordPress.com 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 Categories 
 
 Food 
 Lifestyle 
 Travel 
 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 About the blog 
 Back when I returned from travelling, without a job and wanting to keep my mind occupied, The Positiff Blog was born! 
 Enough of the perfectly preened best bits - this blog is my way of bringing reality, honesty and positivity to you. 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 search the archives 
 search the archives Select Month April 2020  July 2019  June 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
