Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Microbial Ecology 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 No job description available 
 Job Description 
 Faculty of Science, Department of Biology 
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Microbial Ecology 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations, and within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 The Department of Biology at McMaster is seeking candidates to fill a tenure-track faculty position at the Assistant Professor level in the area of Microbial Ecology. The preferred start date for the appointment is July 1, 2021. 
 The successful candidate must have a Ph.D. degree in Biology, Life Sciences or a related discipline, a record of research excellence in microbial ecology, strong communication skills, and demonstrate a commitment to working effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures. 
 The successful candidate should clearly demonstrate the potential to develop a prominent, externally funded research program, and be strongly committed to excellence in teaching and mentorship at the undergraduate and graduate levels. All potential candidates whose research focuses on any aspect of microbial ecology are encouraged to apply; however, we are particularly interested in those examining plant-microbe interactions, and those employing -omics and meta-omics approaches (genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, and/or metabolomics) and bioinformatic tools to examine these interactions. 
 The Department of Biology is a thriving community of scientists working in diverse areas, who are committed to excellence and innovation in research, training, teaching, and outreach. The Department has 30 full time research-active faculty members, 2 teaching-track faculty members, ~80 graduate students, and ~900 undergraduate students. For more information on the Department, please visit https://biology.mcmaster.ca/. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground-breaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey, which takes approximately two minutes to complete, through McMaster’s application submission portal. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean, Faculty of Science at baileyd@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to Apply 
 Complete applications must be made online at https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ (Faculty Positions, Job 34307) by the deadline to the attention of Dr. Marie Elliot, Professor & Chair, Department of Biology, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, L8S 4K1. 
 A complete application consists of: 
a cover letter (including a statement regarding whether the applicant has Canadian citizenship / permanent resident status (see below)) 
a current Curriculum Vitae, and three (3) representative publications 
a statement of research 
a statement of teaching philosophy and interests 
a statement of experience and plans for advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in post-secondary education, community-based or other professional settings (2-page maximum) 
the names and full contact information of at least three referees. Letters of reference are not required and will not be reviewed at the application stage; the Department will request letters of recommendation from referees at later stages of the search process. 
 Review of complete applications will begin November 1, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line, system-generated confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members achieve a work-life balance. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications, as stated above, MUST include one of the following statements in their application package. Applications that do not include this information will be deemed incomplete. 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
