Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) 
 Revera Inc. 
 __Carleton Place, ON 
 Apply Now 
 YOU make a difference 
 If you want to feel like you are making a difference every day, you've come to the right place. Our residents are unique and special, and so are our employees. By working in our homes, you can help create memorable experiences for our seniors. 
 Revera’s person-centred approach offers security and peace of mind to both residents and family members. We believe we work in our residents’ homes, and care passionately about providing excellent care, with state-of-the art facilities and vibrant, welcoming communities. For many of us, providing care is more than a career — it’s a calling. 
 The Opportunity 
 Ready to make a difference in the lives of seniors? We’re looking for an experienced Licensed Practical Nurse to join our team of dedicated health professionals. Reporting to the Director of Care, you will play a key role in our patient-centred, goal-directed approach to care. From evaluating clinical care plans to administering medication and other treatment, your role is as important as it is fulfilling. 
 A typical day: 
 
 Fostering relationships with residents and families to ensure plan of care is resident focused and carried out; 
 Evaluating a resident’s plan of care, ensuring the assessment is up to date and accurately documented; 
 Processing and administering medication in accordance with regulatory requirements; 
 Collaborating with and advising Health Care Aides and staff on best practices related to the delivery of our health-care programs and policies; 
 Supporting the arrival, transfer or departure of residents; 
 Responding to emerging health conditions and medical emergencies, including the delivery of first-aid care. 
 
 What YOU bring 
 
 Current registration as a Licensed Practical Nurse in your province of work 
 Experience working with seniors and alongside Health Care Aides, as well as education tied to gerontology, rehabilitation and long-term care 
 Current basic Cardiac Life Support and First Aid certification 
 Proficient assessment, documentation and communication skills 
 Proficiency with technology including: Electronic Health Records, Electronic Medication Administration Records, Online Applications 
 Current (within 6 months) Vulnerable Position/Sector Check (VSC) 
 
 What we offer 
 
 Technology to help you do your job better 
 Benefits and Pension Package 
 Better work life balance 
 Vision to support Person Centered Care 
 
 Ask yourself if what you're doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow. 
 Join us in celebrating the ageless spirit of people. Apply today! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Casual 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
