Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctoral Position in Solid-State Chemistry and Machine Learning for Materials Science 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Science - Chemistry Department 
Competition No. - A104942516 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Department of Chemistry, Laboratory of Prof. Arthur Mar 
 One or more postdoctoral positions are available immediately to support the research of Prof. Arthur Mar (PI, Department of Chemistry, University of Alberta) within the Future Energy Systems (FES) program funded by the Canada First Research Excellence Fund (CFREF). The positions are available for one to two years with possibility for renewal. 
 Responsibilities include: 
Design and implement projects related to the accelerated discovery and development of new materials using high-throughput machine-learning methods, in consultation with the PI and other research collaborators; liaise with collaborators to identify common objectives and implement research protocols 
Collect reliable data, develop chemical descriptors, and apply appropriate algorithms to make predictions of new materials with targeted structures and properties (including improved photovoltaics and catalysts) 
Synthesize inorganic solids; determine crystal structure of inorganic solids through X-ray diffraction; measure electrical, magnetic, and optical properties; perform calculations of electronic band structures 
Assist in oversight of research projects of graduate and undergraduate students, and other personnel to achieve targeted research objectives within timelines, in consultation with the PI 
Manage day-to-day operation of research laboratory, including maintaining equipment and supplies, overseeing troubleshooting of problems, and ensuring adherence to safety protocols 
Analyze, interpret, and report research results; assist in preparation of publications and grant applications; present results in meetings, seminars, and conferences 
 The candidate possesses: 
Ph.D. degree in Chemistry or related fields in Materials Science, Physics, or Engineering 
Experience in solid state chemistry of extended inorganic solids, including synthesis and characterization 
Familiarity with machine-learning techniques, including computing and programming skills 
Strong publication and presentation track record in solid state chemistry and machine learning 
Experience in mentoring and training students as part of a research team 
Ability to work independently and within a team, including demonstrated leadership qualities and interaction with collaborators 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with ability to present to a wide range of audiences 
 Forward your CV, a brief statement of research interests, and contact information for three references to: Arthur Mar (amar@ualberta.ca) Department of Chemistry, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB Canada T6G 2G2. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
amar@ualberta.ca 
 The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
