Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Costco Lead Generator 
 Mersey Heating and Air Conditioning 
 __Scarborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Mersey Heating & Air Conditioning is currently seeking a Sales Development Representative to support our growing sales team! As a Sales Development Representative, you will be working in our partner retail locations as the first point of contact between our retail partner's and their potential customers. 
 You will provide all of the potential customers with an exceptional in-store experience and deliver outstanding customer service. Your primary goal in our retail locations is to engage potential clients, educate them about our partner retail home comfort solutions, and generate people's interest in learning more about the offerings! You should be an individual that thrives on the challenge of sparking people’s interest in saving money, increasing home comfort and ultimately generating more leads for our outside sales team. 
 What You Will Be Doing: 
 Attract and communicate with potential clients in our partners retail locations, informing them about our home comfort solutions, discussing the various benefits of refreshing their HVAC equipment, and answering any questions clients may have about our products and services. 
 Pre-qualify potential clients and generate them as potential leads, growing our Home Comfort Advisers pipeline and supporting our sales targets. 
 Upload & update new client information to our Customer Service Representatives 
 Support our Retail Partners marketing campaigns and initiatives 
 *****This role requires the ability to stand for long periods (in the same place) at time at our retail partners location, generating leads for our sales team. ****** 
 What You Bring To The Table: 
 You are a smart self-starter that is passionate about the company you work for. 
 You have a team player attitude with an outgoing personality that enjoys working with people 
 You are a sales driven individual who is motivated by performance-based incentives and bonuses 
 You have an entrepreneurial mindset and drive 
 You are passionate about sales, business development, and marketing 
 1-2 years customer service or sales experience 
 What You Get: 
 Competitive compensation structure with uncapped bonuses. 
 Opportunity for extensive sales training and guidance with personal/ professional development 
 Possible promotion and Outside Sales opportunities within 6 months work 
 Sales incentives and bonuses 
 About Right Time Heating and Air Conditioning Inc. 
 Right Time is a leading Canadian independent heating, ventilation and air-conditioning (HVAC) contractor focused strictly on the residential replacement market. Right Time operates out of seven locations in Ontario and Manitoba and provides preventative maintenance programs, repairs and replacements of household HVAC units. 
 is Heating & Air Conditioning is currently seeking a Sales Development Representative to support our growing sales team! As a Sales Development Representative, you will be working in our partner retail locations as the first point of contact between our retail partner's and their potential customers. 
 Job Type: Permanent 
 Salary: From $15.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
