ACFR RECRUITMENT 
 
 [About 
 
 ](https://www.workforacfr.com/about) 
 
 [Hiring Process 
 
 ](https://www.workforacfr.com/hiring-process) 
 
 [Career Paths 
 
 ](https://www.workforacfr.com/career-paths-1) 
 
 [Test Resources 
 
 ](https://www.workforacfr.com/test-resources) 
 
 [Contact 
 
 ](https://www.workforacfr.com) 
 
 More 
 
 CHOOSE YOUR PATH 
 Firefighter EMT 
 The Firefighter EMT is the life blood of ACFR. This is where everyone begins and where you will experience fire and EMS calls for the first time. Your primary responsibilities will be driving the ambulance, basic emergency medical treatment of patients, assisting Paramedics, fighting fire with a hose line and providing public education. 
 Driver Pump Operator (DPO) 
 The Driver Pump Operator is the person behind the wheel of the fire engine. Your primary role is driving the crew to and from all incidents safely. You will also be responsible for securing and blocking roadways while crews work on scene. On a fire scene you are pumping water from the engine to all the fire hoses. Normally you will have 2-3 years on the job to achieve this level. 
 Paramedic 
 The Paramedic is the primary care provider to patients in the field. In other words, you are the "right-hand" of the doctor at the hospital until the patient arrives to the ER. Primary responsibilities are diagnosing injury or illness and treating life threatening problems with medications in order to get people to the hospital for further care. Normally you will have 2-3 years on the job to achieve this level. 
 Officer 
 The Officer is the man or woman in charge of the incident and the crew leader on the ground. This persons job is to keep everyone safe. Primary responsibilities are deciding what resources are needed, mitigating tasks, directing crew members, and updating everyone on the radio. A minimum of 6 years on the job is required along with specific training classes and passing the promotion process. 
 Technical Rescue Team 
 ACFR's Technical Rescue Team (TRT) provides services for complex rescue situations that require an advanced level of training.  The team is based at Station 11 and operates Squad 11 for county-wide TRT responses.  Response types include high and low angle rescues, light and heavy vehicle extrication, straight wall trench collapse, confined space rescue and machinery rescue.  Team membership is open to any Firefighter EMT or Officer who has achieved the required levels of training and attends regular team training. 
 Water Rescue Team 
 The Water Rescue Team (WRT) provides water rescue services throughout the County and to surrounding jurisdictions upon request and in collaboration with other area teams.  Members are trained in surface water, swift water and flood water rescue situations in addition to boat operations.  The WRT operates a Zodiac Emergency Rescue Boat, a jet drive kayak as well as traditional sit-on-top style kayaks and utilizes Squad 11 for responses and a dedicated tow vehicle and trailer.  Membership is open to any Firefighter EMT or Officer who has achieved the required levels of training and attends regular team training. 
 Career Development Plan 
 Albemarle County Fire Rescue's full career development plan can be found here. 
 
 
 
 
