Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Line Cook 
 Mobilize 
 __Severn Bridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We're invested in a great summer and looking for people who are too! 
 We have exciting opportunities for eager individuals with a passion for cuisine and a sense of adventure. 
 Working with a supportive team, in a busy and dynamic environment, the ideal candidate has experience with catering, the ability to multi-task, is comfortable taking directions and working in a fast-paced environment. 
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
Prepare and cook menu items by following instructions and adhering to standardized recipes and specifications 
Move between stations depending on the needs of each service 
Ensure that the food preparation, quality and presentation meet organizational standards 
Prepare sauces and assist prep-cooks prior to service 
Maintain a clean and safe working environment by maintaining occupational health & safety standards (e.g., WHMIS labels, food handling and storage, hygiene etc.) 
Help keep track of kitchen inventory, including food, supplies and equipment 
Perform kitchen work station opening and closing duties as required 
Report any concerns, incidents, losses or damages to Sous Chef and Supervisor 
Verify that prepared food meets requirements for quality and quantity. 
Operate large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers, oven. 
Read food order slips and prepare and cook food according to instructions. 
Measure ingredients required for specific food items being prepared. 
Wash, cut, and prepare foods designated for cooking. 
Pre-cook items such as bacon, to prepare them for later use. 
Attend all scheduled employee meetings 
Other related duties as required 
 HOW OUR PROGRAM WORKS: 
Full-time, paid work. This will typically be provincial minimum wage plus any gratuities and overtime 
There are no fees for job seekers. 
This position will last for up to 6 months. 
if you want to stay on after your deployment, that option exists! 
 STAFF ACCOMMODATIONS 
 Staff accommodations available for all Mobilize staff 
Employee is responsible for relocation and housing cost 
The program works in groups of employees, so if you have friends you would like to live and travel with, make sure you apply together! 
 ELIGIBILITY: 
Customer service or hospitality experience is an asset but not a requirement. 
Must be 18 and be legally able to work in Canada. 
Provide a clear police record. 
A sense of adventure! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
