Media Mining Digest 
 Curated knowledge for innovators 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 <- Media Mining Digest 182 - May 8, 2015: Aerosol Science, Alibaba, Artificial Intelligence Future, Artificial Photosynthesis, Assisted Living Risk, Battery Future, Bee Poisoning, Biogas at the Zoo, Bird Flu Problem, Black Panthers by Angela Davis, Broadband Open Access, Careers in Sustainability, Cartilage Lesion Treatment in Joints, Cataracts, Catholic Church Finances, Cell Tower Deaths, Changing Minds, Climate Stories, Concentration Camps, CS Tear Gas, CSI Background and Issues, Darfu Genocide, Dementia, Diet Myths, Dinosaur History, Down Syndrome, Echolocation, Economic Devleopment, Electronic Connectors, Encepholapothy, Energy Storage and Systems, Geophysics, Glaucoma GMO Foods, Graphene Energy Storage, Haiti Rejuvenation, Indigo Dye, Inequality, Interest Rates, ISIS, Ketones, Ketosis, Knees, Leo Szilard Book, Lyme Disease, MS Relapse, Munitions Filling, Neuroanatomy Intro, NRA Issues, Organic chef, Pain Lecture, Pandemics, Paper Money, Pebble Mine Impact, Poisons in Gardens, Portugal Racism, Post Mortem Concerns, Poverty SOlution, Precision Medicine, Quitting Can Help, Refugee, Robert Reich, Russia Problem, Saudi Arabia History, Savings Quandry, Severed Heads, Sex Assaults on Campus, Sight Resotration, Startup School, Suicides Paradox, Teenage Brains, Telomeres, Terminal Illness, Tipping, Uranium Waste, Vaccines, Weapons Trafficking, Wild Bill Donovan 
 Media Mining Digest 184 - May 22, 2015: Creatine, Cuban Science, Currency Concepts, Dementia, Drone Construction, Freakonomics Insights, Free Speech - Cartoons, Hair Tragedy, Hedy Lamarr, HIV in Austin Indiana, Hyaluronic Acid, Iraqi Refugees, ISIS Propaganda, Israeli Dilemma, Japanese Internment Camps, Las Vegas Rejuvenation, Laughter, Meat Contamination, Migrant Child Disposition, Nancy Houston, Patient Power, Patriot Act, Peru Wildlife Trade, Powers of Two, Racism and Drones, Rebellion, Saudi Social Change, Social Media Propaganda, Stereotypes, Superpowers, Teen Driver Deaths, Teen Suicides, Trans Pacific Partnership, Ty Cobb Story, Underground Coffee, Vietnam War Photography, Walter Pincus, Wright Brothers, WWII - Crete, WWII Code Breaking, WWII Displaced Kids, WWII Rapes -> 
 Media Mining Digest 183 - May 15, 2015: Aggression and Violence, Airway Decisions, American Terrorist, Australia Inequality, Baltimore, Battery Progress, Bruce Jenner, Careers in sustainability, Chernoble Forest Fires, Cholesterol,CitizenScientists, Clinton Controversy, Cold War Ending, Collaborative Graphs, Comptuer Gener Gap, Corporate Justness, Disposable People, Drone Killings, Flying Skills, Free Press Threats, Gambling, Gay Marriage - Supreme Court, Genetic Engineered Food, Hacking Cars, Human Embryo Editing, Jellyfish Burgers, Jerusalem, Job Interviews, Joke Writer, Katmandu Quake, Leeuwenhoek, Luddite History, Malls, Microbiome - Antibiotics- Obesity, Military Bureaucracy, Millennial Workers, NAFTA Impact, Neuroscience History, Open Access Panel, Orishas in South America, Pests in the City, Plains Indians, Plastics, Podcasters, Population Growth, Reform in Australia, Rings of Saturn, Same Sex Marriage - Supreme Court, Sports Science, Startups, Stem Cells, Synthetic Biology, Syrian Refugees, Toxicology Cases, Trans-Pacific Partnership, Trash History, Vaccine Optimization, Vietnam Exodus, Violence and the Poor, Volcanoes, Waste Incinerators, WikiLeaks Controversy, Winchester Mystery House, Women in Combat 
 Posted on  May 15, 2015  by  virginiajim 
 The following audio files come from a larger group of 203 for the week. Double or ctrl-click individual highlighted links, below, to get single podcasts. A zip file of all 66 podcasts converted to 1.5x speed will download  here  for four months. Older groups of podcasts are discussed at the end of this episode. 
 Aggression and Violence  57 mins - “In the last few decades, new sources of evidence have continued to indicate that male violence has played an important role in shaping behavior in the human lineage. The frequency and nature of such violence varies widely among populations and over time raises questions about the factors responsible for the variation. This symposium takes a fresh look at the causes and consequences of variation in aggression, both between and within species. Carol Ember (Yale Univ) begins with a discussion about Resource Unpredictability, Socialization, and War, followed by Polly Wiessner on Violence: What's Culture Got to Do with It?, and Robert Kelly (Univ of Wyoming) who asks Do Hunter-Gatherers Tell Us About Human Nature? Recorded on 05/16/2014.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Airway Decisions  27 mins – This is a critique of critical comments about a previous podcast about the use of an emergency procedure to access the airway of a patient whose jaw was wired shut. It's of interest to non-medical listeners, as well as professionals, because of the view it provides of the types of discussion that occurs amongst professionals about situations affecting life and death. The techniques and technology are impressive. The variety of professionalism is also instructive. At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 American Terrorist  87 mins - “ __ FRONTLINE and ProPublica investigate American-born terrorist David Coleman Headley.” At the link find the title, “American Terrorist ,” right-click “Download File - 85.3 MB” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 A   ustralia Inequality  58 mins - “Australian Council of Trade Unions secretary Dave Oliver addresses the National Press Club in Canberra.” At the link find the title, “National Press Club: Dave Oliver,” right-click “NPCc_DaveOliver_0605_512k.mp4” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Baltimore Crisis  48 mins - “Second degree murder, involuntary manslaughter, assault and more. We’ll look at the charges announced for six Baltimore police officers in the death of Freddie Gray. Baltimore’s curfew was lifted yesterday, after a trying week of anger, protests, and violence. It comes after charges were announced Friday against six police officers in the death of Freddie Gray – the 25 year-old who died mysteriously after his arrest last month. Now ruled a homicide. The officers charged for crimes including murder and manslaughter. A sigh of relief from much of Baltimore. Now, a call for calm. A return to normalcy. But is this enough in a city shaken by unrest? What is it going to take to create lasting change? This hour, On Point: What’s next for Baltimore, and the country.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select 'Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Baltimore Violence  51 mins - “Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan called in the National Guard to restore order Monday night in west Baltimore. Protests had turned violent just hours after a funeral service was held for Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man who died from a spinal cord injury while in police custody. Fifteen police officers were injured, and there were at least 25 arrests. Some say yesterday’s chaos reflects longstanding issues between police and the communities they serve, a relationship that has been strained in some cases by bystander cellphone videos that seem to contradict official police accounts. We look at the latest from Baltimore.” At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 Battery Progress  16 mins - “While most technology is getting smaller and cheaper, batteries still suck. Today on the show, we learn exactly why, and meet some of the people trying to make batteries better.” At the link find the title, “#620: Why Batteries Suck,” right-click “Media files 20150501_blog_pmoney.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bruce Jenner  47 mins - “Bruce Jenner And Transgender Issues In America – Bruce Jenner opens up about his gender journey. We’ll look at the big picture of transgender life in America now.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Careers in Sustainability  26 mins - “Explore opportunities in the field of sustainability and discover what skills are needed to launch or further your career. Learn more about the Sustainable Business Practices professional certificate program and how it can help you reach your professional goals.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” form the pop-up menu. 
 Chernoble Forest Fires  60 mins - “ Some interviews drive by, others stay for the deep record. This week I have two heavy-hitters for you. Right out of the international news, forest fires near the Chernobyl nuclear wreck in Ukraine have raised dangerous radioactive particles into the atmosphere - again. We have Dr. Timothy Mousseau, the world's foremost expert on the impacts of Chernobyl, and Fukushima radiation on living things. Then Utah scientist Tim Garrett updates his work showing only a collapse of civilization could prevent terrible climate change. There are new discoveries, about our utter dependence on fossil energy, and where that leads.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cholesterol   8   9   mins - “ Dr. Robert Baron, UCSF Professor of Medicine, explores guidelines for treating cholesterol and reducing cardiovascular disease.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link A” from the pop-up menu. 
 Citizen Scientists  52 mins - “Scientists make up only a tiny percentage of the U.S. labor force. And they’re continually in need of funding for their research projects. But the Internet has created opportunities for non-scientists to participate in and contribute to scientific research. This is happening in many fields, most prominently in astronomy, ornithology and ecology. These volunteer researchers are called citizen scientists. And they’re helping real scientists achieve things they could not do on their own. For this month’s Environmental Outlook, we look at the growing importance of citizen scientists.” At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 Clinton Controversy  47 mins - “‘Clinton Cash' Controversy Hits The Campaign. The author of the new book “Clinton Cash” on Clinton Foundation money and Hillary Clinton’s campaign.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cold War Ending  54 mins - “This week we have a panel-discussion titled "Lost in Unification: Post-Cold War Europe East and West – Remembering the Berlin Wall." The discussion is presented by the Boston University Arts Initiative, the Boston University Center for the Study of Europe, and the Goethe-Institut Boston. Our speakers are: German filmmaker, Marten Persiel; Boston University Professor of International “ At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Collaborative Graphs  38 mins - “Inspired by a session at the  NSTA 2015 Conference in Chicago , we talk with Plot.ly founder and COO Matt Sundquist. As a relatively young graphing program, Plot.ly makes it easy to collaboratively analyze and visualize data. Matt talks to us about Plot.ly, how it can be used in the science classroom, and how you can even import real data into this powerful online tool.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Computer Gender Gap  54 mins - “Host  Leo Laporte  and guest  Robin Hauser Reynolds  talk about "CODE: Debugging the Gender Gap," a documentary which exposes the dearth of American female and minority software engineers and explores the reasons for this gender gap.” At the link right-click “Audio” beside the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Corporate Justness  10 mins - “Paul Tudor Jones II loves capitalism. It's a system that has done him very well over the last few decades. Nonetheless, the hedge fund manager and philanthropist is concerned that a laser focus on profits is, as he puts it, "threatening the very underpinnings of society." In this thoughtful, passionate talk, he outlines his planned counter-offensive, which centers on the concept of "justness.'” At the link click “Download,” then right-click “Audio Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Disposable People  52 mins - “Joyce welcomes back, Kevin Bales, world renowned author, expert on modern slavery, and co-founder of Free the Slaves.” At the link find the title, “Eradicating Modern Slavery,” right-click “Media files bender050515.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Drone Killings  47 mins - “American drone policy and consequences. We’ll look at secret strikes and the evolution of drone war. The drones are always out there, and we know it. Their strikes are usually invisible to most Americans. They make headlines in the US when something goes wrong. Last week, the President told the world that an American and an Italian aid worker – captives of al Qaeda – were killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan in January. And for a moment, the curtain was pulled back again on lethal US power projection, via drone, from the sky. s this the right way to fight? And how? And for how long? This hour On Point: inside the drone war. US drone warfare, under scrutiny again.” At the link right-click “Download this sotry” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Flying Skills  183 mins – The first hour of this podcast covers the apparent loss of flying skills that result in air crashes when automated systems fail and pilots can't cope with situation that autopilots also couldn't handle.” At the link find the title, “ APG 163 – Preaching to the Choir,” right-click “Media files APG163.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Free Press Threats  48 mins - “Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Dana Priest moderates a panel that includes Kevin Kallaugher, a political cartoonist at The Economist and winner of the 2015 Herblock Prize for political cartooning; Thanassis Cambanis, a Middle East correspondent and author of “Once Upon a Revolution”; and Vanessa Tucker, vice president for analysis at Freedom House, an independent organization that promotes freedom around the world.” At the link find the title, “State of World Press Freedom,” right-click “Media files IM_20150429.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gambling  4 mins - “Today, luck and Las Vegas. The University of Houston’s College of Engineering presents this series about the  machines  that make our civilization run, and the  people  whose ingenuity created them. Las Vegas is the very definition of audacious. Its buildings are too posh; its shows too extravagant; its signs too large and too bright — clouds of neon hovering over the desert. Love it or hate it, it’s uniquely Las Vegas. And it’s paid for with money from gambling.” At the link right-click “Click here for audio…” and select “Save ink As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gay Marriage – Supreme Court  48 mins - “Fight Over Same-Sex Marriage Hits Supreme Court – The Supreme Court hears the case for and against legalizing gay marriage across the nation, and we look at the law at a time of breakneck social change.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Genetic Engineered Food  18 mins - “Pamela Ronald studies the genes that make plants more resistant to disease and stress. In an eye-opening talk, she describes her decade-long quest to isolate a gene that allows rice to survive prolonged flooding. She shows how the genetic improvement of seeds saved the Hawaiian papaya crop in the 1990s — and makes the case that modern genetics is sometimes the most effective method to advance sustainable agriculture and enhance food security for our planet’s growing population. “ At the link click “Download,” then right-click “Audio Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Hacking Cars   95 mins - “ Steve Gibson with Leo Laporte discuss the week's tamer-than-usual news, then we host a terrific interview of the team (recently featured on Sunday's 60 Minutes) who have been working with DARPA to address the challenge of hardening high-tech networked vehicles -- autos and UAVs -- against malicious hacking attacks.” That interview starts at the 60 minute mark and lasts 30 minutes. At the link right-click 'Audio” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Human Embryo Editing  47 mins - “New report out of China, with potential implications for the rest of human history. Human nature. Chinese scientists have used a new technique to “edit” the genes of human embryos. To snip and change the code. The recipe for human life itself. What gets inherited. They’re not perfect editors yet. But if and when they get it down, those edits will re-engineer human life. Maybe against disease. And for all kinds of traits. They’re searching for “genius genes.” Stronger. Faster. This hour on On Point: re-engineering human embryo genes. The implications, and the global moral debate. “ At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Jellyfish Burgers  56 mins - “Marine biologist Daniel Pauly, University of British Columbia, warns that modern fishing practices, left unmanaged, will leave little but jellyfish and plankton in the sea for future generations to eat - a frightening vision of our oceans and our lives “ At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 J   erusalem  60 mins - “Jerusalem. How did this small, remote town became the Holy City, the desire of every empire, and the key to Middle East peace? In this dazzling talk from February 2011,  Simon Sebag Montefiore  revealed the ever-changing city through its many incarnations, bringing every epoch and character blazingly to life. Jerusalem’s biography was told through the wars, adventures, love-affairs and messianic revelations of the men and women – kings, empresses, saints, conquerors, prophets and whores – who created, destroyed, chronicled and believed in the Holy City. Its cast varies from Solomon and Saladin to Churchill, Cleopatra and Caligula, from Abraham, Jesus and Muhammad to Jezebel, Nero, Napoleon, Rasputin, Herod and Nebuchadnezzar, from the Kaiser, Disraeli and Lloyd George, to Yasser Arafat, King Hussein and Moshe Dayan.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the right end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Job Interviews  26 mins - “One of the hardest parts about getting a new job is not always finding the job, but getting through the interview. It can be scary, nerve racking, and you often only get one chance to make a good impression. Wouldn't it be great if there was someone out there that could help you with this process, to give you tips on what to do and what not to do?” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Joke Writer  43 mins - “Paul Begala, a political analyst and CNN commentator, interviews comedy writer Jon Macks about his new book “Monologue: What Makes America Laugh Before Bed.” Macks was the top writer for “The Tonight Show with Jay Leno” for 22 years.” At the link right-click beside “Direct download:” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-upmenu. 
 ** Kathmandu Quake  **48 mins - “Nepal and Kathmandu after the devastating earthquake. We’ll look at the geology, geo-politics, rescue and the hard way ahead. Nepal is magical and Nepal is poor and this week Nepal has been shaken to its mountainous core. Literally shaken. The first images out of Kathmandu showed lovely, fragile temples lying in heaps of stone and shattered eaves. And Nepalis fleeing for their lives from earthquake and aftershock and the terrible sense that no place was safe. Not Kathmandu, not the flanks of Mt. Everest where climbers died in the shaking, not the Nepali villages where help is slow and hard in coming. This hour On Point: more than 6,000 dead, a unique culture battered, and the epic challenges now in Nepal.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Leeuwenhoek  34 mins - “n 1677, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek had a letter published in the Royal Society's journal 'Philosophical Transactions', which was the first paper to describe microbes, opening up the world of microbiology we know today. This year is the 350th anniversary of 'Philosophical Transactions', so the Royal Society commissioned a special issue containing commentaries about some of the most important papers to appear in the journal. I spoke to Dr Nick Lane, from University College London, who’s written about Leeuwenhoek’s letter and its importance. Speaking of Royal Society journals, I also spoke to Dr Paul Parham from the University of Liverpool in this podcast. Paul has recently co-edited a themed edition of the ‘Philosophical Transactions B’, which concentrates on the effect that climate change is having on vector-borne diseases, such as those transmitted by mosquitoes or ticks. I asked Paul about how changes in climate are altering the behaviour and habit of these vectors, and what this might mean for diseases.” At the link right-click “Download episode” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Luddite History  20 mins - “Today on the show, the true story of the Luddites.” At the link find the title, “#621: When Luddites Attack” right-click “Media files 20150506_blog_pmoney.mp3” and select Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Malls  18 mins - “Retail spaces are designed for impulse shopping. When you go to a store looking for socks and come out with a new shirt, it’s only partly your fault. Shops are trying to look so beautiful, so welcoming, the items so enticingly displayed and in such vast quantity, that the consumer will start buying compulsively. This is  the Gruen Effect .” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Microbiome – Antibiotics - Obesity  13 mins - “Martin Blaser talks with Eric Topol about how the microbiome influences health and disease, as well as what role the overuse of antibiotics may have played in the obesity epidemic.” At the link find the title, “ Connecting the Microbiome and Antibiotics to Obesity ,” right-click “ 842586.mp3 ” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Military Bureaucracy  62 mins - “ Leonard Wong  of the Strategic Studies Institute at the U.S. Army War College talks with EconTalk host  Russ Roberts  about honesty in the military. Based on a recent co-authored paper, Wong argues that the paperwork and training burden on U.S. military officers requires dishonesty-it is simply impossible to comply with all the requirements. This creates a tension for an institution that prides itself on honesty, trust, and integrity. The conversation closes with suggestions for how the military might reform the compliance and requirement process. 
 Millennials Workforce  51 mins - “Millennials – people ages 18 to 34 – today make up the largest share of the U.S. workforce. They have the education and tech savvy companies want, but demand more of their jobs and employers than previous generations. New research shows flexibility is a top concern for millennials in choosing where to take a job – and whether to stay. To attract and retain young talent, many companies are trying to adapt to the needs of this group. That can mean relaxed dress codes, offering the option to work from home, more opportunities for travel and including millennials in business decisions. But as millions of high school and college students prepare to graduate this spring, today’s job market may not give them the freedom they’d like to find meaningful, flexible work. A look at the millennial-majority workforce, and prospects for new graduates.” At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 NAFTA Impact  21 mins - “Deborah Riner, the chief economist at the American Chamber of Commerce in Mexico wraps up the Mexico Moving Forward 2014 with an assessment of how the North American Free Trade Agreement has impacted the economies on both sides of the border.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Neuroscience History  44 mins - “The early days of neuroscience relied on tragedy to strike—a rabies infection, a botched lobotomy—before doctors could peek inside the brains of humans. Today advanced technology, such as the functional MRI, helps scientists study brains (and healthy ones at that) far more easily. The revelations they’re making call into question conventional ideas of maturity and our capacity for free will. The story begins at a unique laboratory at Michigan Technological University, called the Mind Music Machine, where reporter  Allison Mills  talks to a cognitive scientist who’s trying to develop technology that can interpret our emotions. Then we talk about the history of neuroscience with  Sam Kean , a regular contributor to  Distillations  magazine and author of the recent book  The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons.   Frances Jensen , a neuroscientist and author of  The Teenage Brain  , brings us into the present and explains the science behind why teenagers drive their parents crazy.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Open Access   Panel  49 mins - “Open Access publishing models are a business reality in 2015 for an ever-growing number of scientific and scholarly publishers. Article Processing Charges (APCs) are making OA possible, but the revolutionary changes propelled by Open Access business models touch every aspect of publishing. New customers. New operations. New compliance requirements. New problems. The OA Challenge in 2015 is to identify end-to-end solutions that manage the change, minimize the business burden, and maximize the publishing results.  Recorded at the 2015 London Book Fair , thought leaders and executives from across the scholarly publishing world addressed these issues in a lively, interactive discussion with CCC’s Chris Kenneally.” At the link right-click “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Orisha in South America  54 mins - “Our lecture this week is presented by the Boston University African Studies Center, titled "Traveling the Road of the Orishas." Our speaker is Cheryl Sterling, Liberal Studies Program Master Teacher at New York University.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Pests in the City  60 mins - “This week, we're exploring the ways human-made environments support - and shape - the lives of many species we think of as vermin. We'll talk to Geography and Environmental Studies Professor Dawn Day Biehler about her book "Pests in the City: Flies, Bedbugs, Cockroaches, and Rats." And we'll speak to postdoctoral researcher Clint Penick about his research on the junk food diets of urban ants.” At the link find the title, “#315 Pests in the City,” right-click “Media files Science_for_the_People_315_Pests_in_the_City.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Plains Indians  47 mins - “The Plains Indians of North America – Pawnee, Cheyenne, Comanche, Arapaho, Lakota Sioux and more – are vivid in the popular imagination for their horse-mounted mastery of the wide-open middle of the continent. A big new exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art has gathered a spectacular collection of the Plains Indians’ art. “Art of Earth and Sky,” they’re calling it. Ravishing artifacts – painted hides, sculpted pipes, astonishing headdress and horseback regalia – that open another view of life itself. This hour on On Point: Earth and sky and the astonishing art of the Plains Indians.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the tpop-up menu. 
 Plastics  83 mins - “Our conversation with mechanical engineer Jim Heilman delves into exciting advances being made with plastic materials, the types of molding equipment used to manufacture high-volume plastic parts, and whether or not the movie industry can be trusted to provide good career advice.” At the link find right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Podcasters  63 mins - “Host  Tonya Hall  talks about podcasting and how to create good content, get more subscribers, and what it means to sell the 'sizzle,' not the steak with guests   Lynett Young ,  Cliff Ravenscraft , and  Paul Colligan .' At the link right-click “Audio” beside the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Population Growth  56 mins - “Overdevelopment, Overpopulation, Overshoot (OVER) crystallizes the ecological and social tragedies of humanity’s ballooning numbers and consumption. It’s time to make millions of people acutely, immediately, and viscerally aware of the dangers and deprivations facing people and the planet. Our guest today is Bill Ryerson, founder and president of Population Media Center; he also serves as Chair and CEO of The Population Institute in Washington, DC. We will discuss ways to proceed into a sustainable, collaborative, and hopeful future using global communication systems.” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Reform in Australia  56 mins - “Business Council of Australia president Catherine Livingstone addresses the National Press Club on 'Leading Australia through the Age of Disruption'.” At the link find the title, “ National Press Club: Catherine Livingstone ,” right-click “ NPCc_CatLivingstone_290 4” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Rings of Saturn  58 mins _ “Delivered by Professor Carl Murray, Professor of Mathematics and Astronomy at Queen Mary University of London, this year's William Herschel Society lecture focused on the mission of the Cassini spacecraft, which has been in orbit around Saturn since 2004. In his lecture, Professor Murray who in 1990 was selected as a member of the Cassini imaging team at the project inception, reviewed some of the results obtained over the last decade and looked ahead to some of the science that is planned for the final orbits before the Cassini mission ends in 2017.” At the link find the title, “ The rings of Saturn and the Cassini mission ,” right-click “ Download MP3 ” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Same Sex Marriage  52 mins - “The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments Tuesday in a case that could determine if the Constitution guarantees same-sex partners the right to marry. Supporters consider it to be one of the great civil rights issues of the century. Many on both sides believe it should be decided by the states, not the Supreme Court. At the moment, 36 states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage. The Supreme Court is also considering whether all states must recognize same-sex marriages performed in states where they are legal. We look at a divided court, the Constitution and the right of gays and lesbians to marry.” At the link you can listen, but not download; hwoever, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 Sports Science  60 mins - “This week we're exploring the ways that science and technology are changing sports, on and off the playing field. We'll speak to journalist Mark McClusky about his book "Faster, Higher, Stronger: How Sports Science Is Creating a New Generation of Superathletes – and What We Can Learn from Them." And we'll get the scientific perspective on sports supplements with Dr. Bryan Chung, founder of Evidence Based Fitness.” At the link find the title, “#316 Sports Science,” right-click “Media files Science_for_the_People_316_Sports_Science.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Startup Publicity  31 mins - “For most of us, we don’t need to know about how to get media coverage…until we need to get media coverage. You could come up with the most brilliant business idea, or write the next best seller – but if no one talks about it, it’s just another particle out there in an atmosphere full of noise. But how do you get coverage? How do you convince a powerful media outlet to cover your story? It turns out, there are very specific tricks that you can use to give yourself the best shot of becoming the next new headline. Listen up this week and learn how to become a media darling (or at the very least how not to waste money on PR firms).” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Startup School P2  31 mins - “Welcome to fundraising.” At the link find the title, “Another Side Of The Story (Season 2, #3),” right-click “Media files 204451712-hearstartup-another-side-of-the-story-season-2-3.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Stem Cells  89 mins - “Stem cells have the potential to transform the way scientists study human diseases, the way drug companies discover and test new drugs, and the way physicians treat their patients. Join Dr. Arnold Kriegstein, professor of neurology and director of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regeneration Medicine and Stem Cell Research at UCSF as he dispels the hype and explains the science that is at work.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Synthetic Biology  31 mins - “Genetically engineered humans by Ian Woolf; Michael Molitor talks about innovating with synthetic biology; De-extinction of Thylacines, Mammoths and Neanderthals by Ian Woolf” At the link find the title, “Synthetic De-extinction,” right-click “Media files diffusion2015-04-27.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Syria Refugees  85 mins - “To date, almost 4 million refugees have fled the Syrian civil war, the vast majority seeking shelter in Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon, but with growing numbers also moving to Egypt and Northern Iraq. At this Migration Policy Institute briefing, Erol Kekic from Refugee Council USA and Anastasia Brown from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, who recently visited the region, report on their findings on the space for humanitarian protection. Also joining the panel is Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Simon Henshaw, whose portfolio in the Department’s Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration includes Syrian refugees. He discusses recent developments in the region and in the U.S. humanitarian response. The discussion is moderated by Kathleen Newland, director of MPI’s Refugee Protection and Humanitarian Response Program.” At the link click “Download,” then right-click “Download” again and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Toxicology Cases  82 mins - “Alan Wu looks at toxicology testing that solved forensic cases. Wu is Chief of Clinical Chemistry and Toxicology at San Francisco General Hospital and Professor of Laboratory Medicine, UCSF.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership  52 mins - “Negotiators from 12 countries have been meeting for more than a decade on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. As the meetings draw to a close, a bill in the Senate aims to give the president “fast-track” authority that would allow an up or down vote on trade deals that Congress can’t amend. Critics say that would be undemocratic and lets negotiators insert provisions favorable to big business. Supporters of trade promotion authority say countries won’t sign onto the TPP without it. Diane and guests discuss debate over granting fast-track authority to the president, and what the Trans-Pacific Partnership could mean for the U.S. economy and American workers.” At the link you can listen, but not download; hwoever, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 Trash History  52 mins - “This week on the show we’re picking through history’s waste basket. What does America’s garbage tell us about its past? How have ideas about what is disposable and what isn’t changed over time? And have Americans always generated so much junk? To get to the bottom of things, the Guys are salvaging all kinds of trashy stories… about filth-eating pigs that once ran amok in New York City… about Americans’ legal rights to their own garbage… and about how Big Soda promoted recycling to boost the industry’s own bottom line. Plus, find out what an anthropologist sees in the decades-old debris now washing ashore at a place called Dead Horse Bay….” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the right end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Vaccine Optimization  88 mins - “Dr. Katherine Julian, UCSF Professor of Clinical Medicine, looks at vaccines for adults. She looks at who should get vaccinated for measles, flu, whooping cough, pneumococcus, and shingles. She also discusses vaccines for young adults and teens: human papillomavirus and meningococcus.” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Vietnam Exodus  47 mins - “How The Vietnam War Resonates 40 Years After The Fall Of Saigon – On the 40th anniversary of the fall of Saigon, we’ll look back on the end and long resonance of the Vietnam War.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Violence and the Poor  22 mins - “Collective compassion has meant an overall decrease in global poverty since the 1980s, says civil rights lawyer Gary Haugen. Yet for all the world's aid money, there's a pervasive hidden problem keeping poverty alive. Haugen reveals the dark underlying cause we must recognize and act on now.” At the link click “Download,” then right-click “Audio Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Volcanoes  59 mins - “Celebrating two hundred years since the devastating eruption of Indonesia's Mount Tambora, this week we explore the science of volcanoes. We find out what causes volcanoes, we ask whether eruptions can be predicted, how we can keep people safe, and we re-create the physics of an eruption in the laboratory… 
 Waste Incinerators  51 mins - “As garbage landfills fall out of favor and recycling programs struggle to handle all of the trash, some cities and counties are beginning to rethink incineration. An emerging solution: Waste-to-energy facilities, incinerators that convert garbage into energy. While newer to the U.S., they are common in Europe. Proponents of these plants argue that these incinerators have state-of-the-art pollution controls and emit less greenhouse gases than landfills. But these facilities are expensive, often costing more than $1 billion. And some environmentalists warn these facilities still emit mercury, lead and other pollution.” At the link you can listen, but not download; hwoever, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 WikiLeaks Controversy  47 mins - “WikiLeaks was instrumental on NSA spying and Iraq War scandal. Has it now gone to gossip? WikiLeaks is at it again. This time publishing all of the documents hacked from Sony last November. Thirty thousand documents. Two hundred thousand private emails. And it’s not all business. Personal stuff like Amazon purchases, medical records, salaries are out there online. For everyone’s eyes. WikiLeaks famously blew the whistle on big government and a snooping NSA. Now is it a gossip rag? In this technology age, can we assume any privacy when we post, tweet, buy, share? This hour On Point: WikiLeaks, and what’s at stake for privacy, security, and journalism.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Winchester Mystery House  20 mins - “According to legend, Sarah Winchester’s friends advised the grieving widow to seek the services of a Boston spiritual medium named Adam Koombs. The story goes, Koombs put Mrs. Winchester in touch with her deceased husband—but William had bad news. He told Sarah Winchester that she would always be haunted by the spirits who had been killed by Winchester rifles. Speaking through Koombs, William Winchester instructed Sarah to placate the spirits by building a structure that would perpetually grow to shelter the ever-increasing number of Winchester rifle victims. And if she did this, Sarah Winchester would gain immortality.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Women in Combat  51 mins - “Five years ago, the Pentagon launched a pilot program to put women alongside U.S. Special Forces fighting in Afghanistan. So-called “Cultural Support Teams” were designed to overcome male–female cultural barriers and achieve counter-terrorism goals. Of the more than 100 women chosen for training, only half would make the final cut. One of those soldiers was First Lieutenant Ashley White from Alliance, Ohio. White was serving alongside Rangers forces when an improvised explosive device (IED) claimed her life. She was 24 years old. We hear the story of the pilot program, its first casualty, and how it paved the way for women in combat positions.” At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 ======================================================================= 
 ARCHIVE 
 An alphabetic encyclopedia of 6000 of these hyperlinked descriptions is  here  and updated quarterly. A file of the podcasts is  here  , updated weekly, and can be downloaded as a 40+ GB zipped file, or individually. Over 230 feeds used to prepare this blog are harvested with a podcast aggregator. The feeds are available in this  opml  file which most aggregators can import. A list of the feeds is  here . 
 Thanks for stopping by. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About virginiajim 
 Retired knowledge nut. 
  View all posts by virginiajim ->  
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Aggression and Violence ,  Airway Decisions ,  American Terrorist ,  Australia Inequality ,  Baltimore ,  Battery Progress ,  Bruce Jenner ,  Careers in Sustainability ,  Chernoble Forest Fires ,  cholesterol ,  CitizenScientists ,  Clinton Controversy ,  Cold War Ending ,  Collaborative Graphs ,  Comptuer Gener Gap ,  Corporate Justness ,  Disposable People ,  drone killings ,  Flying Skills ,  Free Press Threats ,  gambling ,  Gay Marriage - Supreme Court ,  Genetic Engineered Food ,  Hacking Cars ,  Human Embryo Editing ,  Jellyfish Burgers ,  Jerusalem ,  Job Interviews ,  Joke Writer ,  Katmandu Quake ,  Leeuwenhoek ,  Luddite History ,  Malls ,  Microbiome - Antibiotics- Obesity ,  Military Bureaucracy ,  Millennial Workers ,  NAFTA Impact ,  Neuroscience History ,  Open Access Panel ,  Orishas in South America ,  Pests in the City ,  Plains Indians ,  Plastics ,  Podcasters ,  population growth ,  Reform in Australia ,  Rings of Saturn ,  Same Sex Marriage - Supreme Court ,  Sports Science ,  startups ,  stem cells ,  synthetic biology ,  Syrian Refugees ,  Toxicology Cases ,  Trans-Pacific Partnership ,  Trash History ,  Vaccine Optimization ,  Vietnam Exodus ,  Violence and the Poor ,  Volcanoes ,  Waste Incinerators ,  WikiLeaks Controversy ,  Winchester Mystery House ,  women in combat . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Media Mining Digest 182 - May 8, 2015: Aerosol Science, Alibaba, Artificial Intelligence Future, Artificial Photosynthesis, Assisted Living Risk, Battery Future, Bee Poisoning, Biogas at the Zoo, Bird Flu Problem, Black Panthers by Angela Davis, Broadband Open Access, Careers in Sustainability, Cartilage Lesion Treatment in Joints, Cataracts, Catholic Church Finances, Cell Tower Deaths, Changing Minds, Climate Stories, Concentration Camps, CS Tear Gas, CSI Background and Issues, Darfu Genocide, Dementia, Diet Myths, Dinosaur History, Down Syndrome, Echolocation, Economic Devleopment, Electronic Connectors, Encepholapothy, Energy Storage and Systems, Geophysics, Glaucoma GMO Foods, Graphene Energy Storage, Haiti Rejuvenation, Indigo Dye, Inequality, Interest Rates, ISIS, Ketones, Ketosis, Knees, Leo Szilard Book, Lyme Disease, MS Relapse, Munitions Filling, Neuroanatomy Intro, NRA Issues, Organic chef, Pain Lecture, Pandemics, Paper Money, Pebble Mine Impact, Poisons in Gardens, Portugal Racism, Post Mortem Concerns, Poverty SOlution, Precision Medicine, Quitting Can Help, Refugee, Robert Reich, Russia Problem, Saudi Arabia History, Savings Quandry, Severed Heads, Sex Assaults on Campus, Sight Resotration, Startup School, Suicides Paradox, Teenage Brains, Telomeres, Terminal Illness, Tipping, Uranium Waste, Vaccines, Weapons Trafficking, Wild Bill Donovan 
 Media Mining Digest 184 - May 22, 2015: Creatine, Cuban Science, Currency Concepts, Dementia, Drone Construction, Freakonomics Insights, Free Speech - Cartoons, Hair Tragedy, Hedy Lamarr, HIV in Austin Indiana, Hyaluronic Acid, Iraqi Refugees, ISIS Propaganda, Israeli Dilemma, Japanese Internment Camps, Las Vegas Rejuvenation, Laughter, Meat Contamination, Migrant Child Disposition, Nancy Houston, Patient Power, Patriot Act, Peru Wildlife Trade, Powers of Two, Racism and Drones, Rebellion, Saudi Social Change, Social Media Propaganda, Stereotypes, Superpowers, Teen Driver Deaths, Teen Suicides, Trans Pacific Partnership, Ty Cobb Story, Underground Coffee, Vietnam War Photography, Walter Pincus, Wright Brothers, WWII - Crete, WWII Code Breaking, WWII Displaced Kids, WWII Rapes -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Media Mining Digest 
 
 Media Mining Digest 473: Abraham Lincoln Lessons, AI Decisions, AI Governance, AI Predictions, Artificial Intelligence, Black Canada, Code Red, Covid and Immigration, Covid and Migrants, Covid-19 and International Effects, Defense Department, Fateful Triangle, Green Card Use, Human Rights in Iran, India and Cash, Inventions Shaped Humanity, Machines that Can Think, Melinda Gates on Gender Equality, Mental Illness History, Poison Squad, School Closures, Silicon Valley Story, Unconventional Diplomat, Venezuelan Migrants, White Nationalism, Work Future, Working in Space 
 MMD472 Media Mining Digest: Activist Otto Sharmer, AI and Criminal Justice, AI Principals, Artificial Intelligence, Ayahuasca, Black Business Devaluation, Brown Skinned, Caffeine Use, Chernoble Trends, China and India Areas, China-Australia Relations, Climate Crisis, Coffin Making, Corruption in China, Covid in Jails, Cyberlaw Worldwide, Democracy Fails, DHS Compiles Intelligence on Journalists, Digital Threat Counters, Einstein, Electoral College Abolishment, Ethiopia Conflict, Fauci Article, Fauci Discussion, Film Editors, Foreign Interference, Free Trade, Genetic Experimentation and Innovation, Guantanamo, Hong Kong Protests, Houdini, Human Rights Crisis in Xinjian, Intelligence Innovation, Iranian Assassination, ISIS in America, Longer Life, Managing Older Workers, Mitch McConnell, Molecular Genetics and Genomics, Nazism, Planning Your Post Retirement, Poisoning of Alexei Navalny, President and COVID Infection, Prison Abolition, QAnon Discussion, Rural Broadband Politics, Secondhand Goods, SIGINT Intelligence, Social Media Weaponization, Spymasters, Super Rich, Talented Women, Tranformational Change, Uighurs in China, US in China, Vaccine Misinformation, Vindman Conversation, White Power Violence, Wikinomics 
 MMD471 Media Mining Digest: 5th Grade Innovator, Africa Growth, Artificial Intelligence Discussion, Bloomberg, Brainstorming, Corporate Law, Covid Control, Cyber Security, DARPA Story, Disease Control, Fake News, FISA Errors, Hearing Aid Technology, High Impact Innovations, innovation Barriers, Innovation Challenges, Innovation Coaches, Innovation Failures, Innovation Myths, Innovation Questions, Innovation Attributes, Innovation Skills, Intelligence Briefing, Land Ownership, Leadership Levels, Placental Biology, Russian Operations Under Putin, Safety Net Hospitals, Soleimani Death Reaction, Transgender, Wine Bottles, Zoom Conferencing Service 
 MMD470 Media Mining Digest: Battery Charging, Buy and Hold Investing, Corona Virus Control, Covid Afterwards, Covid and CIA Activities, Covid and Emergency Powers, Covid Inequality, Covid Lab Results, Covid Response by DoD and State, Democracy Playbook, Discovery vs Exploration, Disinformation on Vaccinations, Foreign Agents Information Act, Hurricane Katrina 1 Antediluvian, Hurricane Katrina 2 Come Sunday, Hurricane Katrina 3 Through the Looking Glass, Hurricane Katrina 4 Bridge, Hurricane Katrina 5 Exodus, Hurricane Katrina 6 Reckoning, Hurricane Katrina 7 Destiny, Hurricane Katrina 8 Wake, Learning Styles, Linux Replacing Windows 7 
 MMD469 Media Mining Digest: AI Future, Antibiotic Resistance Research, Barbie Dress Designer, Biomedical Research, Convalescent Plasma, Corona Treatments, Corona Virus Affects, Corona Virus Spread, Covid Lab Special, Emerging Markets, Glial Cells, How Inventions Shaped Us, Ira Glass, Learning Process, Marine Microbes, Microbe Research, Mold Control, Neuroscience History, Numbers Instinct, Ocean Water Microbes, Plant Diseases, Prion Proteins, Prosperity Paradox, Prosthetic Vision, Pseudomonas and Candida Interaction, Rape of Chanel Miller, Robert Wong, Robin Williams, Rotavirus and Noravirus, Seaweed Farming, Spontaneous Brain, Surveillance Capitalism, Tosh Hall, Trump Administration Book, Unconscious 
 MMD468 Media Mining Digest: Amgen Tea Brazil, Anthropology and Finances, Bed Bugs, Cement Innovation, Change Disruptive, Cognitive Dissonance, Corporate Insurgent, Disrupt Yourself, Diversity Bonus, Fearless Organization, Innovation, Investment Concepts, Medical Care Access, Medici Effect, Mobile Phone Skype, Nuclear Submarine Commander, Parasitism by Worms, Parasitism in Uganda, Phase Transitions, Proactive Obsolescence, Rotifier Infestation, Sanitizing Hygiene, Smart Companies, Startup History, Team Leadership, Unconscious Bias 
 MMD 467 Media Mining Digest: BARDA, Body Mass Index, Boy Scouts Bankruptcy, Cave Man, Chinese Espionage, Corona Virus Testing, Covid Financial Bailout, Covid Infected Doctor, Culinary Extinction, Deepwater Horizon Spill, Economic Crisis, Exercise, Feeble Mindedness Discussion, Food Production, Ginger Handbook, Gift Card Value, Gluten Removal, Hospital Bed Economics, Jane Goodall, Libyan Female Fighters, Mars Exploration, Moon Exploration, Munition Site Explosions, North Korea Arms Trafficking, Oil Price Control, Oil Prices Drop, Ostomies, Pangolins, Protective Equipment Purchase, Saving Our Planet, Scott and the South Pole, Small Business Support by Government, Telegraphy History in Australia, Temperature and Productivity, Unemployment, Ventilators, Virus Economic Response 
 MMD466 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Influenza Pandemic, Abortions in Canada, Air Pollution Decreases, Atomic Artifacts, AUMF Discussion, Cataclysm Sentence, Covid Autopsies, Covid Racial Disparities, Data Breaches, Distance Learning, Drug Disposal Program, East Indian Company, Exercise, Homeschool STEM Resources, Ignaz Semmelweis Day, Kindom of Nauvoo, Latif Story, Obesity Control, Pandemic in Rome, Pollution Control, SARS Victim, School Nutrition, Shared Immunity, Social Isolation, Space Discussion, Third Existential Crisis, Thyroid Cancer, Toilet Paper Buying, Transplant Issues, Women in Software and Cybersecurity 
 MMD465 Media Mining Digest: 5G Defined, 1619 Project, Abortion Case, Absentee Ballots, AI in Health Care, Artificial Intelligence Dominance, Atmosphere Specialist, AWAKE Experiment, Bitcoin Defined, Blind Charities in the UK, Chief Justice Roberts, Coders, Computer Repair Business, Computer Security, Coronavirus, Covid Patient Care, Crypto Basics, Cybercrime, Deutsche Bank and Trump, Digital Currencies from Central Banks, Emotional AI, Esther Perel, Eugenics, European Tax Problem, Face-based Surveillance, Facebook’s Libra, Flying Stories, Folding At Home, Food Waste, Huawei’s Rough Year, Information War, Interracial Marriage, Jane Goodall, Manhattan Project, Mental Health Specialists, Mike Tech Show, National Rifle Assoc, Pandemic in Prisons, Protesters Against Restrictions, Race in America, Russian Interference in Elections, Self-Organizing Collaboration, Soft Shell Crabs, Tik Tok, Tomato Growing, Trump Impact on the Country, Visually Impaired 
 MMD464 Media Mining Digest: Apprenticeships, Cancer Drugs, Cancer Research, Capitalism, Capitalism Reimagined, Coronavirus Pandemic, Digital Tsunami, Extreme Economies, Health Care Reform, Higher Education, Honest Income, Jack Kornfield, Manufacturing, Narrative Economics, Racism in America, Surgeon General, Universe Origins, Warp Speed Update, Wilding, Willful Book 
 
 
 
 Follow Media Mining via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Click on tag and jump to that episode. 
 
 3d printing 
 affordable care act 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's 
 antibiotic resistance 
 artificial intelligence 
 behavioral economics 
 bitcoin 
 broadband 
 broadband in Colorado 
 Broadband in North Carolina 
 Canada 
 China 
 climate change 
 climate warming 
 consciousness 
 creativity 
 cyber security 
 cybersecurity 
 Decision Making 
 design thinking 
 domestic violence 
 driverless cars 
 drones 
 Economic Growth 
 End of Life Care 
 Fake News 
 Feminism 
 fracking 
 geoengineering 
 Gerrymandering 
 gun control 
 Gun Violence 
 Hate Speech 
 health care 
 human rights 
 human trafficking 
 impact investing 
 income inequality 
 India 
 internet history 
 ketogenic diet 
 marijuana legalization 
 native Americans 
 Neil Degrasse Tyson 
 net neutrality 
 North Korea 
 NSA 
 nuclear power 
 Oliver Sacks 
 Pakistan 
 Political Polarization 
 Racaniello 
 racism 
 refugees 
 sex assaults on campus 
 Sexual Harassment 
 sharing economy 
 solitary confinement 
 Sugar 
 suicide 
 Supreme Court 
 synthetic biology 
 Syrian Refugees 
 technology trends 
 Terrorism 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 Trump 
 Universal Basic Income 
 Virtual Reality 
 voting rights 
 women in politics 
 women in science 
 World War One 
 Zika Virus 
 
 
 
  Media Mining Digest  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
