Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant/Associate Professor of K-12 Mathematics Education 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty Of Education 
Competition No. - A107543181 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Department of Secondary Education 
 Review of applications will begin January 11, 2021 
 Educators with research and teaching expertise in the area of school Mathematics are invited to apply and join a Department where they would have opportunities to engage in thoughtful and critical scholarship alongside undergraduate and graduate students and internationally renowned scholars. 
 The Department of Secondary Education seeks a Mathematics teacher educator and researcher for appointment to a tenure track position at the Assistant or Associate Professor level to begin July 1, 2021. 
 The Department and Faculty offer a collegial and supportive work climate for new and established academics with outstanding support for research and innovative approaches to teaching including face-to-face, blended, and online courses. The Faculty, and the University of Alberta are committed to truth and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples, equity, diversity and inclusion, and advancing racial justice on our campus and in our communities. 
 In its strategic plan, Education for the Public Good, the Faculty has made explicit a commitment to transformative teaching; learning and leading; knowledge creation; mobilization and engagement; leadership in Indigenous initiatives; and respectful relations, health and well-being. 
 The University of Alberta is one of Canada's largest and most-respected research universities. With more than 40,000 students from 156 countries, the U of A regularly ranks in the top 5 universities in the country and in the top 100 universities in the world according to QS Worldwide university rankings. The University offers competitive salaries and an excellent benefits package. 
 Applicants must have completed a doctorate in Mathematics Curriculum and Teacher Education (or have a graduation date set). Candidates must have relevant teaching experience at the K-12 school and post-secondary level with preference given to candidates with secondary school teaching experience. Applicants must demonstrate potential for scholarly excellence in terms of productivity, collaboration, and creative innovation; and must demonstrate the ability and expertise to teach and supervise graduate students in Mathematics education. 
 Highly desirable qualifications include expertise in one or more of the following areas: engagement with Indigenous communities, worldviews, or knowledge systems, engagement with international communities, equity and diversity, educational technology, alternative modes of instruction (online and blended), and quantitative research methodology. Applicants should demonstrate strong commitment to service through engagement in scholarly, professional, and public, and/or institutional communities. 
 Responsibilities will include:  teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in Mathematics education and/or other areas of education across the Faculty; engagement in a research program relevant to Mathematics education; contribution to service within the Department, Faculty, and University; and advising and supervising graduate students. 
 Interested individuals should submit a current CV, a one page statement of teaching philosophy and approaches to teaching, a two page statement of research, and the names and contact information for three referees. 
 In order to comply with Federal laws, the University is required to gather statistical information on how many applicants for each job vacancy are Canadian citizens/permanent residents of Canada. When submitting your application, please indicate in your cover letter or resume your status by answering the following question: Are you a Canadian citizen or a permanent resident of Canada? Applications without this information will be deemed incomplete. Please note that if you are not a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident of Canada, you are not required to indicate your citizenship. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
