Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Grocery Clerk 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Whitehorse, YT 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
2270-2nd Ave, Whitehorse, Yukon, Y1A 1C8 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Real Canadian Superstore is looking for talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience. 
 As a colleague in one of our stores, you will have an immediate impact on sales and customer satisfaction by: 
 Providing exceptional customer service 
 Ensuring accurate product scanning 
 Executing company-directed promotions and programs 
 Maintaining product displays 
 At Real Canadian Superstore, it's about our respect for the environment, sourcing products with integrity and making a positive difference. 
 What we offer: 
$13.05 starting rate plus regular wage increases every 500 hours worked 
 10% Colleague Discount 
 Flexible scheduling - days, evenings, nights, weekdays and weekends available 
 Employee Share Ownership Program, Workperks colleague discounts, Refer a Friend bonus program, Employee Family Assistance Program 
 Digital Orientation and Digital Training Program for all new hires 
 Opportunities for Full Time work available after trial period (including higher wage rate, comprehensive health benefits, paid vacation, and more!) 
 Additional night premium 
 #RCSSIND 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
