Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 (Virtual) Media Coordinator, Western Space 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Institute for Earth and Space Exploration (Western Space) at Western University is a leading organization for Earth and space exploration research and training in Canada. The mission of the Institute is to lead in interdisciplinary research and innovation in Earth and space exploration, and to strengthen and grow the Canadian Earth and space exploration communities through inspiring and training the next generation of scientists, engineers, social scientists and entrepreneurs. 
 Responsibilities 
 The candidate must meet Canada Summer Jobs eligibility: 
be between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the employment* 
 be a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act for the duration of the employment**; and, 
 have a valid Social Insurance Number at the start of employment and be legally entitled to work in Canada in accordance with relevant provincial or territorial legislation and regulations 
 More information can be found here on eligibility:  https://www.canada.ca/en/employment-social-development/services/funding/canada-summer-jobs/screening-eligibility.html 
 Responsibilities: 
Under the supervision of the Educational Outreach and Communications Specialist (CS), the media coordinator (MC) is responsible for designing and implementing communication plans and special projects that enable the team to provide a meaningful and effective impact as aligned with the Institute’s mission and strategic plan. This role was established to mobilize volunteers, grow membership, increase public awareness, and improve communication tactics within the Institute’s internal and external communication channels. 
 Tasks will include developing and implementing a digital communications plan for the Institute; keeping the website and social media accounts up to date by creating and posting content; managing internal and external contacts and distribution lists; and providing support for marketing, sponsorship and fundraising initiatives. The MC will also help with the development and implementation of a strategic communication plan that optimizes impact and facilitates excellent service to our partners, clients and members. The MC will provide content for the weekly newsletter, publish content through desktop publishing, and edit photos and videos using Adobe Creative Suite and/or social technology (i.e., Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Flickr, blogs, wikis, RSS, social bookmarking, discussion forums). The MC will also assist staff in editing photos, developing videos, and will do online monitoring using measurement platforms such as Google Analytics and Hootsuite. The MC will also help with creating brochures, newsletters, promotional pieces and press releases. 
 Education: 
Visual Arts, Media and Information Technology (MIT), Communications, Digital and/or 
 Multimedia Design, Marketing, Public Relations Journalism - This position entails working with media in various formats and hence would be beneficial for anyone enrolled or graduated with the above program. 
 Why Western? 
 Western offers a broad and exciting variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities with ample room for job exploration and growth. Within our beautiful campus, you are part of a progressive work environment that promotes work/life balance including access to our state-of-the-art recreation centre. Apply for an opportunity to be part of the Western community and contribute to its success! 
 Background Checks 
 Please note, successful applicants may be required to produce current record check(s) (e.g. vulnerable sector, criminal record and police information) from a police service prior to commencing employment. 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
