Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative 
 Learnship Networks GmbH 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Since our founding in 1979, Money Mart Financial Services has been committed to our mission of serving our customers with straightforward, relevant products that meet their evolving financial needs. We began providing accessible and convenient financial services to unbanked and under-banked consumers as the Monetary Management Corporation, and later became DFC Global Corp. In January 2018, we began doing business as Money Mart Financial Services to reflect the expanded services we now provide our customers. 
 We provide over 10 million solutions to our customers annually, ranging from money transfers to installment loans online and across our 700 retail locations in North America, Money Mart Financial Services is one of the largest and most diversified providers of non-standard consumer financial products in the world. Even after more than 30 years of service, we continue to find new, innovative ways to serve and empower our consumers. Money Mart Financial Services brands include, National Money Mart, Money Mart Canada, The Check Cashing Store, Aspen Financial Direct and Insta-Cheques. 
 Job Description 
 What do you do? 
 In the Customer Service Representative role you will do it all, sales, customer service, local area marketing, collections, security of your store, and the list goes on. Your primary function in the CSR role is to provide excellent customer service through the provision of Money Mart Financial Services. 
 Duties/Responsibilities 
 Provide a high level of Customer Service – consistently receiving 90% or better in the Customer Service Sequence. 
Sell and receive cash for / from another staff member and record properly and enter into the Point of Sale system (fine count all monies received and given out). 
Register new customers quickly and efficiently. 
Promote all products and services. 
Complete all product and service transactions in the Point of Sale system. 
Issue Loans quickly and efficiently ensuring risk assessment strategies are utilized. 
Cash checks quickly and efficiently ensuring risk assessment strategies are utilized. 
Knowledge of issuing procedures for all checks and be able to offer customers alternatives and incentives to return if unable to complete the transaction. 
Sell benefits of ancillary services to customers and ensure all sales are correctly recorded. 
Enter customer information completely and accurately into the Point of Sale system. 
Reconcile cash float at the completion of shift. 
Have an extensive knowledge of all safety and security procedures relating to the store and role-play on a regular basis (at least quarterly). 
Understand and implement all procedures relating to Recordable Transactions. 
Extensive understanding of all company policies and procedures. 
Prepare collection files and assist in the collection process. 
General office duties and proper use of all office equipment. 
Knowledge of who to call in the case of an emergency. 
Daily maintenance and upkeep of store. 
Successfully, open and close the store and complete all paperwork accurately. 
All other job related duties as directed by Management. 
Qualifications 
 Education 
 High School Diploma 
 Experience 
 1-2 years customer service and cash handling 
 Skills 
 Friendly, outgoing, confident / problem solver, flexible, self-motivated, team player 
Job Knowledge 
Customer Service Orientation 
Sales Focus 
Problem Solving 
Accountability 
Organization 
Additional Information 
 We invest in our employees, and offer extensive training, and development programs to set you up for future success. If we sound like a fit and you’re ready to start an exciting career with an organization that encourages employee growth, apply today! We look for bright, energetic, motivated individuals who are interested in learning and developing their career. 
 
 Notice to Ontario Applicants - National Money Mart is committed to accommodating applicant’s with disabilities up to the point of undue hardship during the recruitment, assessment and selection process. If you are selected for an interview please notify National Money Mart if you require accommodation in respect of the materials or procedures used at any time during this process. If you require accommodation National Money Mart will work with you to determine how to meet your needs. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
