Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dulux Paints Retail Store Associate PT 
 PPG Industries 
 __Corner Brook, NL 
 Apply Now 
 Dulux, a PPG Company:  We protect and beautify the world. 
 At PPG, we work every day to develop and deliver the paints, coatings and materials that our customers have trusted for more than 130 years. Through dedication and creativity, we solve our customers’ biggest challenges, collaborating closely to find the right path forward. With headquarters in Pittsburgh, we operate and innovate in more than 70 countries. We serve customers in construction, consumer products, industrial and transportation markets and aftermarkets. To learn more, visit www.ppg.com and follow @PPG on Twitter. 
 About You 
Does the thought of sitting still all day make you want to scream? Are you a people person? Are you passionate about learning new things and sharing your new acquired knowledge with others? 
 If you screamed “YES!” to each of those questions, you may be just who we are looking for to help our team “protect and beautify the world!” 
 As a Sales Associate, you will be the reason our customers come back! They will be excited to see your friendly face because of the exceptional, timely customer service you will provide and the meaningful relationships you will develop with our regular paint contractors and new customers every day. 
 Your assistance will help shape our customers’ lives. Whether they are picking out a color to paint a new nursery of first time parents, fulfilling a paint order for the new retirement home to help make their residents feel more at home, or helping newlyweds decide what color would best compliment their furniture in their first home together, you will make a lasting impression on people’s lives every day! 
 Additional requirements of this entry level role include: 
Ability to work flexible retail hours with varied shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays 
Ability to lift up to 80 lbs. infrequently and 40 – 60 pounds routinely 
Computer and internet applications proficiency 
 Why join us: 
With PPG, you will find meaning in your work every day, and engage in opportunities that will shape you, personally and professionally. 
 Your personal strengths will empower you to succeed and make an impact from day one. 
You will be inspired to learn and grow, and to get the support you need to identify and achieve your boldest career aspirations. 
Your passion to excel will be fueled by your connection to world-class partners, industry experts, the best and brightest colleagues, and future forward technologies. 
Your contributions will not only meet the challenges of our global customers, but help theme propel their industries forward. 
You will be welcomed into a culture where everyone’s ideas and contributions are valued and encouraged. 
Just like you, we are driven to make a difference in our world. 
 PPG prides itself on the quality of its employees and as such, candidates who receive a job offer will be required to successfully pass a background check. 
 PPG offers an opportunity to grow and develop your career in an environment that provides a fulfilling workplace for employees, creates an environment for continuous learning, and embraces the ideas and diversity of others. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other legally protected status. PPG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. You may request a copy of PPG’s affirmative action plan by emailing ppgaap@ppg.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
