
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 __ 
 __ __ __ 
 
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 
January 16, 2021 
 
 Explore 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Your Money 
 
 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 
 Movies 
 Music 
 TV 
 
 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 TECHNOLOGY 
 THE SHOW 
 VIDEOS 
 
 Daily News 
 Success Stories 
 
 
 
 Breaking News 
 •  Cocktails To Go Help Restaurants Stay Afloat 
 •  House Impeaches Trump For The Second Time; Focus Shifts To Senate Trial 
 •  These Mentors See The 'Collective Trauma' Of Pandemic-Hit Teens. Here's How They Help 
 •  Law Enforcement And Military Taking 'Unprecedented' Approach To Security In DC 
 •  Republicans Join Trump Removal Effort Ahead Of Key House Votes 
 •  Achy Backs. Sore Necks. Working From Home Has Created New Demand For Physical Therapy. ‘Your Body Just Can’t Handle It.’ 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 __ NEWS 
 __Mothers Are 3 Times More Likely Than Fathers To Have Lost Jobs In Pandemic 
 
 NEWS 
 Mothers Are 3 Times More Likely Than Fathers To Have Lost Jobs In Pandemic 
 
 By  Working Woman Report 
 •   September 30, 2020 
 
 Working Woman Report 
 Working Woman Report is the source for stories about women in business, women in leadership, and news about empowering women. It's updated daily and curated by Emmy Award Winning Journalist, Allison Haunss. 
 
 __ 0 Likes 
 __0 Comments 
 __Print 
 
 Tags 
 2020 coronavirus jobs pandemic trump unenmployment 
 By Tim Henderson   Stateline.org 
 WWR Article Summary (tl:dr)  As Tim Henderson reports, the "losses are likely to have worsened in September as more schools opened and online learning puts more and more pressure on women to help young children with schoolwork." 
 Stateline 
 Mothers of small children have lost work at three times the rate of fathers in the pandemic, a situation that threatens not only progress toward gender equity but middle-class income gains that have become increasingly dependent on working women. 
 Mothers of children 12 years old and younger lost nearly 2.2 million jobs between February and August, a 12% drop, a Stateline analysis found. 
 Fathers of small children saw a 4% drop of about 870,000 jobs. 
 The loss was even worse for single mothers of young children, who lost 16% of jobs they held in February, compared with a 6% drop for single fathers, according to the analysis of Current Population Survey data provided by the University of Minnesota at ipums.org. 
 Those losses are likely to have worsened in September as more schools opened and online learning puts more and more pressure on women to help young children with schoolwork. 
 Angie Schmitt, a mother of two in Cleveland, Ohio, was shocked when she found out her kindergartner was expected to be in online video sessions for much of the 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. school day. The reality was even worse, draining the time she needs for work as a transportation consultant, and she's lost four months of pay. 
 Her school asked parents to learn one virtual meeting platform, but after an outage they switched to a different one, which times out after less than an hour, she said. The sessions require constant attention from her and her husband. She worries her 3-year-old daughter isn't getting enough of her time and that she herself is not getting enough sleep trying to keep up. 
 "My husband and I both have master's degrees and we are computer professionals and still the IT struggles are so intense and stressful and frequent," Schmitt said. "I can't imagine how others are navigating this." 
 Her husband helps but has less flexibility. "Since I'm self-employed and make less money, I'm the main person" dealing with school issues, she said. 
 The changes threaten to reverse decades of progress, not only in gender equality, but also in overall household income gains for the middle class. 
 Women's rights advocates are calling for state and federal policies to help women weather the storm by mandating more flexible school and work schedules, requiring more paid leave for family care and establishing more protection against job discrimination because child care tends to fall to women. 
 "This will set gender equity back quite a bit," said Ariane Hegewisch, a program director for the Institute for Women's Policy Research in Washington, D.C., adding that many advocates also see the crisis as a chance to make important policy changes to improve the lives of working mothers. 
 "The energy is around for finally making big changes," Hegewisch said. Single mom Kelli Shelhorse of Frederick, Maryland, said a supportive work environment has been key to keeping her job as a middle school counselor, working at home while helping her daughters, 7 and 10, keep up with online schoolwork. 
 "I feel extremely lucky to have an understanding administration that always says, 'You have to take care of you and your kids,'" Shelhorse said in an email to Stateline. "So they know that I am under a lot of stress and everything falls on me, so if I need to step away to help one of my daughters they understand." 
 Across the country almost two-thirds of parents say their children have switched to online learning, and another 13% are using paper materials sent home by schools, according to a Census Bureau survey in early September. The sudden switch to virtual classes has required a lot of adult supervision, with common technology glitches a time-consuming dilemma. 
 Even when moms and dads are both working from home, women tend to get the brunt of child-care duties, including the new online school hassles. A July study by Washington University in St. Louis found that mothers of young children have lost four to five times more work hours than fathers in the pandemic. 
 Also, a third of working women said a spouse was not helping with child care during the pandemic, according to a University of Southern California study, leading to higher levels of psychological distress among mothers than fathers or women without children. 
 In a survey of Wyoming women, more than two-thirds of mothers said school and day care changes in the pandemic had a "moderate or severe impact on daily life," and a quarter of mothers were afraid of losing work because of a lack of child care. The survey was conducted in June by a group of nonprofits and the University of Wyoming. 
 Businesses owned by women also are taking an outsize hit. In a Hawaii state survey, female business owners were twice as likely to say their businesses will not survive the pandemic. Only 5% of female business owners said they were unaffected by the pandemic, compared with almost 23% of male business owners. 
 Schmitt said some of her friends have left jobs or moved children to private schools with in-person classes. She's struggling to avoid quitting her job. 
 "Women's earnings peak at (age) 40. I'm 38. I can't afford to take a year and a half off," Schmitt said. "I would never be able to retire or get back on my feet." 
 Sarah Summerlin of Silver Spring, Maryland, also faced struggles to continue her part-time job as a tutor while overseeing remote schoolwork for an 8-year-old son and an 11-year-old daughter. Some of her clients with small children are hiring in-home help or forming cooperatives to hold schoolwork sessions. 
 "I took some time off," Summerlin said, but after a period of adjustment, the computer work has proceeded smoothly. She and her husband can work or take walks to relax while the children do schoolwork online. 
 "They interrupt our work pretty frequently, but usually just with simple questions," Summerlin said. "It makes for some long days but I'm nearly back up to my full caseload (of tutorial students)." 
 Without women's contributions, middle-class income would have stagnated in recent decades, concluded a May Brookings Institution study of the pandemic's effect on women in the workplace. 
 State and federal policy has been slow to react with more flexibility in job and school structure for working mothers, an issue now reaching a crisis because of the need to monitor in-home schooling for children, according to the Brookings study. 
 The Institute for Women's Policy Research recommended "bold public policies at the state and federal level," including closing the male-female pay gap, support for mothers unable to work because of the pandemic and more paid family and medical leave, in a September editorial. 
 State policy can help close the male-female wage gap with laws requiring employers to report pay disparity, laws that are already on the books in Alaska, Illinois, Minnesota and New Hampshire. Some states also have laws against wage secrecy and bans on asking new hires about past earnings, which can help equalize pay. 
 The left-leaning Center for American Progress also called for state and federal legislation to protect working parents from discrimination based on their caregiving responsibilities. 
 Among the states and cities that already have job protections for parents and other caregivers: Alaska, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Delaware, Minnesota, New York state and New York City, according to a July report from A Better Balance, a New York City legal organization that lobbies for laws to protect families. New Jersey and the federal government offer similar protections to their own employees, protecting them from discrimination based on family duties, according to the report. 
 
 1
[ 
 2
](https://workingwomanreport.com/mothers-are-3-times-more-likely-than-fathers-to-have-lost-jobs-in-pandemic/2/) 
 
 Share This Article __ 
 Small Firms Less Apocalyptic As 60% See Survival... 
 Hollywood Workers Fear Harassers Go Unpunished,... 
 Related News 
 
 The Earliest COVID-19 Patients Faced Stigma, Bigotry. But Experts Say Their Contributions To Science Taught Much About The Virus 
 
 Back On The Ice, The American Women Show Their Worth In Shut Out Of Canada 
 
 Mother Passes the Badge on to her Daughter 
 __ MORE IN NEWS 
 Media Struggled Through A Decade Of Revolutionary, Existential Change, And More Is On The Way 
 READ MORE 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Latest Posts 
 
   
 
 Cocktails To Go Help Restaurants Stay Afloat 
 * [Jan 14, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/14/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 House Impeaches Trump For The Second Time; Focus Shifts To Senate Trial 
 * [Jan 14, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/14/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 These Mentors See The 'Collective Trauma' Of Pandemic-Hit Teens. Here's How They Help 
 * [Jan 14, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/14/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Law Enforcement And Military Taking 'Unprecedented' Approach To Security In DC 
 * [Jan 14, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/14/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Republicans Join Trump Removal Effort Ahead Of Key House Votes 
 * [Jan 13, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/13/)
* • __ 0
 
 © 2015 Site By:  Lighthouse Digital LLC 
 
 Business 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 FINANCIAL 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 THE SHOW 
 Videos 
 
 Receive weekly news reports from Allison: 
 
