Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Community Planner 
 Capital Regional District 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Planning & Protective Services – Regional Housing 
 Competition 
20/183e 
 Status 
Regular Part time 
 Hours of Work 
56 hours bi-weekly 
 Rate of Pay 
$40.32 - $45.72 per hour 
 Review of applications begins 
4:00pm on December 11, 2020 however, will remain open until filled 
 Summary 
The Community Planner is responsible for working collaboratively with key partners in government, health service delivery, non-profit sector and people with lived experience of homelessness. Prepares and evaluates policies, plans, proposals, protocols, processes and initiatives pertaining to the development and operation of a homelessness response system. This includes coordinated assessment and access, monitoring and the operation of a homelessness management information system (Homeless Individuals and Families Information System – HIFIS). 
 The anticipated length of this term assignment is approximately 3 years. 
 This position requires an acceptable criminal record check. The applicant/incumbent will be required to undergo a criminal record check in order to work in this position and to report to their supervisor if any criminal charges are laid against them that may be related to their employment in this position 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 Develops, coordinates and supports the implementation of processes, strategies, plans, policies, procedures, protocols and practices related to homelessness. This includes coordinating service access to support assessment, access, delivery and monitoring of housing and services of people with lived experience of homelessness. 
Designs, undertakes and coordinates planning projects, related to the development and implementation of a homelessness management information system to support the operation of a coordinated homelessness response system. 
Drafts and presents reports on the processes, strategies, plans, policies, procedures, protocols and practices related to responding to homelessness. 
Drafts terms of reference, requests for proposals, award and funding applications. 
Supports partners in the community in research studies and projects, including surveys, data collection related to homelessness. 
Researches current practices and best practices and provides recommendations. 
Conducts and facilitates consultation for planning projects with elected officials, stakeholders, community groups and the general public. 
Provides verbal and written advice and guidance on planning issues, implementation initiatives, and progress indicators to management and committees. 
Monitors and, where necessary, supports the implementation of processes, strategies, plans, policies, procedures, protocols and practices. 
Drafts reports to a variety of audiences, including elected officials. 
Works with CRD Communication to contribute to the development of materials, including document and graphic content and layout, key messages, speeches, talking points, briefing materials and other communications products. 
Fosters relationships and liaises/engages with internal and external stakeholders, particularly the members of the Coordinated Assessment and Access Advisory Committee, at the discretion of the Manager of Housing Initiatives and Programs. 
Oversees contracts associated with a variety of projects which includes preparing terms of reference and requests for proposals and overseeing contractor’s work, ensuring contract requirements are adhered to, providing work direction as needed and providing performance feedback regarding deliverables. 
Follows all policies, procedures and standards of the CRD. 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 Master’s degree in social or health planning, or related discipline and 3 to 5 years’ related experience or an undergraduate degree in related discipline and 6 to 8 years’ related experience. 
Experience should include municipal, regional or provincial government social and health planning, related research, public engagement, project management and policy writing. 
Membership or candidacy for membership in the BC College of Social Workers or Planning Institute of BC is preferred. 
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal and customer service skills. 
Working knowledge of relevant planning legislation, including the Local Government Act. 
High level of knowledge of and strong interest in social policy and programs related to homelessness response, housing delivery, health and social services and non-profit delivery systems. 
Ability to conduct comprehensive community-based stakeholder engagement and research as well as write concise, well-written policy reports regarding homelessness, housing and health/social support service access and systems coordination to support assessment, access, delivery and monitoring of housing and services to address homelessness. 
Understanding of the use of homelessness management information systems, particularly the Homeless Individuals and Families Information System (HIFIS), to register individuals and monitor progress and report on the outcomes achieved within the homelessness response system in the region. 
Ability to understand political issues and exercise sound judgment. 
Ability to design, monitor and report on project performance indicators. 
Ability to apply planning concepts, research techniques and tools, and undertake basic statistical analysis. 
Ability to analyze and synthesize diverse and complex information and data and convey in easy-to-understand non-technical language and graphics. 
Comprehensive understanding of a broad range of local, provincial and federal government programs and services. 
Ability to think strategically and synthesize information from a variety of sources to report on progress of higher level board and corporate priorities. 
Ability to design, implement, facilitate and document public and stakeholder consultation meetings and workshops. 
An understanding of the various personal, systemic and structural factors that contribute to homelessness, mental health and substance use issues within human populations. 
Experience in engaging with Indigenous people and other marginalized groups overrepresented among homeless populations. 
Experience and proficiency in developing and maintaining mutually satisfactory internal and external stakeholder relationships. 
Excellent project management skills, including ability to plan, organize and deliver projects and assignments, and ensure successful implementation (on time and on budget). 
Ability to hire, administer, monitor and address the operations and performance of contractors and consultants. 
Good organizational, time-management, critical thinking, and people skills. 
Ability to handle multiple tasks and multiple priorities. 
Demonstrable competence in public speaking and presentation skills. 
Ability to work independently and contribute collaboratively as part of a team. 
Proficiency and experience with the MS Office Suite. Experience with SharePoint is an asset. 
Must possess a valid BC Driver’s License (Class 5). 
 Applications 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and covering letter online at www.crd.bc.ca under “Careers”. 
 The CRD thanks you for your interest and advises only those candidates under active consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
