Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative (Home and Auto Insurance) 
 Ontario Teachers Insurance Plan 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Location 
 Edmonton, AB 
 Company 
 TW Insurance Brokers Inc. 
 of openings 
 4 
 Apply Now 
 TW Insurance Brokers is a member-focused, service-driven organization that puts people, both our members and our employees, first. We are committed to providing a positive work environment and to developing careers. We’re looking for someone to join our team as a: 
 Customer Service Representative (Home and Auto Insurance) 
Do you have a gift for knowing what other people need? 
Are you at your very best when there’s something that needs resolving? 
Do you strive to be the one people rely on most? 
If the above sounds like you, then consider TW Insurance Brokers for your next career move! 
 As a member of our TW Insurance team, your tasks will include: 
Directing or responding to telephone inquiries and written requests. 
Resolving product and service problems. 
Filing documents and records of insurance transactions and maintaining and updating current rate manuals for all markets as received, including new coverage announcements. 
Completing endorsements, renewals, rewrites, remarkets and cancellations on applicable systems, as required. 
Providing assistance to other Service team members, by coaching and counseling employees on alternate market availability, rules and guidelines. 
If this opportunity sounds interesting, and you meet the following requirements, you might be the person we’re looking for. We need someone who has: 
An AIC and/or RIBO licence, with the ability to become nationally licenced. 
CAIB 1 or a minimum of three courses towards AIIC/CIP and working towards completion of designation is preferred. 
A minimum of three years’ experience in personal lines, automobile and property insurance. 
Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite applications and knowledge of TAM and Portal would be an asset. 
OTIP/TW is more than just a place to work. In addition to competitive salaries and industry-leading benefits, OTIP/TW offers a work environment where your opinions are valued and expected! Our employees have the opportunity to provide feedback on departmental goals, to participate on committees, to work collaboratively, and to continuously improve their professional skills. As one of Waterloo Area’s Top Employers for 2019, awarded by Toronto-based publisher Mediacorp Canada, we take pride in our employee programs, including health and wellness initiatives, charity involvement, social events and much more! To recruit the best, we offer the best. For more information on OTIP/TW and its Group of Companies (CURO), our company culture, and perks we offer, visit the ‘Life at OTIP/TW’ page on our website. 
 If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply online. 
 OTIP/TW and its Group of Companies strive to create an accessible and inclusive work environment where everyone is treated with respect and dignity. Upon individual request, OTIP/TW and its Group of Companies will endeavour to remove any barrier to the recruitment and selection processes and provide accommodations for persons with disabilities. 
 OTIP/TW and its Group of Companies is an equal opportunity employer and encourages applications from all qualified individuals. We thank all applicants for showing an interest; however, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
