Fertile Ground 
 Birthing a Culture of Connection ~ The Works of Dyami Nason-Regan 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Personal Bio 
 
 
 Fertility Awareness 
 
 My Story 
 Fertility Awareness for Teens 
 Fertile Ground - A New Career Path 
 Toolkit for World Changing Women 
 FA Training 
 Teaching Begins 
 
 
 Gaia University 
 
 Output Packet 8 
 Output Packet 9 
 Output Packet 10 
 Output Packet 11 
 Output Packet 12 
 
 My Gaia University Experience Map 
 Project Outcomes 
 Personal Outcomes 
 Learnings & Unlearnings 
 Review Of Action Learning Performance 
 Conclusion 
 
 
 
 
 Moontime Stories 
 
 Building The Culture 
 
 
 Nature Connection Programs 
 
 Crescent Moon Girls 
 
 Before it Begins 
 Two Weekends Deep 
 
 
 Ropes: Wilderness Program for Teens 
 
 Before it Begins 
 Halloween Weekend 
 
 
 Program Development 
 
 Curriculum Development 
 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Articles 
 Books 
 People 
 Websites 
 
 
 
 Fertile Ground - A New Career Path 
 A New Career Path 
 In the beginning of Katie Singer's book, "The Garden of Fertility" she describes Fertility Awareness as a survival skill. This caught my attention given my passion for nature-based mentoring and wilderness survival skills. It occurred to me that I wanted to be able to share this incredible skillflex with other women. I then began my search for a training in FA. After contacting Ilene Richman of the  Fertility Awareness Center  in NYC I discovered that the global professional network of instructors is quite small and that the means to grow that network was quite limited. Given this reality I became even more determined to get trained and sanctioned to teach FA. 
 It just so happened that my inquiry came to Ilene at the same time as another similar request for training. Ilene agreed to mentor both of us in becoming Fertility Awareness instructors. In May we began our journey of receiving monthly support calls with Ilene as well as homework assignments. Our studying is being guided by Katie Singer's  Fertility Awareness Study Guide . We've developed a long resource list that I store on Google docs. I've made this list available in the  Resource  section of my blog. This training will likely continue through 2011 and end with a certification. 
 The Network Grows 
 An additional Fertility Awareness instructor trainee joined the study group. There are now three of us that Ilene Richman is training here on the East Coast. During one of our training sessions Ilene described the current state of the professional FA instructor network. She painted a picture of change and turnover on the horizon considering the fact that most of her colleagues are post-menopausal. She shared that the passion and interest in FA dwindles for many after this incredible change in the monthly cycle, as the charts themselves become somewhat boring and non-indicating. 
 It wasn 't until several weeks later that I realized the implications of Ilene's assessment of the current professional network. Ilene is actually training the next generation of fertility awareness instructors. My study group comprises of three women in their twenties. Each of us have different and overlapping areas of interest and passion for how we're going to integrate FA instruction into our professional lives. Here's a visual of what that looks like. 
 I have some interest in collaborating with Kati and Ilene to develop the professional network, infusing the learning pathways with some creative teaching/mentoring styles. Right now this is a back burner project. My primary focus is on getting certified. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Menstruation as the Basis for Measurement 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mr WordPress  on  Menstruation as the Basis for… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2010 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Fertile Ground  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
