Skip to content 
 World Correspondents 
 Menu 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 UPS Offers Jobs: Guide to UPS Job Training 
 Our new effort is the All swingers clubs directory  - pls, support it by at least visiting, maybe - commenting and adding your favorite swingers clubs. 
 During this time of triumph and recession, every working individual badly needs employment to cope with the family’s expenses. Employment has been so steep nowadays wherein most of the companies are having cost cutting activities which includes reducing their manpower. 
 UPS, or United Parcel Services has announced this month that they would be giving out 25,000 new drivers for their company to replace their retiring employees. The international shipping company has brought hope to a lot of Americans who has been struggling to cope with the recession. But it won’t be that easy, because the potential hires must pass training which includes virtual instruction on becoming a driver for them. The newly employed driver could earn as much as $70,000 to $75,000 a year. Such income is more than enough sustain a family’s need. 
 Individuals that aspire for a career with UPS will have a didactic training because aside from books and theories they will have to undergo hands-on and virtual training at a facility near Washington, DC. This would include driving and delivery test, a video game to test driving abilities, quickness and reliability, and sales skills, among other tasks. An obstacle course that involves the “slip and fall” machine is also part of the extensive 1-week training course. This would be followed by learning 340 methods of being a UPS Driver which would focuses on safety and improvements. 
 A lot of people are looking after the job because the company has been known to give a lot of benefits to its employees as evidenced by their employees retiring after long years of service. 
 Author   beautifuldog448 Posted on  August 15, 2018April 16, 2019 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Playstation Network Down: How to Fix PS3 Error Code 8001050F 
 Next Next post: Michelle-Bombshell-McGee-Nazi-Photos-4 
 Search for: Search 
 Chief editor 
 John Morales 
 Last News 
 
 London Council Calls Gay Fetish Club 'Important' 
 Let's write more articles about the swinging lifestyle! 
 Jay Shafer decided to build a house 
 Kansas City locals living mysterious private lives at swingers clubs 
 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2010: List of Inductees 
 IPL 2010 Cricket Schedule: Delhi Daredevils vs Mumbai Indians Live Score 
 Connecticut vs. Stanford Score on NCAA Women’s Basketball Championship 2010 
 The Red Market 
 index.html 
 Randy Couture vs James Toney UFC 118 Results: Couture By Triangle Choke Submission 
 Space Shuttle Launch at the Kennedy Space Center 
 index.html 
 index.html 
 Dancing with the Stars 2010 Elimination April 13 Updates 
 Watch The Hurt Locker, Critics and Fans Online said 
 index.html 
 index.html 
 Latest Update Health Care Reform Bill: President Obama Adresses the People 
 Wikileaks A Threat to National Security: US Says 
 Is There a Feud Between Alec Baldwin and George Clooney? 
 UK Election Results 2010: David Cameron and Conservatives Win Prime Minister 
 index.html 
 Katy Perry is Maxim’s Hottest Woman 
 Updated Dancing with the Stars 2010: Complete Cast Line Up with Bios 
 99ers Held Successful Rally for Tier 5 Unemployment Extension 
 SALUBONG: Philippines’ Way of Welcoming Easter Sunday 
 index.html 
 Ricky Martin Livin’ La Vida Loca Announced He’s Gay and Up for a Swing 
 Tiger Woods Will Speak in Press Conference Today Before His Return to Masters Golf Tournament 2010 
 Safety Tips On Trick Or Treat 
 index.html 
 NCAA Basketball Bracket Blanks 
 WNBA Draft 2010 Complete Results Are Out 
 Latest Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart: Stewart Pregnant? 
 Latest Celebrity Plastic Surgeries: Kate Hudson Breast Implants Pictures 
 Julia Roberts To Adopt A Child From India 
 Amazing View of the Earth from the International Space Station 
 Hispanic Heritage Month Celebration 
 Paris Hilton Denied Entry To Japan 
 Tier 5 Unemployment Extension Bill vs. Budget Deficit 
 Arizona Law Showed Immigration Slow Down 
 Masters Golf 2010 Leaderboard: So Far So Good for Tiger Woods 
 Steve Clarke Named As Liverpool’s First-team Coach 
 Dancing with the Stars 2010 Partners: Niecy Nash and Louis Van Amstel 
 index.html 
 Business Process Outsourcing in Indian Jail 
 index.html 
 NIT Basketball Tournament 
 index.html 
 Gavin Rossdale Owns Up To Past with a Cross-Dresser 
 
 Office addrress 
 70196 16th Avenue 
Desert Hot Springs, CA 92241, USA 
 Phone: 951-272-9054 
 Social channels 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 World Correspondents    Proudly powered by WordPress  
