Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Ecommerce Store Associate 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re seeking Associates who have the motivation and organization to keep up-to-date with our ever-changing store, learn our products, stock and zone departments effectively, and most importantly - get online orders ready for pick-up! Yes, that means you’ll be the unseen magic Wizard who sources and collects every item from our online orders, makes sure that each selection perfectly matches our customers’ shopping list, and delivers them on time. Like we said: online shopping with a personal touch. 
 eCommerce Opportunities: 
 
 OMNI Customer Experience Salesfloor Associate 
 OMNI Customer Fulfillment Associate 
 
 At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and Part-Time Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when you need them, and fewer when they are not needed, allowing for the other important things in your life. 
 If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: 
 
 Positive attitude 
 Attention to detail 
 Great listening skills 
 Friendly demeanor 
 Energetic 
 Organized 
 Self-starter 
 Eagerness to be part of a winning team 
 Ability to tackle fresh challenges in an ever-changing retail landscape 
 Ability to work confidently under pressure and get the job done with your team 
 
 Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. 
 Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 23 or older License - Class/Type G Driver's License 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 What you'll do... 
We’re seeking Associates who have the motivation and organization to keep up-to-date with our ever-changing store, learn our products, stock and zone departments effectively, and most importantly - get online orders ready for pick-up! Yes, that means you’ll be the unseen magic Wizard who sources and collects every item from our online orders, makes sure that each selection perfectly matches our customers’ shopping list, and delivers them on time. Like we said: online shopping with a personal touch. eCommerce Opportunities: • OMNI Customer Experience Salesfloor Associate • OMNI Customer Fulfillment Associate At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and Part-Time Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when you need them, and fewer when they are not needed, allowing for the other important things in your life. If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. Preferred Qualifications: Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: - Positive attitude - Attention to detail - Great listening skills - Friendly demeanor - Energetic - Organized - Self-starter - Eagerness to be part of a winning team - Ability to tackle fresh challenges in an ever-changing retail landscape - Ability to work confidently under pressure and get the job done with your team Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 23 or older License - Class/Type G Driver's License 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
