  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 Rate:  £18000 - £22000 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 HR Administrator 
 A client in Kent are recruiting for an experienced HR Administrator to join their team on a temporary basis to provide support to the HR BP team in order to ensure the successful implementation and completion of team objectives, provide support on inbox management, payroll, recruitment, absence/sickness 
 The Role 
This HR Administrator role focussed on providing support to the HR team and the main responsibilities and tasks will include: 
, Organize and maintain personnel records 
, Update internal databases (e.g. 
 record sick or maternity leave) 
, Prepare HR documents, like employment contracts and new hire guides 
, Liaise with external partners, like insurance vendors, and ensure legal compliance 
, Create regular reports and presentations on HR metrics (e.g. 
 turnover rates) 
, Answer employees queries about HR-related issues 
, Assist payroll department by providing relevant employee information (e.g. 
 leaves of absence, sick days and work schedules) 
, Arrange travel accommodations and process expense forms 
, Participate in HR projects (e.g. 
 help organize a job fair event) 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for this HR Administrator role, you will require the following skills and experience: 
, Two years proven HR Administration experience in a fast-paced environment 
, Good standard of numeracy and literacy 
, Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
, Experience on HR system ITrent (desirable) 
, Computer literate (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) with data entry experience 
, Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate, persuade and influence at all levels both internally and externally 
 The Contract 
This is a permanent position, starting in the new year. 
 Salary will be circa £20,000 DOE. 
 If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this HR Administrator role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 
 
 Start:  25/1/21 
 
 
 Rate:  £18000 - £22000 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Human_Resources 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 15:54:52 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
