Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ERP Functional Analyst 
 LGC Limited 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Working with a variety of business stakeholders, this role is integral to the delivery of the ERP supply chain and distribution solution for LGC. Working alongside business analysts, technical analysts and external suppliers, this role will have responsibility for design and delivery of functional solutions whilst ensuring best practice for business processes and optimising the usage of the ERP platform and related systems which will support LGC during a period of rapid growth. This role is supply chain and distribution focused with some exposure to the manufacturing module. 
 Work to specific project plans and deadlines. 
Understand business operations and how best to apply IFS. 
Interpret business needs and design solutions to meet business requirements. 
Complete comprehensive documentation to a high standard including specifications, definitions and training documentation. 
Detailed testing of solutions prior to handing over to the business. 
Investigate solutions that will improve system performance and stability. 
Review existing logistics and supply chain processes in IFS and propose improvements. 
Contribute to the ongoing profitable development and growth of the business. 
Deliver and support end user training. 
Deliver and balance between BAU support and project work. 
Performance analysis and resolutions 
Qualifications 
 Required knowledge, experience and technical skills 
 Experience in IFS project implementation, in particular global inter-company supply chain. 
Deep knowledge of IFS supply chain and manufacturing functionality 
Experience with effectively communicating system designs to both technical and non-technical audiences. 
Able to document solution design and definition to a high quality. 
Good understanding of the range of software and hardware tools used for delivering solutions. 
The ability to be trained on any software that may be delivered by the company 
 Essential competencies and behaviour 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Proactive and self-motivated 
Enthusiastic and able to work independently with minimum supervision. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
