WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement 
 
 Home 
 Career 
 Career Advancement: Making it Happen 
 
 
 Career Advancement: Making it Happen 
 Every eager young graduate starts their  career  aiming for more. The ones who are the most successful know that career advancement depends on constantly staying ready for the next challenge. It means pursuing additional education, or focusing on professional development offered either inside or outside the company. It means knowing the decision makers in your company and others in your industry, and making sure that they know you and what you are capable of. 
 Career Advancement: Work Hard and Smart 
 It's important to do all the things that a good worker commits to, such as being on time and doing your job to the best of your ability, but it's not always just about who's the best "worker" per se, especially if you are not in a field where success is easily measured. For example, in sales it is easy to tell who is excelling because the numbers tell the tale. In many other careers, no metrics exist that will so easily allow you to compare yourself to others. In many ways that means that career advancement can be harder because it depends on your interpersonal skills. The way that you present yourself, the way you participate in meetings, the way that you interact with your superiors. Much of your career success and advancement will happen because others perceive you as being successful. 
 Your job, in addition to doing your job, is to make sure that your company considers you invaluable. You will advance when you show that you have the personality and skills that will help your company succeed. Their success is dependent on having the best possible person at each position. 
 Moving Somewhere Else as a Stepping Stone? 
 Sometimes you will determine that the only way to advance in your career is to move to another company. Perhaps there are better opportunities at a larger company, or a smaller one. It’s vital to determine where you'll be able to succeed. Would you work better in a different type of structure, such as one with a larger support team or conversely, one with more autonomy? Have you been pigeonholed in your current job? Is your advancement thwarted? Sometimes you need to move out to move up. 
 Your Career is up to You 
 The main thing to keep in mind concerning career advancement is that you are the only person who determines what your career path will look like. Even if it's easy to blame your potential advancement on forces beyond your control, the truth is that you and you alone can determine how successful you will be. 
 As your career path unfolds, you will figure out what you need to do to be successful. You will realize that it's who you are and who you show people you are that will determine your career advancement. When you realize you are in charge and take the steps to create that career blueprint, the sky is the limit. 
 Articles on career advancement: 
 
 Four Simple Things to Change That Can Make a Big Impact in Your Career 
 The Long Haul: How to Determine If There Is Career Advancement and Longevity at the Company 
 Taking Charge of Your Career: Pulling vs. Pushing 
 Ten Ways to Help Your Career Outside Work 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 No-Nonsense, Practical Approach to Getting Ahead at Work 
 
 Articles on promotions: 
 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 Rising Through the Ranks with Knowledge Obtained from Within 
 You Did Not Get That Promotion Again, Now What? 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 Is a Management Role Right For You? 
 
 Articles on leadership: 
 
 RESTORING TRUST: Steps for Recovering from a Breakdown in Trust—or a Betrayal 
 Don’t Fool Yourself, Everyone Can Make a Difference 
 Leadership: There’s Some People I’d Work With, No Matter WHAT the Job! 
 Are You Growing in the Workplace? 
 
 Articles on visibility: 
 
 Career Advancement: When Getting Visibility Is a Good Thing 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Personal Branding: Touting Your Accomplishments 
 
 Articles on how to form your personal board of directors: 
 
 Assembling Your Own Personal Board of Directors 
 Form Your Personal Board of Directors to Gain Insights from Others 
 
 Articles on mentoring: 
 
 Making Your Mark as a Mentor 
 Using Your Network to Find a Mentor 
 Why You Want a Mentor 
 Finding the Right Mentor 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Career Center 
 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Career 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
