[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Account Executive 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted October 2 
 Applications have closed 
 Heymarket 
 
 Overview 
 Heymarket helps businesses message with their customers over SMS, Apple Business Chat, Facebook Messenger, and more. Heymarket is used by over 1,200 businesses including Dignity Health, Blue Bottle, and Uhaul. Heymarket was founded by the team behind Manymoon, the #1 app in the Google Apps Marketplace and acquired by Salesforce. 
 We are seeking our first sales person drive mid-market lead generation. This is an excellent opportunity for a self-starter that is looking to build a sales process with a company that has already reached product/market fit. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Build and manage a strong sales pipeline while exceeding quarterly sales targets 
 Work with the CEO to develop a plan for continued pipeline growth 
 Provide accurate forecasting through Salesforce 
 Manage full sale cycle from lead generation, qualification, and working with Customer Success to conduct demos, and closing 
 Utilize prospecting tools such as ZoomInfo and Outreach to identify and engage with key decision makers 
 Own and iterate on the sales playbook 
 
 Requirements 
 
 2+ years of startup SaaS sales experience 
 4-year undergraduate degree 
 Experience with targeted prospecting, qualifying leads, and product demos 
 Experience with Salesforce, Outreach, ZoomInfo, and LinkedIn Sales Navigator 
 Ability to adapt easily to new situations and eager to learn/contribute 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 
 Heymarket is remote, but has an office in the SoMa neighborhood of San Francisco. Benefits include medical, dental, and vision insurance. To learn more about the company, please visit our website at  heymarket.com . 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  306 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Facebook  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Growth Marketing Operations Manager 
 ChowNow  Commission-free online ordering, built just for your restaurant. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 13
 
 
 
 
 VP Market Development 
 Twilio  Changing communications with modern apps 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 5
 
 
 
 
 Content Marketing Manager 
 Zenput  Operations execution software for multi-unit restaurants, c-stores, and grocers 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Writing
* November 17
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
