Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Android Developer II - PC Optimum 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Looking for a challenge? Good. Love an innovative work environment? Even better. 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we're up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we've created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we're only just getting started. 
 We're able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. If you have big ideas, undeniable enthusiasm, and thrive in a collaborative, creative, and diverse group, we'll get along just fine. 
 In this role, you will be working as a member of the Development team. You will have exposure to every aspect of the software development cycle, and you will be encouraged to express your opinions and challenge assumptions. You will have guidance from Mobile Tech Lead on technology and architecture to ensure code quality and better development practices. 
 The successful candidate will assist in building, improving, maintaining and leading a world-class native mobile e-commerce app. 
 This is a hands-on role where you will work with million+ download customer facing apps as well as in-store colleague facing apps. As a Mobile Developer, you'll work with the latest native mobile languages, while interfacing with RESTful Java-based API's. Your day-to-day work as a Mobile Developer will involve working on one of several of our complex, customer & colleague facing apps. Expect to contribute your expertise in native mobile design as well as your technical experience in creating a high-performing, maintainable apps. You'll often be working closely with our user experience groups to create and implement an attractive mobile app. 
What You'll Do 
Design, build and maintain native mobile applications for Android 
Participate in code reviews and architecture reviews 
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications 
Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features 
Taking ownership, writing UnitTest and UITest as part of development norm 
Mentor Junior Android developers 
Does This Sound Like You? 
You know how to write readable, idiomatic and maintainable Kotlin/Java code 
You are experienced with a variety of Android frameworks. 
You have a deep understanding of Object oriented design patterns and API design. 
You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code. 
You love to think in a functional way and you want to learn what functional programming means (RxJava2) 
Experience with offline storage (Room/Realm), threading, and performance tuning 
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services 
Familiarity with CI/CD and Fastlane 
You have released at least one App under your supervision from an organization where you did: 
Core architecture 
Code review 
Mentored other developer 
Development 
Wrote UnitTest and possibly some UITest 
 Good to have: 
RxJava2 
Retrofit 
Butterknife/Dagger2 
Lombok 
Room/Realm 
Fastlane 
How you’ll succeed 
 At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
