WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 3D Artist (Environment/Generalist) 
 Studio Drydock Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We're looking for a 3D artist to join our fully remote team! We are now in production for our new game and are excited to start building out all of the environments, props, and set dressings that the full game experience deserves. 
 There will be a lot of variety in the environments and props, covering both relatable real-world items and fantasy, but all fitting together within a “cozy” and approachable theme. The content is a mixture of organic and hard-surface stylised 3D assets with all lighting and detail baked and hand painted into a single texture pass. 
 ‍ 
 This job will involve: 
 
 Creative design, planning, and creation of environment layouts and props based on guidance from the creative director's verbal descriptions, concept art, and reference images. 
 Reference gathering and loose conceptual grey-box modelling to express your plans and ideas to the team. 
 Creation of low-poly 3D models in Maya meeting strict pipeline and game engine requirements. 
 Hand-painting stylised tileable environment textures. 
 Creating efficient UV sets with a focus on ease of hand-texturing and texture baking. 
 Using Substance Painter for base lighting and texturing as well as Photoshop for detail texturing. 
 
 ‍ 
 This is a remote-working (but full-time) position: 
 
 Work around your family and personal commitments. Work any hours of the day and week that make sense for you. We generally communicate over Slack or email, with occasional voice/video chat when convenient. 
 You will need to have some reasonable time zone overlap with both Melbourne and the US. 
 We'll be trusting you to be self-motivated and able to manage your own time and workload; we won't be micromanaging your task list. 
 
 ‍ 
 Our dream 3D Artist is: 
 
 A passionate artist who knows how to make amazing graphics that pop (within a polygon budget!). 
 Someone with an appreciation of cozy games, builders, and life simulation games and can express their love of the genre through their art. 
 A kind and supportive team member – someone who doesn't hesitate to give others feedback on their work in a way that makes them feel valued and is excited to present their ideas when others have problems. 
 
 ‍ 
 This will be a  full-time fixed-contract position  for  8-10 months  , covering the project's duration. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About Studio Drydock 
 Studio Drydock is making games for diverse audiences, and it's super-important to us that our team is just as unique and varied. We encourage you to apply even if you don't think you meet all of the criteria. 
 You won't find any guns or explosions in Studio Drydock games; we're making experiences for the vast majority of the world that finds fun in creativity, exploration and building. 
 Studio Drydock is built on a foundation of support and independence in equal measure. We value our team members' unique experiences and trust them to do their jobs the way they know how, knowing people will reach out when they need it. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
