Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Inventory Cycle Counter 
 WOLF STEEL - NAPOLEON 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Title  : Inventory Cycle Counter 
 Reports to:  Inventory Control Team Leader 
 Based at:  Wolf Steel Ltd. 9 Napoleon Road. 
 Shift:  7:00 am – 3:30 pm (Monday - Friday) This position will train on an afternoon shift 
 Job Purpose  : 
 To perform regular inventory cycle counts to identify possible discrepancies in inventory quantities and reconcile discovered variances according to the approved policies and procedures. 
 Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities: 
 
 Follow all relevant operational procedures and instructions so that work is carried out in a controlled and consistent manner. 
 Perform regular stock take and cycle counting during the year and during the end of year physical inventory, while conducting reconciliation in the case of discrepancies. 
 Follow and implement the approved cycle counting schedule, so that discrepancies are identified and reconciled in a timely manner. 
 Ongoing communication with material handlers, team leaders and supervisors on material location and status. 
 Continuous communication with Material planners in user departments for scheduling of issues. 
 Identify parts by reading drawings, descriptions and part numbers. 
 Maintain a filing system of the facts, discrepancies, and issues identified during the cycle counting or stock taking process in order to maintain accurate records that can be easily retrieved. 
 Utilize a forklift when required to access inventory for counting. 
 
 Education and Experience  : 
 
 Completion of OSSD or equivalent. 
 Completion of Materials Management course considered an asset. 
 1-2 years’ experience working as a cycle counter using an RF Scanner. 
 2+ years’ experience driving a forklift with a valid forklift license. 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook). 
 Experience with a computerized inventory system or Visual experience considered an asset. 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
 Highly detail oriented. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Store discount 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Overtime 
 
 Experience: 
 
 forklift: 2 years (Preferred) 
 cycle counting using and RF scanner: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
