Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Service Specialist- 3 Month Term 
 Canada Life Assurance Company 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
We are Canada Life 
 Being a part of Canada Life means you have a voice. This is a place where your unique background, perspectives and talents are valued, and shape our future success. 
 You can be your best here. You’re part of a diverse and inclusive workplace where your career and well-being are championed. You’ll have the opportunity to excel in your way, finding new and better ways to deliver exceptional customer and advisor experiences. 
 Together, as part of a great team, you’ll deliver on our shared purpose to improve the well-being of Canadians. It’s our driving force. Become part of a strong and successful company that’s trusted by millions of Canadians to do the right thing. 
 Be your best at Canada Life. 
 We are looking for a Client Service Specialist- 3 Month Term 
 Reporting to the Associate Manager, you will be responsible for accurate and timely processing of financial and non-financial transactions for our clients’ segregated fund and guaranteed policies in support of our distribution partners. 
 This is a term position for a period of 3 Months 
 What you will do: 
Processing transactions for segregated fund and guaranteed policies 
Reviewing transactions entered by advisors 
Communicating with advisors’ requirements to turn “not in good order” trades into “in good order” trades 
Meeting service standards to minimize financial impact 
 What you will bring: 
Excellent written communication skills 
Attention to detail 
Team player committed to achieving team objectives 
Self-motivated and enjoy a busy work environment 
Ability to meet strict daily deadlines 
Ability to organize and prioritize daily responsibilities 
Excellent keyboarding skills with minimal errors 
 Be your best at Canada Life- Apply today! 
 Canada Life serves the financial security needs of more than 13 million people across Canada, with additional operations in Europe and the United States. As members of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies, we’re one of Canada’s leading insurers with interests in life insurance, health insurance, investment and retirement savings. We offer a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations. 
 We are committed to providing an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live, and to creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. 
 Canada Life would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted 
 #IND 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
