Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Licensed Research Coordinator (RN), Hematology Research 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Req ID:  100037 
 Location:  Central Zone 
 Company:  NSHA 
 Department:  RSH 890440 
 Type of Employment:  Hourly FT long-assignment (100% FTE) x 1 position(s) 
 Union Status:  Research 
 Posting Closing Date:  19-Nov-20 
 Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM on the Closing Date. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is the largest provider of health services in Nova Scotia. We are over 22,000 employees who provide health care and support services in hospitals, health centres and community-based programs throughout Nova Scotia. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority provides health services to Nova Scotians and some specialized services to Maritimers and Atlantic Canadians. We operate hospitals, health centres and community-based programs across the province. Our team of health professionals includes employees, doctors, researchers, learners and volunteers that provide the health care or services you may need. This is accomplished across four geographic management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient, outpatient services including academic, tertiary, quaternary care and community based programs and services including continuing care, primary health care, public health, and mental health and addictions. 
 Responsibilities 
 Reporting to the Principal Investigator (PI) and the Associate Director, Hematology Research, the Research Coordinator is responsible for the coordination of research projects conducted at QEII within the division of Hematology. This coordination includes the management of study administration of the studies/clinical trials, caring for the subjects participating in the studies and the management of documents and data collected throughout the study period. 
 Please Note:  This posting has been updated to reflect Registered Nurse (RN) in the title. 
 Qualifications 
Degree or diploma in Nursing required 
Current registration with NSCN required 
Minimum of two years experience in Nursing required 
Knowledge and experience in Hematology/Oncology nursing an asset 
Experience in clinical research an asset 
CCRP (Certified Clinical Research Professional) or CCRA (Certified Clinical Research Associate) an asset 
Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint), email and internet 
Demonstrated competencies in computer skills, including databases. 
Demonstrated clinical assessment skills related to the scope required for a particular study and patient population (i.e. CPR, ECG, physical, performs phlebotomy, etc) 
Effective interpersonal, communication and teaching skills 
Demonstrated time management and organizational skills 
Effective research and analytical thinking skills 
Strong negotiation, conflict resolution and rapport-building skills 
Ability to work well independently as well as within a multi disciplinary team environment 
Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
 
 Successful Applicants are required to provide a criminal record check (including Vulnerable Sector Search) to People Services before starting employment and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment 
 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must clearly state such equivalencies in their cover letter, resume, or application. Additionally, candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information. 
 Hours of Work 
 Full-time, Long Assignment (75 hrs bi-weekly) 
Beginning November 23, 2020 with an expected end date of December 31, 2021 (potential for renewal) 
 
 Dates are subject to change 
 
 Salary Information 
 $31.9518 - $39.9397 hourly 
 Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Typically interviews are held within three to four weeks of the closing date. 
 Successful external applicants will be required to submit the below documents and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment. Additional documentations such as banking & proof of identity will be included in your offer letter. 
 Criminal Record Check 
Proof of education & training certifications 
Proof of any additional required qualification 
Valid registration with the relevant licensing body 
Submission of immunization record along with health assessment documentation 
Proof of SIN number 
 Hiring Process will depend on timeliness of delivering the above. 
 This is a Management/Non Union Research bargaining unit position. Preference is given to bargaining unit employees for unionized positions. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is proud to provide a smoke free and scent free environment. 
Only online applications are accepted. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) is committed to being a workforce that is free of discrimination, values diversity and is representative, at all job levels, of the people we serve. Our priority groups are: Aboriginal People, African Nova Scotians, Persons with Disabilities and Recent Immigrants. Members of these groups are welcome to apply and self-identify if they wish to be considered under our Employment Equity policy. 
 Follow us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/NSHA.Recruitment/ 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
