Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate 
 RBC 
 __Pointe-Claire, QC 
 Apply Now 
 What is the opportunity? 
 The RBC Dominion Securities Pointe-Claire branch is currently seeking an Associate to join a well-established advisory team. By joining the team, you will participate in growing the business by providing exceptional and efficient service and by taking care of administrative duties related to client accounts and by responding to client inquiries. 
 What will you do? 
 
 Responsible for the professional servicing of incoming telephone and email contacts from clients, Advisors and other internal and external partners 
 Support the Investment Advisors in general administrative duties in the management of client accounts 
 Request information and documentation from clients in order to open accounts and keep client files up to date 
 Assist in preparing mailings such as seminars, newsletters, and information packages 
 Coordinate meetings for the Investment Advisors, print and distribute reports 
 Monitor all pending transfers to ensure completion on a timely basis 
 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 
 Canadian Securities Course (CSC) and Conduct and Practices Handbook Course (CPH) 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills in French and English 
 Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills, especially Excel 
 Meticulous attention to detail and excellent time-management skills 
 Demonstrated skills in providing world-class client service that will come across as professional, warm, and friendly to our clients 
 
 Nice-to-have 
 
 Knowledge of RBC Dominion Securities’ systems and procedures, an asset 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in securities industry 
 Enthusiastic, committed, and entrepreneurial spirit 
 
 What’s in it for you? 
 We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. 
 
 A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable 
 Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities 
 Ability to make a difference and lasting impact 
 Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
 A world-class training program in financial services 
 
 Join our Talent Community 
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. 
 Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 City:  Pointe-Claire 
 Address:  755 Saint-Jean Boulevard 
 Work Hours/Week:  37.5 
 Work Environment:  Branch 
 Employment Type:  Permanent 
 Career Level:  Experienced Hire/Professional 
 Pay Type:  Salary + Variable Bonus 
 Required Travel (%):  0 
 Exempt/Non-Exempt:  N/A 
 People Manager:  No 
 Application Deadline:  12/08/2019 
 Platform:  Wealth Management 
 Req ID:  201951 
 Ad Code(s): 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
