  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Stevenage, England 
 Rate:  £13.48 - £15.55 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Qualified PNC Trainer (Police) 
 Service Care Solutions are looking for a qualified PNC (Police National Computer) Trainer to cover a contract across the Hertfordshire area. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 To design and deliver training to meet locally identified needs making best use of blended learning. 
 To develop and deliver national training packages, meeting relevant compliance criteria making best use of blended learning. 
 To ensure that training keeps pace with changes and developments in terms of content, design and methodology. 
 To contribute to the evaluation of training through effective feedback systems, with changes being incorporated - and recorded - in design or delivery as required. 
 To administer tests and assessments. 
 To manage learner performance and behaviour appropriately. 
 To adhere to agreed quality assurance procedures and provide evidence in support of local / national audit activity (e.g. 
 PSQA). 
 To provide advice and support to all staff members in relation to learning and personal development. 
 Entry Requirements: 
 Level 3 training qualification or relevant experience. 
 Ability to research, plan, design, deliver and evaluate training programmes. 
 Computer literate. 
 Accredited in the use of PNC Names Enquiry and PNC Vehicles Enquiry 
 Recent Detective / Investigative experience 
 Ability to use a range of appropriate IT systems 
 Would like some of them to be PST trainers as well - to work across teams - multi-skilled. 
 Any other General Requirements/Scope 
 This role requires the post holder to have a valid UK driving licence / the ability to travel to different locations across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire. 
 If using a private vehicle then business insurance needs to be organised by the individual. 
 The post holder will occasionally be required to work additional hours. 
 A proportion of trainers may be required to be on a shift pattern in order to provide cover for Training taking place outside normal office hours. 
 University qualifications will not be taken into account for this position. 
 If you are interested, please ring Martin Cookson on 01772 208962 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months + 
 
 
 Rate:  £13.48 - £15.55 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Stevenage, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Public_Sector 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 09:52:49 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
