Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 COMM O 14R - SHR Communications Coordinator 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 SHR Communications Coordinator 
Communications Officer 14 
 This position can be performed from multiple communities and the location of the position is negotiable. 
An eligibility list may be established for future permanent and/or temporary vacancies. 
There is currently one temporary opportunity until March 31, 2021. This opportunity may be extended and/or become permanent. 
 Are you passionate about the difference good communication can make? Do you want to work on a strong, supportive team making a difference every day? We want to hear from you! 
If this position interests you and you meet the required criteria, we look forward to your application. 
 Corporate Services for the Natural Resource Ministries (CSNR) operates within a government shared-services delivery model providing corporate services to the five Natural Resource Ministries (NRMs). The ministries are: Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation (MIRR); Agriculture (AGRI); Energy, Mines and Petroleum Resources (EMPR); Environment and Climate Change Strategy (ENV); and Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations, and Rural Development (FLNRORD). 
 The People and Workplace Strategies Branch works in partnership with executive, senior leaders and line managers in the ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development to provide thorough, value-added and innovative strategic human resource (SHR) management and organization development (OD) services. The branch provides ministry-wide direction and consultation to our clients regarding the alignment of SHR/OD strategies with the ministry’s business priorities and goals, and the engagement of employees to enhance organizational excellence and optimize results. The Branch leads several initiatives for the ministry including workforce planning, responding to the Work Environment Survey results and key people priorities (succession management, leadership development, change leadership, diversity and inclusion etc.) that support a positive work environment and high-performance workplace culture. 
 As the SHR Communications Coordinator you will be an important part of a great team. You will develop and execute ministry internal communications plans related to strategic human resource topics; prepare communication materials on behalf of the SHR branch and ministry executive staff; and design and maintain the branch intranet site. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 Explore the opportunities and value working with our team can offer you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it-9laHaKyc&feature=youtu.be. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Kimberly.Lowe@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Diploma or formal course work in Communications, Public Relations, Journalism, English or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be considered. 
Experience writing and editing communications materials. 
Experience using website preparation software such as Front Page, Adobe Acrobat, Photoshop and Illustrator. 
Preference may be given to applicants who have experience working with CMS Lite. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 CRC - A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter required:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume required:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application, however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire:  YES (COMPREHENSIVE) - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 NOTE:  Along with your application, please complete the following written assignment. You will need to submit your responses directly to Kimberly.Lowe@gov.bc.ca. Only those who meet the screening requirements will have these responses assessed. Responses will be assessed for written communication skills along with a connection to the core competencies included in the job profile. These responses must be received by 11:00pm on the close date of the posting listed above. Responses that are received late may not be considered. 
 This assignment was designed to assess your written communication skills. Please do not discuss the assignment with anyone or ask someone to proof-read or otherwise assist you. 
 Communications Launch Plan Written Assignment 
 Effective communication is an important aspect of the SHR Internal Communications Coordinator role. The FLNRORD People and Workplace Strategies Branch regularly communicates corporate and organizational initiatives to their Executive clients. In May 2020 the PSA soft launched a new Knowledge Transfer Toolkit on MyHR. Due to evolving communications and SHR priorities around the pandemic, the branch decided to pause a formal launch in the ministry. The branch is now ready to communicate this valuable resource to clients. 
 Please develop a communication plan to launch the Knowledge Transfer Toolkit in the ministry. The primary audience is Executive leadership and managers. However, the toolkit includes resources that are relevant to all employees. 
 In addition to the communication plan, as part of this assignment, please draft an email communication for SHR Advisors to send to their Executive clients. This email will also serve as a resource for Executive to discuss the toolkit with their teams. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
