Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supervisor, Warehouse 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Ajax, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
500 Bayly Street East, Ajax, Ontario, L1Z 0B2 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Key Responsibilities : 
Direct daily activity to ensure productivity, safety and schedules are maintained 
Review the workload and plan the correct sequence for the assembly, shipping and receiving of products 
Supervise colleagues on the respective shift 
Ensure proper handling of products to confirm our customers receive quality merchandise 
Provide direction and coaching 
Create positive union relations 
Performance management of colleagues while adhering to the Collective Agreement 
Maintain integrity of inventory according to the inbound and outbound activity 
Maintain the security of the Distribution Center 
Support the Distribution Center in setting targets by participating in or leading performance improvement objectives 
Establish and maintain high personal involvement, accessibility, and visibility to Distribution employees 
Actively participate in organizational culture initiatives creating a culture conducive to higher engagement and retention 
 Job Related & Physical Requirements: 
Must be able to work in varying facility conditions. 
Ability and availability to work irregular or extended hours including nights, weekends and holidays as needed 
 Experience, Education, and Training: 
At least 3 – 5 years of supervisory experience in a warehouse or distribution environment 
Computer applications using MS office 
Computer applications experience using SAP or warehouse operating system desired 
Working knowledge of warehouse / mechanical equipment 
Working knowledge of OH&S, Transport Canada, WHMIS, Health Canada regulations and the willingness to become certified in one or more of these areas as necessary 
Excellent supervisory skills 
Excellent customer service skills 
Excellent analytical and mathematical skills 
 Loblaw actively seeks great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust, and make connections. If this sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change, and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced warehouse environment, please apply online today 
 Thank you for your interest, due to the volume of applicants only those who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
