Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mackenzie Investments Chair 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University invites applications for a position in the Finance and Business Economics Area to be filled at the rank of Associate or Full Professor with tenure. The position will commence on July 01, 2018. The successful candidate will hold the Mackenzie Investments Chair in Evidence-Based Investment Management and will be expected to contribute to research and scholarship through publications in high quality journals in financial economics, participation in prominent national and international academic conferences, and research guidance in his/her area/s of expertise. The successful candidate will also be expected to contribute to the School’s academic programs at both its Hamilton and Burlington locations, to participate in executive education programs, and support the School’s initiatives within the business community. The appointment to the chairship will be for an initial five-year period, with the possibility of renewal for additional terms. Salary is commensurate with experience. 
 The Finance and Business Economics Area is committed to excellence in both research and teaching, and is one of eight Areas comprising the DeGroote School of Business. The School offers a number of programs at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. The Finance and Business Economics Area participates in these programs in a number of ways, including MBA specializations in Finance and Strategic Business Valuation, Master of Finance, and a Ph.D. field in Finance. Further information about the School can be found at http://www.degroote.mcmaster.ca/. 
 The search begins immediately and applications will be considered until the position is filled. Candidates should submit a curriculum vitae and names of three references. 
 How To Apply 
 Please apply online via the McMaster Academic Careers website (http://www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/), (Faculty Postings, Job 6016), directing your application documents to: 
 Prof. Narat Charupat, Chair, Finance and Business Economics Area, DeGroote School of Business, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada LMS 4M4. Email: finchair@mcmaster.ca; phone: (905) 525-9140, ext 23987; fax (905) 521-8995 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates including women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons, members of racialized communities and LGBTQ-identified persons. If you require any form of accommodation throughout the recruitment and selection procedure, please contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247). 
 To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship, however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
