
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Linkedin 
 
 Call us now: (470) 268-5802 
 
 
 Home 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 Legal Mediators 
 Back and Neck Injuries 
 Catastrophic Accidents 
 Construction Accidents 
 Death Claims 
 Head and Brain Injuries 
 Lost Income Benefits 
 Medical Benefits 
 On The Job Slip & Fall 
 Psychological Injuries 
 Repetitive Trauma Injuries / CTS 
 Spinal Cord Injuries 
 
 
 About 
 
 The Firm 
 
 
 Our Team 
 News 
 Get in touch 
 Search 
 Menu 
 
 Atlanta Attorney 
 Injured On The Job?   
 
 Have you been injured and you need the services of a workers’ compensation lawyer? Ask for recommendations from your family, friends and fellow co-worker. Good lawyers have their reputation proceeding them. 
 May 17, 2018/by  Jay   Tags:   Atlanta Workers Compensation Attorney ,  Workplace Injury 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share on Google+ 
 Share on Pinterest 
 Share on Reddit 
 
 https://workerscompensationlawyerga.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/work-injury-claim_-e1522168619858.jpg 299 480 Jay https://workerscompensationlawyerga.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/logo-atlanta-workers-comp-attorney-300x138.png Jay2018-05-17 08:00:262018-05-14 04:26:45Injured On The Job? 
 You might also like 
   Repetitive Stress Injuries   
   Best Atlanta Workers Compensation Attorney   
   Information to Bring to a Workers' Compensation Attorney   
   GA Workers Compensation Law   
   Workplace Spinal Cord Injury   
   Hurt On The Job - Call Us Today   
 Bobe & Snell LLC | Attorneys of Law | 1095 Powers Pl, Alpharetta, GA 30009 
Phone: +1 470-268-5802 | Fax: +1 470-268-5803 | Email:  Use form here. 
 Bobe & Snell, LLC are experts in workers’ compensation law and are located in Alpharetta, GA. Other areas we cover include: Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Roswell, Alpharetta, John’s Creek, Milton, Woodstock, Canton, Acworth, Marietta, Cumming, Lawrenceville, Duluth, Gainesville, Winder, Commerce, Athens, Dalton, Rome, Cartersville, Smyrna, Lavonia, Hartwell, Gainesville, Jasper, Dawsonville, Cleveland, Commerce, Jefferson, Winder Kennesaw, Fulton County, Forsyth County, Cherokee County, Gwinnett County, Cobb County, Dekalb County. Hall, Barrow Hart, Franklin, Dawson, Lumpkin, & Jackson Counties 
 Bobe & Snell LLC 
 © Copyright - Bobe & Snell Law Office LLC Workers Compensation Lawyer GA 1095 Powers Pl, Alpharetta, GA 30009 
 By reading the foregoing information and using this website you agree to the following: This foregoing is informational only; Nothing herein constitutes or is intended to constitute legal advice of any kind. Your use of the information herein does not create an attorney-client relationship. Never rely on any information presented herein without directly contacting and communicating with Law Offices of Bobe & Snell. Anyone with a suspected claim should communicate directly with competent counsel, including competent counsel affiliated with other firms. 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Linkedin 
 
 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Disclaimer 
 
 
 Linking Policy 
 
 
 Log-in 
 
 
  Atlanta Workers Compensation   Workplace Injuries  
 Scroll to top 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 
 OKLearn More 
 Cookie and Privacy Settings 
 How we use cookies 
 We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
 Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. 
 Essential Website Cookies 
 These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. 
 Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. 
 Google Analytics Cookies 
 These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. 
 If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: 
 Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking. 
 Other external services 
 We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. 
 Google Webfont Settings: 
 Click to enable/disable google webfonts. 
 Google Map Settings: 
 Click to enable/disable google maps. 
 Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: 
 Click to enable/disable video embeds. 
