Pamperingcampers Blog 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 About PamperingCampers 
 Email: WePamperCampers@yahoo.com 
 
 Search for: 
 workamping 
 Workamping Job Review - Vacation Rental Housekeeping 
 August 5, 2014   PamperingCampers   2 Comments 
 Technically, a workamping job is one you do while living in your RV. I think some purists might say that workamping requires you live in your RV for the job. Lines have been blurred, however, by work-from-home jobs being done while living in your RV. 
 My husband and I have worked in campgrounds for pay as Campground Managers/Hosts and as Area Managers. We also volunteered in a campground; which we loved. Working for pay helped to supplement our travel expenses. 
 Currently I have a work-at-home job that I do via the internet and phone; which can be done while travelling or standing still. I work on American Land & Leisure's Facebook and website:  www.americanll.com . Another internet/phone job I've had was selling advertising for  BeachConnection.net  on the Oregon Coast. 
 Recently I decided to try housekeeping for a vacation rental company on the Oregon Coast. This is not a job that requires you to live in an RV but, if you do live in an RV, is it called workamping? Anyway, I survived it (sort of) and I'd like to provide a review here; not of the company but of the work. If you want to know who I worked for, email me. I will not mention their name here. Different companies may have differing policies that impact # of hours worked and how physically taxing the job is. I am in my mid-fifties and consider myself fairly physically fit. 
 One of the properties owned by this company is a small motel. I only had the opportunity to clean 2 units in the motel so I do not feel I can give a good review of motel housekeeping but I have a feeling it is different than housekeeping in a home. 
 Housekeeping in Vacation Rental Homes compared to Campground Management 
 Housekeeping:  Physical Demands  - I often had a 2 - 4 bedroom (3 - 6 beds), 2 - 3 bath home to clean in a 5 hour time period. In the peak times, I had 2 or 3 homes to clean and sometimes I had more time to clean them. The level of cleaning required can be compared to cleaning your own home before you move in or out. It is very different from your weekly or daily cleaning chores because of the time constraint and sanitation required. Requirements included vacuum, mop, sanitize tubs, showers, toilets, sinks, sanitize/clean all kitchen appliances, wash all windows inside and out, dust high and low, strip all bedding, wash and replace bedding and bath towels, restock TP, paper towels, etc. Added challenges were familiarization with washer/dryers and floor cleaning equipment that was different in each home. Just getting all the laundry done in that time period for a 6 - 10 person rental was tight. 
 Campground Management: The physical campground work was easier, to me, even though it included shoveling out fire rings (including rocks), cleaning vault and flush toilets and painting tables, signs and buildings. Campground work was easier to me because, for example, each fire ring did not need shoveling everyday. Restrooms are the most demanding in a campground because of the sanitation requirements. Painting tables, signs and buildings can usually be done on a less restrictive deadline so it is not as physically demanding. 
 Housekeeping:  Customer Service  - My job did not require much interaction with the customer. If the customer was not out by checkout time I did have to cordially try to move them along. Every minute counts and sometimes I had to call the boss for stronger encouragements with additional charges. But I left that to them while I was away from the property. I actually had a problem with the absence of people to talk to while working. I don't think of myself as needing a lot of social interaction but the lack of it here, at times, made it excruciatingly boring. 
 Campground Management: There is a LOT of interaction with the customer in campground management. Depending on your attitude it will be mostly fun or mostly frustrating. If you are a people-person, campground management is fun most of the time. 
 Conclusion: Housekeeping is not for me! 
 There is an incredible variety of work available for workampers. As they say, variety is the spice of life! So stretch yourself. Here are a few resources for finding your next workamping adventure: 
 PamperingCampers ,  American Land & Leisure ,  HappyVagabonds ,  Workers-on-wheels ,  Snowbird RV Trails 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 american land & leisure happy vagabonds housekeeping pamperingcampers.com website work-at-home work-from-home workamping workers on wheels 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostRollin' on the River Next PostMerganser vs Mudcat 
 2 thoughts on "Workamping Job Review - Vacation Rental Housekeeping" 
 
 Cathy  says: 
 
 August 5, 2014 at 10:51 am 
 What company did you do vacation rental housekeeping for? We are always looking for vacation rentals with reasonable rates. My husband and I have a RV but do not tow it far in fact, it stays within 10 miles of our house in the summer on the Wynoochee River. My husband isn't interested in pulling it very far any more. So I came up with the idea that vacation rentals in the fall and winter are perfect but I really don't like paying all those extra charges tacked on by rental companies. We have found a nice little place in Florence that is rental by owner who lives in AZ. and it is only a block or so from the ocean and has a beautiful view of the ocean from the deck off the loft. 
I had always wanted to be a camp host when we retired because I love being around people and love the outdoors, but I guess he had other plans. LOL So that means that I have spent more time inside than what I had planned too. I absolutely love the Tillicum Beach Park. We have stayed there in the past both in a tent and also in our trailer. That is the park that I wanted to be able to host because I have enjoyed it so much when we have stayed there. Oh well, now I just dream about it when I drive past the park. 
 Reply 
 1. **[PamperingCampers](http://www.pamperingcampers.com)** says:
 
 August 5, 2014 at 8:38 pm 
 Tillicum Beach is my favorite! I think there's actually a waiting list for that one 🙂 Email me at  wepampercampers@yahoo.com  and we'll talk. Thanks for stopping by and commenting! 
jo 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 About our Camping and Workamping Experiences 
 Search this Blog 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About PamperingCampers 
 
 Email: WePamperCampers@yahoo.com 
 
 
 camping 
 workamping 
 travel 
 west coast 
 photos 
 beach 
 fishing 
 wildlife 
 birding 
 religion 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 395 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Top Posts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
