Skip to content 
 Welcome to MartyBird.com 
 My thoughts on the world around me. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 Video Gallery 
 
   
 personal ,  professional 
 From The Field - Job Hunting 
 Some observations while out in the field hunting for my next job. 
 Staying Positive: 
 This is  not  how my Life Plan was supposed to turn out! I did not anticipate that I'd be out of work and hunting for a job (twice in the same year - ugg!!). I do see that’s pretty naive of me, but truly it’s not something I had pre-planned. It’s a test of my character to handle what has been presented to me, to stay positive by keeping busy, asking for and accepting help, as well as working my plan to connect to a great career role. 
 Networking: 
 I can't say enough how important my network has been, and will continue to be, for me. Making the ask for an informational interview to discuss my job search strategy has been getting easier, and I have found is especially rewarding when I’m treated with empathy and a true willingness to help. 
 Even with  my strong network , no one is going to do this for me. I listened to Jon Gordon’s wonderful book,  The Energy Bus . This provided inspiration and motivation to help me realize I am fully onboard and driving my own bus. There will be no magic to my next career position, this one is all on me.  The Energy Bus  teaches that you must find and communicate your own vision and drive that bus toward that vision. 
 Career Coaches: 
 The best advice I have received so far from a career coach is to turn the thought of "interviewing" into "evaluating." This tip helps me to create equal stature and lowers barriers. I am looking for a career opportunity that makes sense for both parties, where the match is excellent and both parties benefit. I am evaluating companies, and job opportunities, to ensure a great fit. 
 Importance of taking some time off: 
 To stave off the anxiety, I have to remember to take some time off. Time to think, time to read, time to work in the garage, time to reflect, and time to look forward. And don’t feel guilty about taking this time to myself. 
 Discover myself: 
 Others see me much more clearly than I do. That makes selling myself a little tough.  StrengthsFinder  has helped me see that my top strengths are Discipline, Learner, Responsibility, Intellection, and Relator. Understanding how those strengths relate to a particular job, and being able to talk about it helps me greatly. 
 Family: 
 Without full support and encouragement from my wife, this experience would be horrible. She's my true life partner and she gets me. My extended family is also supportive and helpful by understanding this is a temporary, yet delicate condition. They allow me to vent my frustrations, and I do exploit their kindness when I must. 
 I become frustrated that I have placed myself in this position of discomfort. I have yet to convince myself that it'll all work out. Yet, I am assured from all external sources that I am doing all I can, and more than most do, to ensure this exercise is to have a positive outcome. I have been told this is happening for a reason, and assured good things are in my future because of me, my skills, my attitude, of who I am. I'll keep being who I am, and trust this process is yet another part of life's wonderful journey. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 October 26, 2017 
 Published by Marty Bird 
  View all posts by Marty Bird  
 One thought on "From The Field - Job Hunting" 
 
 Alexandra Rufatto-Perry  says: 
 
 December 14, 2017 at 12:45 am 
 Love the positivity in this Marty! You give good insights into all the domains of a job search. I'll be interested to see where you land! 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: An Open Letter To My Future Employer 
 Next Next post: Job Search Journey 
 Categories 
 Audi TT   Daily Reads   family   finance   Fun   iPhone   movies   personal   photography   professional   technology   Uncategorized   vacation 
 Search for: Search 
 Read More . . . 
 
 I'm Not THAT Marty Bird 
 Smooth Landing at Ritron 
 Job Search Journey 
 From The Field - Job Hunting 
 An Open Letter To My Future Employer 
 Pursuit of happiness? 
 Stepping out of the comfort zone 
 Race Day Memories - Indianapolis 500 
 Big Weekend of Transition and Celebration 
 When You Don't Have Kids 
 Time for an update? 
 Square Credit Card Terminal for iPhone 
 Some random thoughts 
 Car Cache 
 Furnace Fix Update - Draft Inducer Motor Replaced 
 
 More Marty Bird . . . 
 Marty Bird on LinkedIn 
 Marty Bird on Blogspot 
 Marty Bird on Facebook 
 Marty Bird on Twitter 
 Marty Bird on YouTube 
 Marty Bird on Instagram 
 All my photo content 
 Audi TT Photos 
 I'm not THAT Marty Bird (Ozark) 
 Social 
 
  LinkedIn  
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Pinterest  
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
