Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Health and Safety Specialist 
 Casino Rama Resort 
 __Orillia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position at Casino Rama Resort, Orillia 
 Job Type:  Full-Time- Contract (12 Month) 
 The Gateway to Your Future 
 Reporting to the Health & Safety Manager – Ontario, this position supports the development, implementation, oversight, support and administration of programs, policies and procedures to ensure regulatory compliance and a strong health and safety management system to drive health and safety as a competitive advantage in the best interests of the company. The position will provide our gaming sites with direct support and guidance to the operations by creating evidence-based solutions to achieve objectives and goals. 
 Among other duties and with exceptional time management skills, the individual will support health and safety initiatives, research and data analytics, develop training materials, coordinates compliance systems, provides support and guidance to cross sectional leadership teams such as human resources, administrative structures, leadership and operations. 
 We Provide 
 Development and training opportunities 
Employee meal in the dining lounge 
Free shuttle Service 
Exciting, supportive and fun work environment 
Family and friends’ discounts on travel, tech, food, beverage, and fitness 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Assist in research initiatives to draft health and safety program(s); 
Supports leadership with health and safety research, provides interpretive advice, and remains aware of provincial enforcement objectives. 
Provides guidance, support and subject-matter expertise to operations human resources teams and management teams to improve health and safety at all Ontario locations. 
Ensures that company programs, policies and initiatives are effective and in place throughout the operations. 
Develops and rolls-out training materials for the development of employees, committees, supervisors, managers and human resources professionals in the areas of health and safety. 
Administers and coordinates systems and programs to ensure compliance with regulatory as well as company standards and expectations. 
Assists in the development, evaluation and revision of compliance and/or health or safety programs 
Analyzes site(s) OHS performance data, denotes company trending and provides remedial feedback 
Supports hazard assessment functions and documentation maintenance inventories 
Supports sites with administrative assistance to establish health and safety remedies 
Works with operations HR and management teams to drive H&S compliance, initiatives and performance. 
Provides administrative support to ensure OHS committees are functioning and JHSC activities are accurately recorded. 
Supports, coordinates and/or conducts focused OHS audits activities. 
Coordinates the internal reporting structure with respect to the H&S program maintenance including, all applicable documentation, records, reports, performance measures, and tracking site compliance/performance. 
Supports claims management initiatives and the efforts of the Disability and Wellness team. 
Liaises with regulatory agencies and other third-party groups (e.g. Ministry of Labour and WSIB) to advance and protect the interests of the company. 
Takes on additional responsibilities as required. 
 What You Bring 
 Post-secondary education in a relevant field 
At least 3 years of related work experience 
Demonstrated knowledge of all occupational health and safety laws and related statues 
H&S-related designation an asset (e.g. CRSP or CHSC) or in final stage of achievement 
Experience in corporate program development and the requirements to maintain same 
Knowledge of the principles with respect to claims management 
Experience in H&S with multi-site, multi-jurisdictional operations 
Experience in the application of H&S programs in gaming, food and beverage and/or hospitality operations 
Experience in the process with respect to developing and delivering H&S program initiatives 
Experience in developing and facilitating the delivery of training programs 
Experience interpreting statutes 
 Why Work With Us? 
Gateway celebrates and empowers our team members, who make it all possible. A career at Gateway means working with great people, being recognized for your unique contribution and career advancement opportunities across our 27 locations. Our employees thrive with ongoing training and leadership programs while working in a dynamic and fun environment. See for yourself what it’s like to be on a team that values your vision, skill and energy. 
 Get to Know Gateway 
Gateway Casinos & Entertainment Limited (“Gateway”) is one of the largest and most diversified gaming and entertainment companies in Canada. Across its 27 gaming properties in British Columbia, Ontario and Edmonton, Alberta, Gateway currently employs approximately 8,648 people and boasts approximately 448 table games (including 49 poker tables), 13,887 slots, 85 restaurants and bars and 561 hotel rooms. Gateway is the service provider for the Central, Southwest and North gaming Bundles in Ontario, which includes 11 properties in their portfolio. A multi-pronged growth strategy has seen Gateway diversify and expand its product offering, including developing proprietary casino and restaurant brands, dramatically improving the gaming customer experience while attracting new customers. Some of Gateway's proprietary brands include Match Eatery & Public House, Atlas Steak + Fish and the new Halley's Club. In 2017, Gateway celebrated 25 years in the business of gaming and entertainment in Canada. Further information is available at www.gatewaycasinos.com. 
 Apply Now! 
Not the right fit this time? Follow us on our careers social media pages! 
 Gateway is a proud equal opportunity employer and dedicates itself to Respect, Integrity, Team-Work and Exceptional Customer Service. We are committed to providing an inclusive and barrier free candidate experience and work environment. If you require accommodation at any point during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
