  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Design & Multimedia  
 
 Design & Multimedia Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 1 week ago 
 Pt Inti 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 7 
 I need designer for document letter and logo of Brand for money changer 
Hdhdbvdvsbsvsbsbdbbdbdvbdbdbdhsbsbsvvsbdbrhruururhfhfbbfbdbdbrbdbhrhdudhdhdbdbrbduufhrbdhufurhdh 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Change an existing logo 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Abstract (A logo featuring an abstract wordmark or logomark) 
 Published by:  L. P. Indonesia 
 Less than USD 50 
 1 week ago 
 Designer needed for to create illustrations to insert in a kids col... 
 Published: 1 week ago  Deadline: 3 Bids: 10 
 Designer needed for to create illustrations to insert in a kids coloring book ages 1-5. 
You will have to create 100 illustrations of animals with thick edges. 
 The illustrations created will must to pass copyright and plagiarism checkers. 
I'm looking for a person who wants to grow to be included in my team!! 
 In the attachments you will find the formatting for the book and the tipe of Illustration I'll search. 
If the job is done well, it will only be the first of many others. 
 Budget 60$ 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create new illustrations 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. M. Italy Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 1 week ago 
 Sugar cravings 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 18 
 I will make a dessert shop with my mom its because I like cook and my mom says me to sell it so ,I need a logo and a Instagram page. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Change an existing logo 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Seal (A logo framed within a shape (rectangle, oval, etc.)) 
 Published by:  I. Ecuador 
 Less than USD 50 
 1 week ago 
 Baby yoda illustations 
 Published: 1 week ago  Deadline: 8 Bids: 5 
 Hi there! 
 -Are you passionate about drawing and creative drawing? How about cartoon type illustrations in particular? 
 -Do you like to draw and share your knowledge and experience with others? 
 so if your answers to the questions above are “yes!”, then read on… 
 -Extensive experience or background knowledge in this topic: coloring books and detailed illustrations 
 -MUST be an experienced drawer 
-Attention to detail are important to you 
-Meeting deadlines is CRITICAL (I can’t stress this enough) 
-Frequent, easy and open communication 
-Open and willing to take constructive feedback 
-Ability and capacity to deliver minimum 2-4 high quality versions of these books 
 Here is a rough breakdown of how the structure works for this type of book: 
-high quality illustrations 
-this book need to be printed on single side to prevent bleed through 
 i also linked an image, so you can see the type of illustrations required for this book. less 
Attachments 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create new illustrations 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. D. Italy Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 weeks ago 
 Illustrative 3d territorial map 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Deadline: 41 Bids: 2 
 Make a 3D territorial map from the Google Earth image. The terrain relief, tourist equipment, geographical accidents, roads, trails, forests and valleys must be included. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Extension to existing art 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. E. G. V. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Business Card 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 18 
 Maintenance and Security Services that is my company. I want something creative and colors refresh, Im From Dominican Republic 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. C. A. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Dominican Republic 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 weeks ago 
 Video Editor + 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 Video & Photo editor needed (experience required) 
Spanish & English 
- Looking for an experienced video and photo editor who can do simple and clean edits to our ongoing videos and photos. 
- Must be FAST, Effective, responsive, professional and with previous experience in editing. Must add music, text, and make the videos/photos look professional while going along with our profile. 
 Things we need if you are interested: 
 - Best way to contact you 
- Name of video editing software and computer used for the edits. 
- 3 of your best projects 
- Link to your favorite video editor, youtuber, blogger, or other. 
- Visit the website  https://www.speedtest.net  perform a speed test and post results for both upload speed and download speed. 
 Video and photo editing for an arts and crafts online school, social media, and tutorials. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 Published by:  R. C. Last reply: 7 hours ago  Mexico 
 Less than USD 50 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
