Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Micro Fulfillment Centre Clerk 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
51 Gerry Fitzgerald Dr, Toronto, Ontario, M3J 3N4 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 JOB OPPORTUNITY 
 Job Title: 
Part Time Clerk - Micro Fulfillment Centre (Days/Evenings/Weekends – variety of shifts available) 
 Employment Status: 
Part time 
 Company: 
Real Canadian Superstore 
 Address: 
51 Gerry Fitzgerald Road 
 Date Posted: 
May 6, 2020 
 Closing Date: 
TBD 
 Role Mandate: 
The Discount team at Loblaw is rooted in a shared goal to Feed Everyone. It’s about easy access to fresh, affordable food and working tirelessly to ensure our customers get more for their grocery dollar than anywhere else. We know that a bright future starts with helping more children, people and families live well today so they can pursue great tomorrows. 
 For current colleagues, it’s an exciting time to be a part of the team and our unparalleled investment means working with us can be something special for you too. It’s more than just talk – we have a roadmap in place and are hiring talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience for customers. 
 In this role, you will be part of an innovative team on the forefront of E-Commerce fulfillment for our PC Express, Online Grocery business. This is an opportunity to deliver a best-in-class experience for our customers, as our retail landscape continues to evolve. 
 Everyone has opportunity – show us what you will do with yours. 
 What you’ll do: 
Work in an automated e-commerce micro fulfillment centre (warehouse setting) for our PC Express online grocery business. 
Utilize technology to pick and process online shopping orders using computerized automated equipment in a warehouse setting. 
Ensure shelves are stocked with product. 
Be committed to maintaining merchandising and operational standards. 
Other duties as required 
 What you’ll need: 
Previous retail, restaurant or food service experience 
Ability to lift up to 50lbs 
Ability to work in a fast paced and team-oriented environment 
Use power/hand jacks and various push/pull stock trucks (training will be provided) 
Wear steel toed shoes (subsidized by the company) 
Ability to work with and use computer programs and work with handheld devices 
Exceptional customer service skills 
Flexibility to work a variety of hours which may include days, evenings, night shifts and weekends 
 Why Loblaw is a great place to work: 
A culture that promotes creativity, innovation and being authentic 
Supports career growth, personal and professional development 
Proudly recognized for being Canada’s Top 100 Best Employers, Best Diversity Employer and Top Employer for Young people 
We give back to the communities we operate in and care for the environment 
10% Colleague Discount Program 
 Job Posting Notes 
 Thank you for your interest, however due to the volume of resumes only those who are selected for an interview will be contacted. Posting will be removed on close date noted above. 
 How to apply: 
If you are interested in this opportunity and feel that you possess the necessary requirements, please apply directly online. For all those who have a Workday Account, please use the ‘Careers’ worklet to apply. For all those without a Workday account please visit https://jobs.loblaw.ca/ca/en/c/retail-jobs 
 Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
