WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 Q&A 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement Q&A 
 
 Home 
 Career 
 Career Advancement 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 
 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Sometimes, we're so caught up in our work and daily routine that we forget basic things we need to do to advance our career. This article provides key insights to help you advance your career by paying attention to how you approach work and what's going on around you. 
 Here are three tips for  career advancement  that people often ignore; attitude is everything, relationships matter more than you’d ever imagine, and working hard only pays off if the higher ups are aware that you’ve been working hard. 
 1) Attitude Is Everything 
 Employees with a  positive attitude  will always advance higher in the organization than those without a good attitude.  Leadership  involves the ability to  motivate and inspire others to achieve . It is next to impossible to motivate and inspire others to achieve if you have a poor attitude yourself. Companies look for leaders that shine. Shining involves a positive outlook that rubs off on others around you. 
 2) Relationships Matter More Than You’d Ever Imagine 
 If you want to advance, the  relationships that you form with peers, supervisors and clients  will be your ticket to advancement. We get busy and we forget this. Relationships matter. Form relationships that secure your current position and your future advancement. Take the time to insure that your relationships are intact and that you haven’t neglected this valuable career tip. 
 3) Working Hard Only Pays Off if the Higher Ups Are Aware That You’ve Been Working Hard 
 Working hard is critical, but it doesn’t get you all the way there. It is important to be able to  market your accomplishments . The only position that doesn’t require that you market your accomplishments is sales. In sales, the evidence is in the numbers. To build a brand of a performer, regular communication of your accomplishments will be necessary. Keep everyone in your circle of influence informed of your successes. Use announcements, updates, emails, and memos to notify others of project summaries, accomplishments and other pertinent information. It does no good to be great if no one knows that you are great. It is your responsibility to make sure that you and your team are recognized for all that you’ve accomplished. 
 You may be surprised at the sudden impact that these three tips can have on your climb up the ladder. I wish you success as you achieve many (more) promotions. 
 by  Bethany Williams 
 
 Comments 
 
 David Hudson says 
 
 February 5, 2011 at 8:31 pm 
 These are some great tips that every professional should follow, I also want to share that people who are just starting out with their career should avoid looking at watch, as they need to work very hard to reach higher levels in career. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Career Center 
 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Career 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
