Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Analyst, Global RFP Management 
 Fiera Capital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Under the supervision of the Vice President, Global RFP Management, the Senior Analyst will be responsible for the analysis, preparation and presentation of Fiera Capital and its numerous investment strategies as well as provide service to existing client relationships as part of the Institutional Markets team. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 As part of your duties, you will be assigned the following responsibilities: 
 Complete Requests for Information (RFI) and Proposals (RFP) from potential clients and consultants, as well as more detailed due diligence questionnaires (DDQs), in a timely manner and while respecting the highest standards of quality; 
Respond to client and consultant inquiries; 
Support the creation and updating of fund fact sheets for marketing and reporting; 
Complete various market and portfolio analyses; 
Collaborate on various operational, marketing and business development projects; 
Maintain historical and current information on the firm, its strategies, investment approaches, portfolio characteristics, assets under management and investment teams; 
Update the RFI & RFP response database; 
Interact with Fiera’s Capability Specialists in order to thoroughly understand and communicate their investment approaches; 
Assist in the maintenance and update of the institutional databases and pooled fund surveys by producing precise and accurate information according to specific deadlines and develop tools to optimize this process; 
Involved with the peer review process. 
 EDUCATION/ACCREDITATION: 
Bachelor’s degree in business, applied mathematics, computer science or related field; 
CFA designation or in the process of obtaining is an asset. 
 EXPERIENCE AND SPECIFIC SKILLS 
5 to 10 years of investment experience in an Investment Management firm, consulting firm, pension plan or equivalent; experience with UK institutional asset management industry is an asset 
Excellent writing skills with experience completing RFIs/RFPs/DDQs 
Knowledge of third-party databases and software such as eVestment and RFPio is an asset 
Strong Client Service skills; 
Ability to work independently and take direction within a team-based structure 
Attention to detail, strong analytical skills and ability to produce high quality work; 
Strong time management skills, and ability to work under pressure in a dynamic environment with several tight deadlines; 
Results-oriented and proactive; 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; 
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel (VBA is an asset). 
 The use of masculine is for the sole purpose of lightening the text and refers to both women and men. 
 Fiera Capital subscribes to the principle of employment equity. Our staff is our most valuable asset and our goal is to create an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone can reach their true potential. 
 Fiera Capital will not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment. All staffing decisions, including hiring and promotion decisions, will be based on merit, skills, performance and business needs. We are pleased to receive nominations from qualified individuals from a variety of backgrounds. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in a career with Fiera Capital. We will only communicate with those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
