Skip to content 
  Timeless Journey® Bushcraft and Survival Adventures Ltd.  
 [   Timeless Journey® Bushcraft and Survival Adventures Ltd. ](https://timelessjourneybushcraft.wordpress.com/) 
 Menu  Search for: 
 
 HOME 
 GENERAL COURSES 
 
 FUNDAMENTALS of Bushcraft 
 FUNDAMENTALS of Survival 
 FUNDAMENTALS of Winter Bushcraft 
 FUNDAMENTALS of Winter Survival 
 
 
 SPECIALTY COURSES 
 
 SPECIALTY Family 
 SPECIALTY Foraging 
 SPECIALTY Women 
 SPECIALTY Navigation 
 SPECIALTY Fishing 
 SPECIALTY Watercraft 
 SPECIALTY Hunting 
 SPECIALTY Butchering 
 
 
 ADVENTURES 
 
 Day Camp ADVENTURES 
 ADVENTURE Bushcraft 
 Survival ADVENTURES 
 
 
 EVENTS 
 CONTACT US 
 
 Job Opportunities 
 At  Timeless Journey® Bushcraft and Survival Adventures Ltd.  , we love to meet kindred spirits, like-minded individuals who share our love for adventure and the outdoors. If you are interested in working for our company, please submit the following required documents to the  Head Office  in Winlaw, BC: 
 
 a completed  Timeless Journey® Job Application Form 
 a scan or image of any qualifications required or recommended in the job description (you will be required to show originals later) 
 a recent copy of your resumé or portfolio 
 a short cover letter (addressed to Director,  Carmen Lazzarotto  ) clearly explaining:
 
 how this job is an opportunity for you 
 how you see your contribution to Timeless Journey® 
 
 
 
 We actively recruit on an ongoing basis. The recruitment process begins when you successfully complete and submit all the components of your application. We will review your file when we are looking to recruit. If you are short-listed as a potential candidate, you will be invited to join us for a  Group Selection Interview . 
 At the  Group Selection Interview  , you will be asked to demonstrate your skills, solve problems individually and as a group and meet some of our existing team members. There may be several candidates interviewed at the same time. 
 Once we have had a chance to meet you and spend time with you during our rigorous  Group Selection Interview  , we will make a decision about who we would like to invite to join our team. You can expect to be notified within 14 days whether you are successful or not. 
 We are looking for people who are passionately interested and curious about the natural environment. We want our staff to have a good sense of humour, be trustworthy, courageous, fit, helpful, loyal to the company and its values, committed, of good integrity, polite and have both the ability to use their own initiative as well as work well as part of a team. 
 Military Commitment: 
 We are proud to provide career opportunities for current and former members of the Military and their spouses. Timeless Journey® recognizes that service people are highly skilled, motivated and hardworking.  We will provide opportunities for our employees to fulfill their training and commitment to the Reserve Forces. 
 We are currently recruiting new employees for the following positions: 
 
 Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Director - Positions Available: 1 
 Full-Time Day Camp Adventures Bushcraft/Survival Instructor - Positions Available: 2 
 Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Counselor - Positions Available: 2 
 Part-Time Office Administration Assistant - Positions Available: 1 
 
 
 Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Director - Positions Available: 1 
 Do you have experience running a summer camp or outdoor education program? Do you like the challenge of managing a team, intergenerational learning and working to provide excellent customer service? Would you enjoy developing and implementing an innovative curriculum of outdoor, nature-based education and experiential learning entertaining? We would like to find someone exciting to help shape the future of our Day Camp Adventures program. 
 Interested? Check out the detailed description of the  Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Director  position. 
 
 Full-Time Day Camp Adventures Bushcraft/Survival Instructor - Positions Available: 2 
 Do you have a passion for bushcraft and outdoor recreation? Would you like to spend your summer teaching and demonstrating wilderness living and survival skills to children, youth and adults? We are looking to hire a Summer COOP student with a solid theoretical knowledge of forestry, wildlife conservation, resource management and outdoor recreation. We value practical life experience, confidence in interpreting the natural environment, practical hands-on field skills and exemplary written/oral communication. 
 Highly motivated? Check out the detailed description of the  Full-Time Day Camp Adventures Bushcraft/Survival Instructor  position. 
 
 Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Counselor - Positions Available: 2 
 Love working with people? Want to make a difference about how they see and experience nature? Have loads of energy, patience and stamina for a summer of fun? Interested in making outdoor, nature-based education and experiential learning entertaining. 
 We value having creative, curious team members with building and crafting skills. You will need a sense of humour and a strong background in natural and physical sciences. We would like to work with people who care for the environment, love wildlife and are sensitive to issues of injustice in the world. 
 Could this be you? Check out the detailed description of the  Part-Time Day Camp Adventures Counselor  position. 
 
 Part-Time Office Administration Assistant - Positions Available: 1 
 We would like to recruit a team member who could help us with office administration one day per week in the summer. Do you like creating order out of chaos? Getting back to clients in a timely manner, excellent phone demeanor, record-keeping, website maintenance and publishing on social media platforms, your thing? We would like to find someone with a broad variety of administrational skills who could grow with our business needs and make proactive suggestions about how we can improve the efficiency of our operations. For the right person, there might be opportunities for a unique work-life balance or outdoor experiences with the company. 
 Sound like a good fit? Check out the detailed description of the [Part-Time Office Administration Assistant](http://Part-Time Office Administration Assistant) position. 
 +1 (780) 935-9358 
 
 Timeless Calendar 
 Contact Us 
 Timeless Journey Head Office 
 4363 Slocan River Road Winlaw BC V0G 2J0 
 info@timelessjourney.ca 
 1-833-505-5095 
 Mo-Sa 9am-5pm 
 
 N49°34'09.3″ W117°38'54.7″ 
 About Timeless Journey® 
 Timeless Journey Bushcraft and Survival Adventures Ltd. is owned and operated by Leo Stephens and Carmen Lazzarotto. Our mission is to help people reconnect with the natural world, forging healthy relationships based on respect, understanding, compassion for life and the environment. 
 Connect With Us On Social Media 
 
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  YouTube  
   
  Instagram  
 
 Secondary Menu 
 
 © 2018 Timeless Journey Bushcraft and Survival Adventures Ltd. All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Help 
 
