
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Correlia Biosystems (W18) 
 Next-gen blood testing to provide 1000x more data to pharma companies 
 Senior Scientist Assay Development, Biochemistry, Immunoassays 
 
 Location 
 Berkeley, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Correlia Biosystems 
 Correlia Biosystems is a Y Combinator backed life science startup based in Berkeley, CA. We are developing a next generation proteomics platform to transform laborious and time-consuming immunoassays. Using lab-on-a-chip technology, we are creating the new standard for fast, automated, and multiplexed assays that put more critical data in the hands of researchers in basic science, pharma, diagnostics, and beyond. 
 About the role 
 Correlia Biosystems is a Y Combinator backed life science startup based in Berkeley, CA. We are developing a next generation proteomics platform to transform laborious and time-consuming immunoassays. Using lab-on-a-chip technology, we are creating the new standard for fast, automated, and multiplexed assays that put more critical data in the hands of researchers in basic science, pharma, diagnostics, and beyond. 
 We are growing quickly and looking for exceptional new scientists to contribute to the assay development team. The Senior Assay Development Scientist will play an integral role in co-leading immunoassay development efforts and contributing to technical innovation. Successful candidates must have demonstrated experience in leading immunoassay development and optimization (or other bioanalytical assays) for research and/or clinical applications. Candidates will receive detailed training to gain hands-on experience with Correlia’s exciting next gen proteomic technology and will have a chance to contribute significantly towards commercializing our first product for launch in 2021. This position is available immediately, with future opportunities for advancement. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Assay Development Expertise: Provide leadership in designing and optimizing custom immunoassay protocols to improve assay performance and expand Correlia’s test menus. 
 Protein Biochemistry Expertise: Identify problems, troubleshoot, provide resources and guide Correlia’s team through everyday challenges in protein biochemistry. 
 Align commercial and R&D efforts by helping the team validate and scale-up commercial grade immunoassays and kits 
 Lead R&D efforts over increasing sensitivity, shelf life and other new application areas. 
 Train and advise team members, interact with customers, review data, write/edit reports. 
 Help establish and maintain quality control measures for R&D and manufacturing, 
 
 Required: 
 
 MS degree or higher (PhD preferred) in life science related fields (biology, biochemistry, bioengineering, chemical engineering, chemistry or other relevant degrees). 
 Experience in assay development at a commercial setting (minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred) 
 Solid understanding and knowledge of immunoassays and bioassays 
 Hands-on experience designing, running, optimizing ELISAs and similar biochemistry lab protocols 
 Experience in optimizing and improving the sensitivity of commercial immunoassays 
 Expertise in protein chemistry, buffers, detergents and conjugation chemistries. 
 Experience in sourcing immunoassay reagents (proteins, buffers etc.) 
 Experience with project management, maintaining timelines, and supervising/training junior team members 
 Proven problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities 
 Experience with BSL2 lab setting and working with clinical samples 
 Excellent communication, collaboration, and documentation skills 
 Excellent organizational skills 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 GLP, GMP environment experience preferred 
 Experience with building and managing teams 
 Experience in developing immunoassays beyond microplate formats. 
 Experience with protein conjugation and labeling chemistry and protocols (biotin, fluorophore, etc.) 
 Fluorescence microscopy and data analysis 
 Experience with electrophoresis chemistry 
 Access to a network of reagent providers (know-how, experience, and relationships). 
 
 Correlia Biosystems, Inc. is a dynamic startup company, and potential applicants should have the ability and desire to work in a fast-paced environment. We have a positive, open, and supportive work environment where we value and create opportunities for personal and professional growth of our team members. We always encourage self-initiative, exploration, and innovation, which are a strong part of our company culture and integral to our company success. 
 Salary to be determined based on experience and education. Interested candidates may send CVs and cover letters to  [email protected] . Please include “Sen-Sci-Your Name” in the subject line of the email. 
 More info over Correlia Biosystems 
 
 www.correliabio.com 
 Correlia Biosystems is a Y-Combinator company (Winter 2018 batch) 
 Correlia’s platform is serving five of the world’s top 10 pharma companies (and counting!) 
 Correlia Biosystems (Berkeley, CA, USA) was named this year’s 2020 SLAS Ignite Award winner from among the 16 companies participating in Innovation AveNEW,  https://slas.org/media/news-center/2020-news-releases/slas-life-science-and-technology-awards-announced/ 
 
 Technology 
 We use microfluidics based enabling technology in combination with robotics and software to help life science scientist move faster with their research and development efforts in pharma and academia. Our first product miniaturizes ELISAs which is a test for proteins and antibodies. Correlia’s platform increases the efficiency of tests that are widely used in drug development, vaccine development and diagnostics. The current pandemic highlights the importance of these types of more efficient tests to not only diagnose faster, but also to develop preventive measures like vaccines and therapeutics in a timely fashion. 
 Other jobs at Correlia Biosystems 
 Senior Mechatronics Engineer  
 fulltime 
 Berkeley, CA 
 Engineering Manager 
 3+ years 
 Mechatronics Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Berkeley, CA 
 Robotics 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Senior Scientist Assay Development, Biochemistry, Immunoassays 
 fulltime 
 Berkeley, CA 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
