Paul F Davis - Weblog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Worldwide Motivational Speaker for Breakthrough and Empowerment 
 
   
 Category Archives: jobs 4 kids 
 September 2, 2009 * 2:32 pm 
 Great Paying Jobs for Women - Classy Women who Communicate Well Wanted 
 Calling women of all ages, from all countries, nationalities and backgrounds possessing class, elegance, social grace, who communicate & write well and have a captivating presence. 
 A lovely blend of inward and outward beauty; intelligence and the power of presence is required. 
 Earn big money working only an hour a week! 
 Worldwide speaker and life-changing author Paul F. Davis is opening a rare global opportunity enabling you to work from wherever you live (and potentially travel the world). 
 Earn big money working an hour a week promoting (however you prefer, see below) Paul for speaking engagements in your city & country: 
 
 face to face 
 in writing via email 
 over the phone 
 word of mouth 
 etc. 
 
 Compensation package is 20% commission of Paul's speaking fee - meaning if your recommendation gets Paul a speaking opportunity paying $5,000 you get $1,000. 
 Ideal professionals and people of influence to approach and cultivate for Paul to be invited to speak: 
 
 government officials & civil servants 
 CEOs of corporations & companies 
 local & national meeting & event planners 
 college & university student activities coordinators, deans, student advisors and presidents 
 college fraternity & sorority directors 
 school principals 
 directors of associations, organizations and groups of all kinds 
 pastors, priests, rabbis, imams, monastery leaders 
 leaders of women's groups 
 directors of hospitals & nonprofit organizations 
 
 Another option is to contact / create a social network (face to face and/or online) to build interest in a topic Paul has written about or speaks on… then when you have 100 people wanting to hear Paul speak, arrange for each to pay $50 (or more) to attend a day long seminar with Paul. Upon completion of the seminar - you walk away with 20% which is $1,000 (or more). 
 Paul is also considering a bonus cruise as a thank you gift to the highest performer at the end of the first 6 months of work. 
 Another avenue for future promotions (long-term, once Paul has established a legally recognized nonprofit organization in your country) is to help Paul raise funds to go to third-world, war-torn nations to empower women & children. 
 Paul's bio is below to familiarize yourself with him. 
 Paul F. Davis is a worldwide speaker who has touched over 55 countries & 6 continents, building bridges cross-culturally by disarming and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 18 life-changing books. Paul’s incredible depth and personal stories from around the world, entertain and inspire audiences causing them to laugh, love, live and learn. 
 Paul has spoken for Celebrity Cruises and has appeared on numerous international broadcasts from Investors Business Daily, Oprah & Friends to Fox News to talk about success, leadership, relational intricacies, conflict resolution, life balance, and living your dreams. By reason of his global travels, Paul is a highly sought after diversity and multicultural awareness speaker. 
 Playboy Radio Afternoon Advice host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an awesome relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9-11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations, while empowering people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
info@PaulFDavis.com 
 Sincere thanks for your time and consideration of this promotion. 
 Don't wait for my permission to begin. If you want to work, go for it and when the speaking engagements come in because of your referrals, you will be the first to get paid when I receive my check. Consider this a contract - signed, sealed and delivered! 
 Now let's begin together to do well doing good! 
 info@PaulFDavis.com 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  classy woman ,  classy women jobs ,  great job for kids ,  great job for teenagers ,  great jobs for kids ,  great jobs for teenagers ,  great pay ,  great pay for women ,  job prospects ,  job questions ,  job search ,  jobs ,  jobs 4 kids ,  jobs 4 teenagers ,  jobs for classy women ,  jobs for college graduates ,  jobs for kids ,  jobs for teenagers ,  jobs for women ,  jobs for women communicators ,  jobs for women promoters ,  jobs for women speakers ,  jobs for women writers ,  women promoters ,  women want to talk ,  women who can communicate ,  women who can speak ,  women who can write ,  women with communication skills 
 Tagged as  great paying jobs for women 
 September 1, 2009 * 4:07 am 
 Jobs for Kids & Teenagers: Kids & Teenagers Earning More Money Than Mom & Dad 
 Hi Moms and Dads, 
 Looking for a good, solid job for your kids. 
 Consider what I told a 16 year old Australian teenager who wanted to work with me when she realized for every speaking engagement I get because of her referral she'd make 20% (like a speakers bureau charges) for promoting me. What that amounts to monetarily for a $5,000 speaking engagement is $1,000 in a teenagers pocket! 
 Far better than slaving away flipping burgers or taking pizza orders, or doing hard labor for a month. My Australian friend was stoked to learn she could work an hour a week emailing schools and people of influence about me or just talk to some people face to face over the phone and make more than her parents who work 40+ hours a week. 
 I said to her: 
 You're smart! 
 Most people (LOL) prefer to work hard ….as that's all they know, but the few who work smart have more time to have fun and play. 
 I prefer to work smarter and enjoy my life while everybody else is slaving away at their 9-5 job. I think you're a lot like me and can agree you'd prefer the easier route, which actually is far more rewarding both financially and by reason of the influence you can have upon peoples lives. 
 So to cut to the chase…everywhere and anywhere you can say, "Hey, I know this really cool guy from America! He's a motivational speaker empowering people to live their dreams. He comes to schools, colleges, universities, churches, companies, businesses, organizations, wherever! Let's invite him to speak to us!" 
 If they say "Yes!" and I come. Whatever I get paid, you get 20%. So if you have a fun personality and have the gift of gab, or can send out an email to people of influence, decision makers in schools, colleges, principals, school district superintendents, etc. you could be my partner in crime (well not crime - LOL - but doing well doing good). 
 Some foolish and misinformed people don't think schools have money. Oh yeah, every homeowner in your city pays property taxes - the bulk of that money goes to schools. Principals have a certain allotment of funding every year (discretionary funding) in which they can choose to bring in inspirational, motivational speakers to enrich the lives of their students. 
 As for colleges, look closely at your tuition fees (within which you will see an itemized break down of fees - one of which is the "student activities fee") ….the fee is usually between $20 to $100 and multiply that by tens-of-thousands of students and colleges and universities have a lot (a very lot) of money to bring in speakers, comedians and entertainers. Of course we want them to bring me in so let's stick to motivational speaking with funny & heartfelt stories to inspire you! 
 So if they ask you, "How much does he charge?" Just say, "I don't know but he's a phenomenal speaker and awesome." Why not contact him directly at info@PaulFDavis.com I'm sure you can work out all the details with him. 
 Take them to my website and watch the videos of my speaking to kids, youth & colleges: 
 http://paulfdavis.com/speaker-for-kids 
 I've got nearly 400 videos on YouTube so depending on the age group, just let me know and I will give you all the ammunition you need to represent me! 
 Some internet savvy kids are even quickly compiling all of the principals contact info via google, facebook, linked in and other websites and than mass emailing them a personal letter with a testimonial about how awesome my messages are ….sending them the link (with YouTube videos)  http://paulfdavis.com/speaker-for-kids  and telling the Principals and College Presidents & Deans, "When you invite Paul to speak, make sure you tell them Sarah told you about him!" 
 I look forward to working with you and watching you make a lot of money working an hour a day (and making all your friends who have jobs jealous). 
 Celebrating your success! 
 Your friend for global change. 
 Be different and make a difference! 
 Paul 
info@PaulFDavis.com 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  24699479 ,  great job for kids ,  great job for teenagers ,  great jobs for kids ,  great jobs for teenagers ,  jobs ,  jobs 4 kids ,  jobs 4 teenagers ,  jobs for kids ,  jobs for teenagers ,  kids ,  kids earning big bucks ,  kids earning more than parents ,  kids making big money working little ,  teenagers ,  teenagers earning big bucks ,  teenagers earning more than parents 
 Tagged as  jobs ,  kids ,  teenagers 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Business Letter Writer for Excellence and Success 
 College Counselor, Career Counselor and International Educator Empowering Global Scholars 
 Call Center Manager and Call Center Trainer for Global Call Centers 
 Youngevity Buyer Beware: Youngevity Mighty 90 - Vitamins, Multivitamins and Health Products 
 Chipotle Mexican Food, Chipotle Corporate Social Responsibility Failures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   awesome   believe   breakout   breakthrough   college   communications   cruise   demons   diversity   divine   dollar   dream   empowering   evangelism   evangelist   family   fun   globe   happiness   happy   heart   international   kids   knowledge   ladies   lake   liberation   life   living   love   men   miracles   money   motivational   mpi   obama   oprah   pain   passion   peace   people   politics   power   prevention   publisher   purpose   revelation   rich   salvation   secrets   seminar   sex   souls   speaker   spirit   spiritual   spirituality   student   students   success   supernatural   teach   the secret   transformation   truth   united   uplift   usa   value   war   wealth   wisdom   women   world 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carter on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joe on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 andrei  on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 P on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 Jong on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 61,927 hits 
 
 
 
 Paul F Davis - Weblog  * Transformation & Living Your Dreams! 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
