Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Confidential Administrative Assistant, Broadmead Care 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Please DO NOT apply for this position by submitting your profile on this BC Government Hiring Centre website. Applications must be made via the directions below. 
 Confidential Administrative Assistant 
 Hourly Wage:  $23.31-$26.37 
 Location:  Beckley Farm Lodge 
 Position # / Schedule:  108305 – Mon-Fri; 9:00-5:00pm; 37.50 hrs per week; 1.00 FTE 
 Status:  Regular Full-Time **position excluded from union membership 
 Competition #:  2020-156 
 Do you want to be part of an amazing team? We hire fantastic people, and we are looking for more caring individuals like you to make every moment matter for our residents and clients. Take that passion for what you do every day and provide a difference that helps people enjoy life to the fullest. 
 SUMMARY 
 The Confidential Administrative Assistant is accountable for administrative and confidential duties. The incumbent functions with limited supervision from the Site Manager and acts according to the expectations, duties and demands of the position as defined by the Site Manager. The incumbent requires considerable judgement and discretion given the highly sensitive and confidential documents and information related to organization; policy; finance; labour relations and other issues. The position must establish and maintain positive relationships with a variety of internal and external stakeholders. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Education/Experience: 
2 years post-secondary education with experience at progressively more responsible levels of accountability. 
Experience and/or training in word processing, spreadsheet and other standard computer applications including MS Word, Excel and Outlook; 
Experience in long term care environment as asset. Experience in dealing with union and collective agreements an asset. 
Demonstrated ability to work with internal and external contacts in a professional manner with tact, courtesy and diplomacy. 
Knowledge of records management systems; 
Knowledge of recognized standards of business English including grammar, spelling and syntax; 
Knowledge of office administration procedures and protocols. 
Knowledge of industry and formatting and procedure regarding documentation requirements required by legislation 
Knowledge of union contracts and provincial regulations an asset. 
 Skills/Abilities: 
Ability to communicate, both orally and in writing, by providing and obtaining information of a complex or sensitive nature, effectively, clearly, correctly, concisely, completely, logically, in a timely manner, and at an appropriate level and format, while maintaining confidentiality; 
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with a variety of individuals and groups, at all levels of the organization (including executive leadership and site leadership) to complete assignments and provide or obtain information; 
Ability to coordinate, organize and manage one’s own workload effectively, efficiently and independently, achieving results within acceptable timeframes and taking into consideration changing priorities, deadlines, while sharing significant issues with supervisor; 
Ability to plan, schedule and coordinate calendars, meetings and travel arrangements, involving a diverse range of participants, jurisdictions and geographic locations effectively and efficiently; 
Ability to use computer applications to enter and retrieve data or information, generate, access and disseminate information, and produce and edit a variety of effective correspondence, spreadsheets, presentations and reports. 
Ability to maintain professionalism as workloads peak, priorities shift and deadlines approach. 
 Please DO NOT apply for this position by submitting your profile on this BC Government Hiring Centre website. Applications must be made via the directions below. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
