Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Considering a Career Change? Avoid These 7 Mistakes 
 Ashley Sanford    29th April    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Considering%20a%20Career%20Change%3F%20Avoid%20These%207%20Mistakes%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fswitching-careers%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 They say the grass is not always greener on the other side, and in many cases, this may be true. 
 Similarly, we may think our current career as a bunch of baloney and another career (which we have long been  daydreaming  about) as something that is just what we need. 
 Let’s go back to the  grass is greener  phrase and look at some other meanings that people have attached to it: 
 If the grass is greener on the other side, would the other side think your grass is greener than their side? 
 The grass may be greener on the other side, but maybe yours will be greener if you water it . 
 If the grass is greener on the other side, there’s probably more manure there. 
 Gained a new perspective? Exactly! 
 There are definitely big  mistakes  one can make. Making these when choosing to jump over to the other side will have you realizing you’ve made a major misstep 
 1. Not Having a Solid Plan 
 If you really are considering making the switch, you can’t just rely on a  leap  of faith. Sorry, sir, but you’ve got to do more planning than that! 
 A successful career change can take months to achieve. Without a plan, you’ll end up confused and feeling like you are stuck in the middle of nowhere for a longer period. 
 You will have to consider many aspects of the new career. How is the  salary ? Will it be enough to pay your bills? 
 Will you need more education and training? Where will you be able to get it? How long will it take? Do you already know someone who can be a great guide and put you in the right place? 
 Without these questions and  answers , you might end up opting for the first opportunity you get, even if isn’t the best one for you. 
 2. You Hate Your Job 
 You may hate your job, but that doesn’t necessarily mean you have to make a career change. You might  hate your boss , the corporate culture or the tasks you do. 
 However, you should be able to discern the difference between making a job change and a career change. A job change might be the answer to all of your problems even if it is within the same career/industry. 
 3. Chasing the Greenbacks 
 The money may seem more attractive, but such an allure can also be deceiving. Chasing money just for the sake of chasing money is almost always a  bad idea . 
 In this situation, we can ponder one of the statements above:  The grass may be greener on the other side, but maybe yours will be greener if you water it. 
 In terms of career, this can translate to: The other career may earn you more money, but maybe your current career would too if you invest more time/effort/dedication in it. 
 Or,  If the grass is greener on the other side, there’s probably more manure there . It is likely you will also hate the new job that earns you more benefits and money because of health,  stress  and other factors involved in the job that you didn’t consider. 
 4. Someone Else Wants You To 
 If your mother, father or significant other is telling you to  change your career  because of a reason that doesn’t benefit you, you might want to reconsider. 
 At times, even loved ones ask us to do something that solely benefits them, and a career change is definitely not something you’d want to base solely on their wishes (and not your own). 
 Don’t let anyone influence your career choice, because this is something you’ve gotta do all the time and all your life. Not them! 
 If the new gig is something you don’t love more than your previous job, you’ll end up resenting your  new career  as well as the person who advised you to go for it. 
 5. Not Doing Thorough Research 
 By research, I don’t mean a research of your own intentions. I mean time invested in  researching  your prospective new career as well as others. 
 Maybe you have another career waiting for you that you haven’t thought of. Talk to people in your  network , talk to a career counselor or other professionals who are willing to help you in your endeavors. 
 You may find that you weren’t looking into other career options that would help you make better choices. With more information you will be able to gain a wider perspective of potential jobs. This way you can ensure that your career change is well thought-out and eventually successful. 
 6. You're Bored 
 If you looking for a change just because you are  bored , you might face the same problem in the next career and then the next and so on. This problem can happen to anyone at any point, but it doesn’t mean you ditch your current career. 
 Maybe a better solution to this problem would be to ask your boss to make your work more challenging. Maybe you simply require a challenge. 
 Or you could invest more time and effort into your company by engaging in more  challenging projects . Get involved, befriend your coworker or switch to another department that will let you do the kind of work you’re interested in. The boredom will go away on its on. 
 7. Not Having the Right Qualifications 
 Merely making the decision to change is not good enough. There may be a gap that needs to be bridged before you can successfully walk over to the other side. 
 Skills , qualifications, additional training and experience are often required before you can obtain a full-time job at an upper level in the hierarchy. 
 If an entry-level job is not what you are looking for, you might need to work as a temp,  volunteer , or intern to gain some experience. This will also enable you to test the waters before you actually decide to pursue a career in the field. 
 -- 
 Make sure you answer every question from every angle before you decide to move to another green pasture. Many people come to a point in life when they seriously consider a  career change . 
 Many of them successfully change to a new role they love. If you avoid mistakes like those listed above, then your career change is good to go! 
 (   Photo   by Ulisse Albiati /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 career change (3) 
 
 
 Job Search (25) 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 switching careers (2) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Ashley Sanford  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Ashley Sanford works at  Peak Dissertation  supervising a panel of academic writers. She’s also a passionate blogger with a core interest in career programs and consultation. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     4 Ways to Write Your Resume Like a Pro  
  _ _     Where to Research for Your Salary Negotiation  
  _ _     Career Change: Are You Too Scared to Take That Leap?  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
