Law Office of Howard J. Stevens, APC 
 Certified Specialist in Workers' Compensation 
We Know Where The Benefits Are Buried 
 Search for: 
 Search for: 
 __ 
 __ 
 Call Today For A Free Consultation 
 Se habla Español 
 619-880-4501 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Articles 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Articles 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 X Close 
 
 
 Fighting To Prove Harm Due To Job Stress 
 California allows a claim for psychiatric disability arising out of the nature of your employment or from harassment or abuse from supervisors. In such cases, temporary disability payments, medical and psychological treatment, and permanent disability money may be available to you. 
 You may also file a claim for emotional problems resulting from physical injuries. In this case, you may be able to get necessary medical treatment and counseling. However, permanent disability payments may not be available as an add-on to a physical injury unless the physical injury is extremely serious (such as an amputation, for example). 
 Diagnosing Stress-Related Illnesses Can Be Challenging 
 A doctor must be able to provide a diagnosis for you that falls within the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual or Mental Disorders. This treatise sets forth criteria for making a particular diagnosis. 
 For example, at one time it was very popular for psychiatrists to make a diagnosis of "post-traumatic stress disorder" for emotional reactions to physical injury and pain. However, for this diagnosis, DSM 4 requires (paraphrasing here) the person be exposed to a traumatic event in which the person experienced or witnessed events involving serious injury or death and that the person's response involved intense fear, helplessness or horror. Happily, most of us will never have a qualifying experience and therefore will not qualify for that particular diagnosis. 
 Major depressive episodes and major depressive disorders also have specific diagnostic criteria, and these are more common in pure psychiatric workers' compensation claims that arise from highly stressful work conditions. In these cases it is very important that your attorney be provided access to facts and evidence to support the claim, for cases such as these are always denied by the workers' compensation insurance company. 
 We Will Confront The Obstacles In Your Way 
 The presentation of a case for emotional impairment requires your attorney to navigate a minefield of technical defenses available to your employer or its insurance carrier. For example, it must be demonstrated that the work events complained of were real and not simply imagined. That may require presentation of supporting witnesses. 
 There is a requirement that, for most cases, you must have been employed by the defendant employer for at least six months, although the employment need not have been continuous. In addition, if the emotional problem stems from some negative action the employer has taken against you (such as termination), the employer is allowed to attempt to establish that the action was both lawful and undertaken in good faith as a complete defense to the claim. 
 You can see from the above that assistance from an attorney with experience in the ins and outs of such claims will be very important to your success in  obtaining medical care and indemnity payments . 
 We Will Advocate For Your Well-Being And Recovery 
 Many jobs involve a high level of stress or exposure to traumatic situations. We believe that what our clients are experiencing is valid and worthy of treatment. To help you recover from a condition due to job stress, our skilled lawyer will manage the hassle and complications of your case. We will work to minimize your stress as you focus on your mental and emotional needs. 
 Law Office of Howard J. Stevens, APC, offers free consultations so that you know your chances of winning compensation before you file your claim. Call our San Diego office at  619-880-4501  or  send us a summary of your case  online. With our extensive workers' compensation experience, we aim to alleviate your stress every step of the way. 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Benefits You May Be Entitled To 
 
 Disability Payments 
 Medical Treatment 
 The Treatment Mess 
 
 
 Should I Pursue Workers' Compensation Benefits? 
 
 Your Medical Information And Records 
 What Is My Case Worth? 
 What Is Workers' Compensation? 
 Workers' Compensation Speak 
 When They Want Your Deposition 
 The Workers' Compensation Appeals Process 
 
 
 Types Of Workplace Accident Injuries 
 
 Heart Problems 
 You Don't Need An Accident 
 Job Stress 
 
 
 What Our Clients Say About Us 
 What To Expect From Us 
 
 Contact 
 Contact 
 Law Office of Howard J. Stevens, APC 
 1455 Frazee Road 
Suite 500-547 
San Diego, CA 92108 
Phone:  619-841-7990 
Fax: 619-684-1895 
 Map & Directions 
 Review Us 
 
 Connect with us 
 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 
 (C) 2021  Law Office of Howard J. Stevens, APC . All Rights Reserved. 
 Disclaimer  |  Site Map  |  Privacy Policy  |  Business Development Solutions  by  FindLaw , part of Thomson Reuters 
 Map data  © Mapbox © OpenStreetMap . 
