
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Work Site Radio 
 
 Home 
 Brands 
 
 DEWALT 
 Bosch 
 Sangean 
 
 
 Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 
 Reviews of the BEST Work Site Radios 
 You are here:  Home  /  Brands  / DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Jobsite Radio? 
 DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Jobsite Radio? 
 If you’ve landed on  this page , then you are probably looking for a good  jobsite radio . We will give you a review of one of the most popular models and from one of the most popular manufacturers when it comes to “   tough radios ”. 
 Today, we’re going to look at the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio . We will run through all the main features, tell you about some of the features that we believe you will need if you are  working on a jobsite  and we will also tell you what people are saying about this product, so you can get more of an informed buying decision. 
 If you are in a hurry and you just want to  check out the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio click here and head straight through to Amazon.com  where you will be able to see the product page for this radio: 
 click here to check out the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio at Amazon.com… 
 DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio Review: 
 We will first run through some of the main features that you get with this radio. 
 This radio gives you a 2-amp charger for 12 V max and 20 V max  DEWALT  battery packs, these will allow for quick battery charging of your existing battery packs so you are never without your stereo. 
 You will also have 2AC power outlets that will give you versatility, these are especially useful when using on a jobsite. You will also have a USB port which allows the device to be charged via USB if it is also plugged into a wall outlet. In terms of charging you should not have a problem charging the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio  as this gives you plenty of options. 
 You will also have a very loud stereo as it will give you a class D amplifier, sub woofers and tweeters which means you will get the full range of your music or radio stations. 
 You will also be able to connect a CD player, MP3 or even satellite receivers to this stereo using the USB ports. 
 The  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio  will also charging 90 minutes or less so all you need to do is remember to put this on charge when you get in from work and it will be already in the morning for the next day. 
 
 
 Main Reasons To Buy The DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio: 
 We thought we would pick out some of the main features above and tell you why you should  pick this radio up  if you are looking for a good jobsite radio. The first reason is that the manufacturer of this radio is  DEWALT . These are a very popular brand with DIY tools, industrial tools and of course  jobsite radios . 
 If you go to something cheaper you may get a better deal, but they may also be unreliable, so we recommend going for the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio . 
 The main feature of this radio that we like is the fact that you will be able to have quick and efficient lithium ion battery charging. This means that you will not have to wait around for long to be able to have full use of your radio and gone are the hours and hours of charging time. 
 The other thing about this  worksite radio  that you will be able to see from the pictures is that it is robust! If you are using this on a building site or  worksite  and you want to make sure that it stands up to the rigours of day-to-day work, then you will not have a problem. This is very robust, and the design will protect it from any falling debris or day-to-day use. 
 Despite having a solid construction, the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio  is also very easy to use and it gives you digital controls and advanced functions that will make this super easy. 
 The whole radio only weighs 13 pounds and it also comes back with a 90-day moneyback guarantee as well as getting a one-year free service contract. 
 Main Features: 
 As mentioned above the main features of the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger  is that it will give you a dual-purpose tool that will charge the battery packs and function as a radio simultaneously. This means that you can charge your tools while listening to the radio. 
 So, you can charge any 12V MAX or 20V Max battery packs for your tools while you are listening to the radio. 
 The radio itself will also run on the same batteries so you will never be stuck for a battery pack! 
 Sound Quality: 
 The  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger  gives you fantastic sound quality and improves upon the DCR012 which was a previous model. The new DEWALT DCR015 gives you digital tuning and an improved green backlight display so you will be able to tune easily. 
 You also get a full range of sub woofers and tweeters as well as a class D amplifier that will give you improved sound and also a longer runtime. The other big selling point of this worksite radio is that you will have weather resistant speakers. 
 Easy To Use With Improved Functionality: 
 The  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger  also gives you a charging lightbar to indicate very clearly the charging status as well as the high visibility green LCD display. The roll cage is made more robust than previous models, so you can be sure that although this is easy to pick up and carry around it will be able to take a knock or two without being damaged. Perfect for a worksite radio! 
 Customer Opinion: 
 We highly recommend picking up the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger from Amazon.com  and looking at the customer reviews most people are very happy with this product. At the time of writing you will find that this radio has an average score of 4.1 out of 5 stars. 
 One five-star review mentioned that they had researched multiple worksite radios and Bluetooth speakers and picked this one! The reason being is that this will run for a very long time off one charge, as well as the fact that if you plug in the radio it will charge while it is plugged into the wall outlet. 
 One thing that was mentioned in the reviews at Amazon.com is that the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger  does not come with the battery packs. If you’re looking to buy this radio, we highly recommend picking up a battery pack which is easily done at Amazon.com! 
 Verdict: 
 If you’re looking for a robust worksite radio that gives you all the features that you will need. 
 A radio that charges and can run for a long time off one charge. 
 A radio that is lightweight but also robust enough to be able to be used in a worksite. 
 A radio that you will be able to use the DEWALT battery packs with and charge, no problem. 
 A radio that also gives you fantastic sound! 
 We really like the  DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger  and we think you will do to - check out the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger at Amazon.com below and see the best deals as well as grabbing an extra battery pack: 
 click here to check out the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger at Amazon.com… 
 Other Choices For A Jobsite Radio: 
 If you have not found what you are looking for here - check out our  DEWALT 20V MAX/18V/12V Jobsite Radio review  for a smaller alternative. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Categories 
 
 Bosch 
 Brands 
 DEWALT 
 Sangean 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio – Best Small Worksite Radio? 
 DEWALT DWST08810 ToughSystem Music Player with Charger Review 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 *  eleven40 Pro  On  Genesis Framework  *  WordPress  *  Log in 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
