Crimepays 
 Oregon is now a barrio of Mexico & the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 <- Illegal Alien Stolen ID Ring Busted Del Monte ICE Raid Oregon 
 Maria Morales: Mexican Puta sells Fake ID to Mexicans at Hillsboro DMV -> 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Posted on  April 30, 2011  by  occupationoforegon 
 
 Illegal ALiens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Published: April 5, 2005 
 **** 
 Ji m Wilson/The New York Times 
 Packages of false papers allow illegal immigrants to get employment and pay taxes, enriching the Social Security fund for other employees. 
 STOCKTON, Calif. - Since illegally crossing the Mexican border into the United States six years ago, Ángel Martínez has done illegal work, harvesting asparagus, pruning grapevines and picking the ripe fruit. More recently, he has also washed trucks, often working as much as 70 hours a week, earning $8.50 to $12.75 an hour. 
 **Not surprisingly, Illegal Criminal Martínez, 28, has not given much thought to Social Security 's long-term financial problems. But Mr. Martínez - who comes from the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico ** 
 Last year, Mr. Martínez sent a lot of his illegal money back to Mexico. 
 He belongs to a big club of foreign nationals who steal and care nothing for the US . 
 . 
 
 It is impossible to know exactly how many illegal immigrant workers pay taxes. But according to specialists, most of them do. Since 1986, when the Immigration Reform and Control Act set penalties for employers who knowingly hire illegal aliens most such workers have bought fake ID's to get a job. 
 
 Currently available for about $150 on street corners in just about any immigrant neighborhood in California, a typical fake ID package includes a green card and a Social Security card.  It provides cover for employers, who, if asked, can plausibly assert that they believe all their workers are legal. . 
 IRCA, as the immigration act is known, did little to deter employers from hiring illegal aliens or to discourage them from working. 
 Starting in the late 1980 's, the Social Security Administration received a flood of W-2  ( why because the 1986 amnesty did not stop the invasion, so the new illegals became crooks) 
 earnings reports with incorrect - sometimes simply fictitious - Social Security numbers. It stashed them in what it calls the "earnings suspense file" in the hope that someday it would figure out whom they belonged to. 
 The file has been mushrooming ever since:  $189 billion worth of wages- job theft money sent back to mexi  co, ended up  recorded in the suspense file over the 1990 's, two and a half times the amount of the 1980's. 
 In 2002 alone, the last year with figures released by the Social Security Administration,  nine million W-2 's with incorrect Social Security numbers landed in the suspense file , accounting for $56 billion in earnings, or about 1.5 percent of total reported wages. 
 Social Security officials do not know what fraction of the suspense file corresponds to the earnings of illegal immigrants. But they suspect that the portion is significant. 
 1 | 2 | Next >> 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Illegal Alien Stolen ID Ring Busted Del Monte ICE Raid Oregon 
 Maria Morales: Mexican Puta sells Fake ID to Mexicans at Hillsboro DMV -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 map 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 
 
 moon phases 
 
 
 
 moon cycles 
 
 
 
 Stop the Invasion of the United States 
 
 
 anchor babies   anchor babies birthright citizenship   Barack the Magic Negro   blacks riot loot   crime victims of illegal aliens   everify   media cover up of the invasion of illegals   mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon   mexican crime   mexican criminals in oregon   mexican Humor   mexican rape in oregon   Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI   Mexican Rapists   Mexicans are dangerous in Oregon as drivers   mexicans are robbing in oregon instead of leaving   Mexican Scum in Oregon   mex trash files   Obama   Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals   ron wyden supports mexican criminals and has an F on immigration   Salem Oregon: Capital and Center of Mexican Crime   Sanctuary cities- crime pays for illegals in oregon   sanctuary cities promote crime by illegal aliens   sharpie eyebrows & Portland oregon hispanic female criminal   sharpie eyebrows of mexi-trash females   ugly immigrants   Uncategorized   Woodburn Oregon= Mexico   Wyden and Merkley prefer Illegal aliens 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Drunk Criminal Speeding Illega… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Hillsboro Oregon Illegal Mexic… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Luis Arcos-Cardenas Drunk Ille… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Arrested 1995 Fugitive Mexican… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Murder! Juanita Rosales-Garcia… 
 
 
 
 Phillip on  Race Wars America: Three Black… 
 
 
 
 Bill Bratton on  UPdate Head of Black Panthers… 
 
 
 
 whitefaggots on  Hate Crime Conviction against… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Janet on  Julio Cesar Marquez Dead Ancho… 
 
 
 
 
 celtcalgal  on  California . Hospitals Spend $… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 gemjunior on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 * April 2011 F 
 S 
 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 « Mar   May » 
 
 
   Unknown Feed 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Nicholas Stix 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 151,405 hits 
 
 
 
 
 
 americans second class citizens in USA 
 anchor babies 
 anchor babies and visa overstays 
 and the invasion from mexico 
 border invasion 
 border with Mexico 
 Boycott Goodwill Operation Payback 
 Breaking News 
 California Meltdown Hispanically Speaking 
 call ICE 
 censored 
 censorship 
 chain immigration 
 Community Alliance of Tenants 
 cost of illegal aliens 
 cost of illegal mexicans in oregon 
 cost of the invasion of the US 
 Crime 
 crime pays for mexicans 
 crime victims of illegal aliens 
 criminal trespass 
 deport mexicans 
 Deport Report Carlos Reynaud & Boycott Goodwill Part Two Mexican Book Mafia at Goodwill 
 Deport Ron Wyden 
 End Birthright Citizenship 
 everett goodwill outlet store 
 faced Death Threats from those who support Open borders and Anarchy: Liberals 
 Fake Social Security Numbers 
 hate crimes against whites 
 hispanic crime 
 hispanic crime surge 
 hispanic crime surge in oregon 
 Hispanic family values 
 hispanic surge in oregon 
 Illegal aliens 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Illegal Carlos and his Learn English Books For Sale 
 immigration 
 immigration costs 
 invasion of the us 
 job theft by foreign nationals 
 Majority of Americans Oppose Birthright citizenship: Birth Tourism: Anchor Babies 
 mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon 
 mexican crime in oregon 
 mexican criminal females and sharpie eyebrows 
 mexican criminals 
 Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Mexican Drug cartel takes over United states 
 mexican drug dealers in oregon 
 mexican jokes 
 Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI 
 Mexican Scum in Oregon 
 monsters 
 Ms-13 Honduran Book Mafia takes over Goodwill and Amazon.com 
 No amnesty 
 no more anchor babies stop birthright citizenship 
 Numbersusa 
 numbersusa.com and anchor babies and breeders in oregon 
 obama's pathway to citzenship and amnesty for illegal mexicans 
 obama sucks 
 open borders adovcates 
 Oregon is a sanctuary state for criminals 
 population displacement by immigrants 
 Portland Police 
 sanctuary cities 
 senator Ron Wyden loves illegal aliens and mexican criminals named lopez 
 spanish only in usa 
 Stop all immigration for ten years 
 The management of Seattle Goodwill is dishonest 
 ugly immigrants 
 ugly mexicans 
 use everify 
 Warning! Cuidado! Use this form to send Illegal mexicans Home 
 Will Brad Witt be the Traitor David Wu is on Immigration ? 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 
 
 
  Crimepays  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
