  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home  
  Blog  
  Job Search  
 Taking a Hard Look at Soft Skills 
 
 Taking a Hard Look at Soft Skills 
 
 Sari Friedman 
 May 28, 2020 
 
 When you review a  job posting  you will notice many requirements. The employer will be seeking experience with certain functions – the things they need experience with to actually do the job. This can include functions such as 'Bank Reconciliations', 'Data Entry', 'Graphic Design' and 'Project Management'. Some postings will include technical skills such as 'Excel', 'Salesforce' or 'Python'. There will also be some soft skills that are required to thrive in the role. Some common ones include 'Communication', 'Organization', 'Teamwork' and 'Detail-oriented'. As part of articulating your  career brand , you should know what your top soft skills are, and you should have concrete examples of them in action. There are three main places where you will be outlining your Soft Skills: the  resume ,  LinkedIn profile  and  interview responses . 
 Resume 
 It is best to start thinking about the top soft skills you possess which would be most compelling for the majority of roles you apply to. This isn't to say that other soft skills are not great to have, they are, but if you list too many, they become less meaningful. It's a good idea to pick your top three and to provide specific examples. So, if you say you are highly organized, you will want to have a few accomplishment statements on the resume that demonstrate that. You will likely use those three top soft skills on most versions of your resume. However, for roles you are very interested in, you will want to make sure that your soft skills are a close match for the ones they are seeking. For example, if they are looking for someone detail oriented and analytical, and you possess those skills, you will want to include those specific words. This is especially crucial for  optimizing your resume for Applicant Tracking Software  which is widely used by large and mid-sized organizations. It is critical to use the same key words to ensure that your resume will make it through the software stage. In essence, you are catering your resume to two types of readers - AI, the Applicant Tracking Software, and the human reader, the HR professional and/or hiring manager. The  Profile / Summary section  of the resume is the best place to introduce the reader to your top soft skills. You should also be supporting these with specific accomplishment statements, particularly those connected to your most recent role as they will be most relevant to the reader. 
 LinkedIn Profile 
 LinkedIn is such an important tool in conveying your Career Brand to others. They do such an amazing job of organizing your experience, education and skills in a reader friendly way. There are a few places on your  LinkedIn Profile  where you can include your soft skills, most notably the Skills section. You can populate this section with many skills, you can receive endorsements for these skills, and you can decide which 3 are your top skills by making those more visible to the reader. You should also mention your top skills in the About section, so the reader learns about them in your professional introduction. 
 Interviews 
 You have identified your top soft skills, be sure to prepare interview responses related to them so they have more meaning for the potential employer. Stating the skill on its own can be empty, but when you mention it in the context of a specific accomplishment, the interviewer will be more likely to envision how that skill can benefit their organization. 
 Take some time to curate your top skills. Make sure they are serving your career brand well by making them visible on your resume and LinkedIn profile. Have specific accomplishment statements and interview responses to bring these key soft skills to life for the potential employer. 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 How to Play Up Your Skills on Paper  
 3 Steps to Convert a Job Search to a Marketing Campaign  
 
 Menu 
 
 Job Search  
 Networking  
 Cover Letter Writing  
 Resume Writing  
 Interviewing  
 Job Offer  
 Career  
 Update  
 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
