Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Budtenders 
 The Pot Shack 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 R  ole and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Facilitate a welcoming and positive atmosphere for everyone in the store. 
 Educate customers about cannabis products, strains and consumption methods. 
 Promote our culture and brand by participating in merchandising and promotional activities. 
 Work in partnership with Management and other team members to generate sales. 
 Maintain a high level of product and service knowledge; staying up-to-date with industry legislation, trends and new products. 
 Participate in routine store maintenance and ensure cleanliness is a priority. 
 Complete customer transactions on the POS system and adhere to all Cash and Loss Prevention Procedures. 
 Comply with OH&S policies and procedures. 
 Support and promote SLGA’s social responsibility programs. 
 Complete mandatory training as outlined by the SLGA. 
 
 Experience and Qualifications 
 
 Must be 19 years of age. 
 Minimum one (1) year of experience in the customer service and/or hospitality industry. 
 High School Diploma or GED 
 Must pass a Criminal Record Check. 
 Must be Bondable 
 Working knowledge of regulations as it pertains to the selling of Cannabis in Saskatchewan. (Legislation, manuals and training provided). 
 
 Personal Characteristics and Requirements 
 
 Excellent customer service skills; you have positive attitude and are charismatic. 
 Team player who is passionate about supporting the overall success of the business. 
 Must enjoy working in a very fast passed environment. 
 Must be able to interact with people in a patient, kind, non-judgmental manner at all times. 
 Uphold ethics, confidentiality and demonstrate a high level of discretion at all times. 
 Valid driver’s license and/or reliable transportation. (Public Transit Stop nearby). 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer committed to workforce diversity. We thank all applicants for their interest in The Pot Shack; however, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Wage: Salary will be negotiated 
 Benefits:  Will be provided after trial period 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 Dental care 
 Life insurance 
 
 Please forward Resume with Cover Letter. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
