Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SESSIONAL FACULTY 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Faculty of Humanities invites applications for the following teaching position to be offered in the Winter 2021 session. 
 Date of Posting:  November 20th, 2020 
 Applications to:  Please apply through MOSAIC, for inquiries please email Antoinette Somo at humappt@mcmaster.ca with one PDF file 
 Course Name(s)/Number(s):  IBH 1AD3 –IBH in the Community 
 Term 2 (2211): 
 Terms of Appointment: 
 Course: 
IBH 1AD3 – IBH in the Community 
 Number of Sections of each Course: 
One 
 Number of Units for each Course: 
Three 
 Projected Enrolment: 
60 
 Projected Teaching Assistant Support: 
130 hours 
 Location: 
Central Campus – Virtual course offering 
 Academic Term(s): 
Term 2 – Wednesday, January 6th, 2021 to Friday, April 9th, 2021 
 Course Day(s): 
Thursdays - 12:30pm to 2:20pm 
 Course Hours: 
Thursdays 12:30 pm to 2:20 pm 
 Examination Period: 
April 13th to April 28th, 2021 
 Supervisor: 
Dr. Emad Mohammad 
 Mid-term recess 
 February 15th to February 21st 
 Wages: 
$7,555 
 Mosaic Posting ID (where applicable): 
 Wage Rate : * As per schedule “A” of the CUPE, Local 3906, Unit 2 Collective Agreement, the Sessional Faculty rate is $7,555.00 for 3 units. Applicants must include information regarding current and/or aggregate seniority as defined in Article 20. 
 Course Description/Relevant Employment Duties 
 As community engagement is a key component of the IBH program, this course will introduce students to the politics, processes and functioning of communities and provides foundational knowledge and skills for effective and principled community engagement. As an IBH student, you will be a member of many communities – your workplace, your professional group, your neighborhood, your city, your country, the world. In the future, whether as a business professional, humanist or health/social services provider, you will be called upon to participate in community activities and community change. 
 Required Qualifications 
 The successful applicant must have experience teaching similar courses at the University level and a PhD in a relevant field. Applicant must have proven skills in community engagement. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 PhD degree or near completion and experience teaching at a University level. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, those legally able to work in Canada and at McMaster University will be given priority. McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. Accordingly, the University especially encourages applications from women, members of visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, members of sexual minorities, and persons with disabilities 
 
 Supplemented Fees- 15.02(a) The employee may be eligible to receive supplemented fees in accordance with Schedule C of the Collective Agreement. The actual rate of pay when in excess of the base rate of pay is deemed to include any supplemented fees owing, to the extent of the excess amount. If the actual rate of pay is less than the sum of the base rate of pay and the supplemented fees owing, then the employee shall receive the difference. 
 
 Application Procedure 
 Please submit the following in one PDF file by DATE:  December 4th, 2020 via MOSAIC 
 A cover letter stating your intent to apply for the position (including your address, phone number, and email address) and emphasizing your experience with the material to be taught. 
A curriculum vitae listing your academic qualifications and relevant employment experience. 
Information necessary to determine your current and aggregate seniority (as defined by Article 20 of the Unit 2 Collective Agreement). Questions may be directed to CUPE 3906 (905-525-9140 Ext. 24003). 
 If you require this information in an alternate/accessible format, please contact,Employee/Labour Relations Administrator at extension 23850. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
