Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Director, Maintenance & Operations (1.0) FAC 
 Elk Island School Division 
 __Sherwood Park, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Elk Island Public Schools (EIPS) is one of the largest school divisions in Alberta, serving the education needs of approximately 17,150 students in 43 schools. Every day, the staff and students of EIPS are encouraged to pursue opportunities to grow and to discover their passions in life. We pride ourselves on providing our staff and students with the tools to achieve success by offering dynamic programming, up-to-date resources and practical professional learning opportunities. 
 Reporting to the Director of Facility Services, the Assistant Director, Maintenance and Operations is responsible for achieving the goals of the Division. The Assistant Director is responsible to ensure that the department preventative maintenance, routine maintenance, and emergency maintenance programs are effective, efficient, and timely. The Assistant Director ensures emergency service is available to EIPS outside of normal working hours, monitors the operation adequacy of all buildings, ensures safety of all buildings and manages the work of the Manager of Facility Contract Services, Foreman, HVAC Technicians (2), and Building Operators (6). The position is responsible and accountable for the Division budget, carries out the personnel function, and performs other related duties as necessary. 
 This position is open to internal and external candidates. 
 Education/Years of Experience: 
 Candidates must have either: 
A related University degree, which would be considered an asset, with a minimum experience of eight years in Building Operations and Maintenance, and a minimum of three years’ experience in a supervisory capacity; or, 
Minimum Fourth-Class Power Engineering certificate, Trades Certification or a Facility Management designation, and a minimum of ten years’ experience in a supervisory capacity; or, 
Graduation certificate from a recognized post-secondary school of technology and have, or be able to obtain, certification as a technologist in electrical or mechanical technology, and a minimum of ten years’ experience in a supervisory capacity. 
 Experience: 
Extensive experience with Building and Energy Management systems is a requirement. Equivalencies may be considered. 
 Knowledge, Skills and Attitudes: 
Well developed written and verbal skills 
Skilled in interpersonal communications, leadership, and management 
Extensive knowledge in relevant codes and regulations 
Extensive knowledge in preventative maintenance practices and procedures 
 Decision Making: 
Operational issues surfaced by direct reports 
Budget expenditures 
 Physical Demands: 
Intense concentration (visual, listening, mental) 
Some lifting, carry, climbing, standing 
 For further information, contact Calvin Wait, Director, Facility Services, by email calvin.wait@eips.ca. 
 Elk Island Public Schools appreciates and considers all applications; however, we only contact candidates who are selected for interviews. 
 If you require assistance with the application system, please call Apply to Education at 1-877-900-5627 or email info@applytoeducation.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
