  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Legal Research Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Legal Research Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/legal-research) 
 Last month 
 Research and complete working paper for an Esports Award Ceremony -... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 8 
 We need to compile a working paper on 'organizing' an Esports award ceremony. Just like other awards, The Grammys, Golden Globe Award etc, we need a complete research paper to cover these key topics; 
 
 What are the esports award ceremonies around the 'world' - List them down 
 What 'types of awards' are presented in an Esports Award - List down with Genre 
 How to 'appoint' a panel judge for an esports award 
 Qualifications to be an Esports Award 'Judge' 
 Esports award 'guideline' & 'criteria' based on every type of awards listed in item 2) - Very important! 
 The 'judging' criteria and guideline for each listed award in item 2) 
- The merits & points of each judging criteria etc 
 Judging Form - Sample of a form 
 Percentage of Panel Judges Vote Vs Public Vote - how is it done 
 Best Practices of other esports awards around the world 
 Any other topics related, that can help especially the guidelines & criteria of awarding of each genre 
 Any other key topics needed to be in this research paper 
 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Market research 
 What is the scope of the project?  : For several products across several countries 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. J. Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 4 months ago 
 Legal Advisor  enterprise client 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 1 
 We're looking for a lawyer / legal advisor to advise on legal matters. 
Requirements : 
Financial laws and developments in China. (Business expansion at China) 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  P. L. Malaysia 
 Open 
 4 months ago 
 Analytical research of class action and corporate lawsuits practices 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are gathering information for our research of class action hand corporate lawsuits. 
We need information on legislation, practice, history and major cases in USA and other countries (including links to sources). 
Our database must include descriprive statistics on cases (number of plaintiffs and defendants, settlements values and etc.) 
And industry (number of law-firms, their average revenue and etc.). 
There is a detailed description in attached PDF. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. B. United States 
 USD 250 - 500 
 5 months ago 
 Legal contracts analysis  plus client 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 4 
 We have a bunch of legal contracts to analyze. 
Interested freelancers must speak fluent french and german. 
We are waiting for your bids! 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. G. Last reply: 5 months ago  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 9 months ago 
 Costa Rica corporation legal compliance - long term service. 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Long term service -> 
 Advise a Costa Rica corporation on legal requirements for compliance with Costa Rica Law. 
 Ensure this Costa Rica corporation fulfils its legal obligations with the Costa Rica Law. 
 Guarantee that said Costa Rica corporation is legally compliant with Costa Rica's Law and Regulations. 
 Only news/advices/updates/legal-requirements are subject to this project, filling forms/paperwork is not required. 
 Once the Service is scoped, budget will be updated accordingly. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : Less than 5 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. T. Last reply: 9 months ago  Spain 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last year 
 Legal doc - acquisition agreement 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 2 
 Hello all need to make an acquisition agreement , template will be provided. Please ask further detail by email and happy to  respond 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : Less than 5 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. S. Singapore 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 years ago 
 Expert International Lawyer 
 Published: 2 years ago  Bids: 21 
 We are looking for a freelance lawyer to provide professional advice, working closely with the President of our company and being able to understand all the relevant facts and the background in which the company operates. Preferable with at least 8 years of professional experience within the IT recruitment field and with international employment knowledge. Being capable of improving currently used contracts and recognizing potential enhancements, this person needs to be able to have a fast and efficient (24 hours) response upon request. 
Fluent written English and command of legal contractual English are essential. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. Last reply: 2 years ago  Canada 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
