Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 The Penguin in the Room Blog 
 AWARD WINNING MARKETING FOR THE ARTS 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Actors 
 Freelancers 
 Creative Companies 
 Contact 
 
 Tag Archives: acting career 
 4 Events for Actors this November 
 Posted on  October 22, 2019  by   penguinintheroom 
 Reply 
 Whether you're already a master of your craft or you're still learning, events and workshops are a great way to add some new skills to your repertoire. 
 Here we've rounded up 4 events happening in November for actors: 
 Continue reading -> 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Acting Agents ,  Actors ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  acting ,  acting career ,  actor ,  actress  |   Leave a reply 
 3 YouTube Channels Every Actor Needs to Subscribe to 
 Posted on  October 31, 2018  by   penguinintheroom 
 Reply 
 YouTube is a great tool for learning new things, getting the inside scoop on your industry and finding out what's going on with your fellow actors. 
 Whether you yourself have a YouTube channel or not, you should make the most of it. So we've rounded up 3 great channels that'll get you started into your YouTube foray. 
 1. Backstage 
 Backstage has over 50k subscribers already - and it's easy to see why. With a selection of acting tips, insider info from casting directors and one-on-ones with agents, you can spend days going down this rabbit hole of information. 
 Just keep a notepad and pen at the ready to jot down any great new ideas! 
 
 2. Tips on Acting 
 Run by Amy Jo Berman, who spent 20 years as a casting director and former VP of casting at HBO, she posts videos that answer a whole bunch of questions from the wider acting community. 
 Her mission is to take the "struggling" out of "struggling actor" - if that sounds good to you, you can find her channel below! 
 
 3. Act on This - The TV Actor's Network 
 This YouTube channel is run by Ross Grant, a very enthusiastic Brit who has pulled together an online community of TV actors and populates his Vlog with a series of videos on what you need to know about the acting business and how to pay your bills using acting (and just acting!) 
 A bit of a newer blog, but with over 1k subscribers already, surely one to watch! 
 
 Happy watching! 
 
 Penguin in the Room @prartsmarketing  is a group of creatives with an arts marketing dream: penguin stepping our way into the arts industry and helping other creatives flourish! Specialising in online marketing, social media, branding, copy writing, media coaching and web design for actors, artists, casting directors, agents, production companies, theatre companies and creative individuals. 
 Contact us any time for penguin chats via email: info@penguinintheroom.com  or  Facebook.com/penguinintheroom  or waddle over to our website:  www.penguinintheroom.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Acting Agents ,  Actors ,  Casting Directors ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  acting ,  acting career ,  acting comedy ,  tips for actors ,  youtube for actors  |   Leave a reply 
 One for the actors… 
 Posted on  December 29, 2015  by   penguinintheroom 
 Reply 
 We thought this might make you laugh… 
 
photo credit:  Actor's Lab Kim Kardashian sign, sign, pizzeria, Portland, Oregon, USA  via  photopin   (license) 
 Penguin in the Room @prartsmarketing  is some penguins with an arts marketing dream: penguin stepping our way into the arts industry and helping creatives flourish! Specialising in online marketing, social media, branding, copy writing, media coaching and web design for actors, artists, casting directors, agents, production companies, theatre companies and creative individuals. 
 Contact us any time for penguin chats via email:  info@penguinintheroom.com  or  Facebook.com/penguinintheroom  or waddle over to the website:  www.penguinintheroom.com 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Actors ,  Freelancers  |  Tagged  acting ,  acting career ,  acting comedy ,  actor ,  actors ,  comedy for actors ,  funny sign ,  kim kardashian  |   Leave a reply 
 
 Follow The Penguin in the Room Blog on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow Penguin in the Room's blog and receive notifications of wondrous new posts by email. 
 Join 1,706 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Penguin in the Room Facebook Page 
 
 Penguin in the Room Facebook Page 
 
 Penguin in the Room on Twitter 
 
 🎉🎉🎉   twitter.com/BBCTheOneShow/…   11 hours ago 
 RT @ BBCTheOneShow : Coming up: 👉Comedian @ SusanCalman  tells us about her new travelogue 'Grand Day Out'🏞 👉We go bird watching with the lov…  1 day ago 
 So proud that we set  #catoftheday  up for our client @ SusanCalman  and now it's being featured on @ BBCTheOneShow  !…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 day ago 
 
 Follow @prartsmarketing 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 5 Ways to Increase Your Facebook Page Engagement 
 
   
 
 When is the Best Time to Blog? 
 
   
 
 Working in Radio? Here's Why You Need a Blogcast 
 
   
 
 Social Media for Writers 
 
   
 
 Don't Let Your Social Media Die this Christmas! 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 4 Events for Actors this November 
 How to re-motivate yourself with Freelance work 
 Get More Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Using social media to drive traffic: 3 Quick Tips 
 Write a killer blog post in just 7 steps 
 
 Categories 
 
 Acting Agents 
 Actors 
 Artists 
 Casting Directors 
 Creative Companies 
 Directors 
 Freelancers 
 Penguin chats 
 Producers 
 Production Companies 
 Radio 
 Social Media News 
 Social Media Tips 
 Theatre Companies 
 Uncategorized 
 Writers 
 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
