Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Care Partner 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of caregivers. Spark Inc is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 CARE PARTNER 
Join the fastest growing healthcare company in Canada! Spark is currently looking for individuals who are well-connected in the healthcare and social service to continue the expansion of Spark services in the Ottawa region. 
 What is a Care Partner? 
 Care Partners are the primary point of contact for clients and families receiving Spark services. They are responsible for coordinating and overseeing all aspects of client care, including facilitating communication with families and community parties, and overseeing the caregiver matching process. 
 What is expected of a Care Partner? 
 Expectations of this role include: 
Representing Spark in establishing community partnerships, build meaningful connections, and connect referral sources and potential care providers 
 Connecting with clients in a timely manner and establishing good rapport to identify specific needs and goals for care 
 Working with Spark recruitment to find the perfect match for your client 
Organizing meet and greets between clients and caregiver candidates; assisting each client in selecting the best caregiver that fulfills their needs. 
 Taking on the role of primary point of contact for client care; liaising as needed between client and caregiver; overseeing all aspects of care during their time with Spark 
Ongoing check ins with clients, caregivers, and team members 
Working closely with Spark Leadership including monthly case reviews and ongoing collaborative problem solving. 
 What are the requirements to being a Care Partner? 
This sounds awesome! So what do I need to be a Care Partner? 
 Cover letter outlining why you would be a great match for Spark. We want to know who you are! 
Working knowledge of being an Independent Contractor is an asset 
Valid CPR & First Aid Standard Level C certification 
A clear Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Check within the last 12 months 
Smartphone with a data plan 
Valid “G level driver's license with access to a reliable vehicle and a willingness to drive clients and caregivers when needed 
Experience working in a multi-disciplinary team is an asset 
Relevant College and/or University education in the Health Services or Business Management field 
 You would be the ideal candidate if you love collaborating with other healthcare professionals and team members, problem solving complex issues, and the initiative to be able to work in the community! You have experience working with a wide variety of populations, from kids with a range of diagnoses, to adults with traumatic incidents, to seniors looking for in-home care or are eager to learn and dive into different areas! You have excellent time management skills and are self-directed with an ability to make confident decisions in the moment. 
 HOURS 
Build your own schedule! 
Communication expectations are within 24 business hours to maintain connections with community partners, clients, and caregivers 
 RATE OF PAY 
Care Partners will full caseloads make up to $96,000 per year. Let's chat about how that works. 
 Why Choose Spark? At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark U, a nonprofit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering caregivers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed caregivers. As a caregiver with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
