  
 Rupert's Story Shop  
 Write Now in Ontario 
 Sidebar 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month May 2013  April 2013  January 2013  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011 
 Pages 
 
 About Us 
 Reviews 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Author news  (17) Contests  (10) Events  (18) Market news  (21) Publishing  (22) 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 51 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Rupert's Story Shop 
 
 Rupert's Story Shop Main Site 
 
 writing careers 
 It's official - news reporters are the pits 
 Standard 
 Writers who want to parlay their literary skills into a print journalism career might want to take a look at the  CareerCast “worst jobs of the year”  list before they commit to their new profession. 
 As Poynter’s Caitlin Johnson reports , “newspaper reporter” finished at the absolute bottom of a ranking of 200 jobs in the list of 2013’s worst. Working journalists have probably suspected as much for years, but now it’s out there for the rest of the world to see. 
 The profession has been officially labelled as the worst possible career choice for young job seekers. 
 There are the usual reasons for the abysmal ranking – low pay, high stress, long hours and so forth. The downsides of journalism are well documented, and were once considered part of the “glamour” of the profession. 
 But the normal newsroom despair has been amplified in recent years by the slow death of print news outlets. The industry is shrinking. And it is shedding jobs as fast as it can in a scramble to survive -- throwing reporters off the sleigh, so to speak, to keep the wolves of insolvency at bay. 
 As a result, today’s news reporter faces fewer job openings, limited prospects for advancement, higher work demands and an extraordinary level of job uncertainty as publishers sell off, downsize, outsource, close down and migrate to the Internet. 
 In other words, print journalism would be a very poor career choice for a well-educated, articulate, hard-working writer. 
 But all is not lost. Writers could try churning out books instead of labouring fruitlessly in the newsroom graveyards of broken dreams. Fiction or non-fiction seems to make no never-mind. 
 “Author” managed to crack the  CareerCast’s 200 best jobs of 2013 list , coming in at #156, just ahead of bus driver, welder, hotel manager and garbage collector. Of course, almost every other job you can think of came out ahead of anything to do with writing (auditor, financial planner, computer-related jobs, a bunch of stuff to do with health care). 
 But if you insist on trying to write for a living…. 
 
 Date  April 24, 2013 
 Tags  journalism ,  non-fiction ,  writing careers ,  writing jobs ,  young writers 
 Comments  Leave a comment 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
