Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Territory Manager - Humboldt 
 Pattison Agriculture Limited 
 __Humboldt, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Pattison Agriculture Limited, Box 2109, Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada Req #540 
Friday, August 28, 2020 
 In order to help Pattison Agriculture, fulfill its mission:  Through teamwork and innovation, we partner with our customers who help feed the world – we are looking for a Territory Manager in Humboldt. Get in the field with Pattison Agriculture! 
 As a Territory Manager, you will represent Pattison Agriculture in retail sales activity that will foster long term business relationships and loyalty of all the company’s current and potential customers. This individual will take full responsibility for sales and marketing of whole goods in the assigned trade area and conduct all business transactions on behalf of the company in a fair and honest manner. 
 This would be an ideal position for you, if you have post-secondary education in Ag Business, Marketing or related field, 3+ years of previous sales experience, the ability to read, write, and speak effectively with customers and/or other employees. Knowledge and familiarity with John Deere and competitive products is a definite asset. 
 Apply today for a full time permanent, year round Career! We have excellent benefits, in-house training & learning opportunities, competitive wages, and great people. 
 Apply early as recruitment for this position is ongoing and may be filled prior to the closing date. 
 We would like to thank all who apply, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Candidates must be legally entitled to work in Canada. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Salary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
