Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Phone Sales Agents  From Home and Office  Full Time (Etobicoke) 
 Canada Startups 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are currently seeking Phone Sales Agents to work from home and office. 
 Our company provides exceptional tools and services for entrepreneurs, to help them launch their new startup or develop their existing small business. 
 We currently have an exciting Sales Agent/Accounts Executive opportunity for a self starter with a goal oriented mindset who is ready to genuinely care for and assist their clients, all while making more money. 
 WE ARE HIRING SALES PROFESSIONALS WHO HAVE SOLD PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES ON THE PHONE FOR AT LEAST 2 YEARS. 
 If you are: 
- Self-motivated 
- Possess the ability to meet and exceed targets 
- Interested in helping people achieve their dreams and goals. 
 Then we have the career for you! 
 Job Description: 
- Speak to and advise prospective clients on their business/business idea 
- Generate sales by calling warm leads and answering inbound calls 
- Meet weekly/monthly sales targets 
- Suggest products/services based on client's needs 
 Skills and Competencies: 
- Excellent communication skills (both speaking and listening) 
- Strong sales skills 
- Ability to interact with diverse clients and assess how to best help them. 
- Demonstrate personal initiative and the ability to problem solve. 
 Knowledge and Experience: 
- Successful and stable work history 
- Basic computer skills 
- Commissioned sales experience 
- Small Business knowledge 
- Understanding of business financing 
 This position is 40 hours per week, and you will work from your own home (you will be asked to work from our Etobicoke office 4-8 days per month). You are expected to have a quiet workspace, free from distractions and noise. You will need to have access to your own computer and high speed internet. This is a freelance position; that can potentially turn into permanent work. 
 We offer an hourly base + a highly competitive commission structure. 
 Please apply by submitting your cover letter, resume and phone screen assessment for consideration. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Freelance 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 On-site parking 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Phone Sales: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
