Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Revenue Supervisor 
 Tilray 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Revenue Supervisor - Toronto, ON 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Shared Service Finance Manager, the Revenue Supervisor will be responsible for leading a team of Accounts Receivable associates. Activities include; driving results daily/monthly and quarterly for all things A/R related including but not limited to; maintaining customer accounts, preparing invoices, managing insurance billing, and reconciling AR GL account. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Responsible for monthly, weekly, and consolidated revenue reporting, on a provincial and customer basis 
Responsible for key AR and Revenue reports, including, but not limited to AR Aging, monthly sales report for royalty and brokerage commission purposes, tracking of LTO and other customer deductions 
Manage all accounts receivable GL account reconciliations, including accounts receivable, intercompany receivables, and unapplied cash. 
Review/Prepare customer invoices, post customer payments and reconcile customer accounts 
Set up and maintain all new customers accounts, including working with Sales Team on customer credit application 
Manage insurance billings and receipts 
Customer relations - dealing with inquires, collections, and issuing statements 
Work with Sales Team and Legal Team in dealing with customers with aging AR 
Work with Shared Services Finance Manager on continuous improvement initiatives, policy enhancement and SOX controls projects 
Review financial data for accuracy, correctness, and completeness 
Perform all activities under accounts receivable and special projects accounting 
Ensure that all monthly, quarterly, and annual financial accounting activities are completed in a timely and accurate manner for month end close 
Develop and maintain accounting files and records 
Keep abreast of federal, provincial, and municipal developments, laws and policies that may affect the financial operations of the organization 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or related field required 
Minimum 4 years of relevant working experience required 
Accounting Designation, or working towards an Accounting Designation, preferred 
Intermediate to Advanced Excel, along with the ability to adapt to and learn new software 
Solid understanding of accounting software (ERP systems including sub-modules preferred) 
Excellent communication skills with all levels of an organization and proven ability to write concise reports to various audiences 
Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple projects and deadlines 
Solid organizational, time management and prioritizing skills 
“Can Do” attitude with respect for others 
Proven ability to work as a member of a multidisciplinary team with demonstrated interpersonal skills that promote mutually beneficial, respectful and professional relationships 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). The Company does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of the Company, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
