
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Interview and assessment - public 
 Justifying your salary and understanding your value at work 
 Making other people recognise your value is secondary only to being able to see it and believe it for yourself. 
 By thinking through your value at work - if you do it honestly and take the time to find the examples - it will give you confidence and underline just how valuable you are to any organisation. The key to keeping a job, being paid more for doing it or demanding a new position is a differentiation between you and other people, and the confidence you will do a great job, not merely a competent one. 
 When you need to know what you are worth 
 From an employer’s perspective, your work needs to add more value to the business than it costs to pay your wages or salary. In fact, once you have taken into account taxes, insurance, equipment and property, you need to be delivering value of at least twice your basic pay. 
 Some employers understand this better than others. Those who do typically invest more in effective recruitment, staff retention, training and development. 
 If you want to negotiate a pay-rise or justify a training programme – or if you are applying for a new job – you can make a tremendous impact by talking in terms of the value that the business is, or could be, gaining from your work. 
 We aren’t suggesting you become a braggart or pursue a selfish agenda. But with this information you can put your case with the most effective form of quiet confidence. It is essential that you can substantiate your claims, so keep a note of your successes and progress. 
 Working out your value at work 
 There are four key areas in which you deliver value to your employer. Look at each of these sections and work out which apply to you, your current job role and your career aspirations. Start collecting evidence and examples that will help you in your preparations, interviews and negotiations: 
 
 Part 1: Introduction 
 Part 2: Getting the fundamentals right 
 Part 3: Key behaviours of valuable employees 
 Part 4: Assessing your outputs 
 Part 5: Adding value through leadership 
 
 As ever in career planning, you need to be honest with yourself. But conversely, be aware of whether you are the kind of person who is inclined to play down their strengths and achievements and adjust accordingly. 
 Handling off-the-wall interview questions 
 As a former recruitment consultant, I engaged with numerous candidates who had been asked some crazy questions at interview: 
 “If you were an animal, what animal would you be and why?” or 
 “If you could take just one thing on to a desert island, what would it be and why?” 
 I mean, what  is  the correct answer to such questions?! The interviewer would argue that they wanted to see how well the candidates could think on their feet and that the actual answer they gave was irrelevant. One could argue (and I often did) that if the answer was irrelevant, then why bother asking the question in the first place. Yet there were – and still are – some interviewers who insist on asking such cryptic, needless questions. 
 During your interview is not the best time to pull someone up on their poor questions, so give some thought to how you might answer. My well-educated guess is that the animal question is to assess your characteristics, while the desert island question is assessing your common sense. But if the interviewers themselves sometimes struggle to know why they ask such questions, you or I have little chance of knowing. Good luck! 
 Competency based interview questions 
 Thankfully however, more and more organisations are rethinking the questions they ask candidates at interview. Often interviewers will use a structure of questioning known as competency-based interview questions. They will typically sound something like this: 
 “Tell me about a time when you demonstrated [insert competency here, e.g. teamwork, problem solving, customer service]. What did you do and what was the result?” 
 These questions allow the interviewer to assess a number of things: 
 
 What previous experience the candidate possesses in a given competency; 
 How they behaved; 
 How well they can articulate what they did and 
 Whether they achieved results through their actions. 
 
 These questions are useful, as they focus on actual examples as opposed to hypothetical situations, unlike the animal and desert island scenarios. 
 Preparing for a job interview 
 As a candidate preparing for an interview, start by considering some of the main competencies required by the role you are applying for. If you are feeling brave then ask the organisation what type of interview structure they use. If nothing else, it shows them you want to prepare well for the interview. 
 Then consider your experiences that could support your answers. The great thing about competency-based interview questions is that, regardless of your background, you can generally answer them successfully. 
 As an example, let’s imagine they are assessing ‘being target-driven’. If you are a graduate and have only limited work experience, perhaps working in a shop, you can still answer that question. I assume graduates have to achieve certain grades? Particular deadlines? Are these not targets? Of course they are. You may just need to think a little outside the box. 
 Common competencies that employers look for 
 Here are a few of the most common competencies that are assessed. Be careful not to commit these so much to memory that you give answers that sound scripted. But do give some thought to how you could answer them based on your own experiences: 
 
 Teamwork 
 Self-motivated 
 Problem solving 
 Dealing with conflict 
 Accuracy or attention to detail 
 Target driven 
 Customer service 
 
 You can take valuable lessons from considering competency-based interview structures. Fundamentally, an organisation isn’t particularly bothered about where you worked (they already know this and invited you for interview knowing this). What they want to know from you is  how  you did what you did, how you  made a difference  through the work that you did and how you could  replicate those skills  in a new role with them. 
 Final thoughts 
 Whatever animal you may be, learning to navigate the jungle is one of the most important skills for interviewing. If you do it well, you can avoid getting stranded on a desert island in the first place. And that is probably the greatest competency of all. 
 
 About the author: Jackie Handy 
 Jackie Handy is director of Runway Global. She supports individuals around the world, equipping them with the tools to accelerate their personal and professional performance. 
 More 
 A Muppets Guide to Interview Technique 
 What could some 'muppet' teach me about job interviews? 
 Good question. Quite a lot potentially. 
 Here’s how being a bit more of a 'muppet' might well help you the next time you’re at an interview: 
 Let’s consider what this might give you: 
 
 Kermit - listening and leadership 
 Miss Piggy - performance 
 Gonzo - bravery 
 Scooter - enthusiasm 
 Statler and Waldorf - self awareness 
 
 Let’s think more about each of these characters and what they can teach you potentially about how to succeed at interviews. 
 Kermit uses active listening skills and a deep empathy for his colleagues. These leadership qualities shine through as he tries to be a role model and explain his vision for how well he’d like each Muppet Show performance to go. Even if the reality is not quite what he expected - usually for reasons outside his control. 
 Miss Piggy embraces her inner-diva and knows that whatever setbacks there might be “the show must go on!”. As a star performer she knows that rehearsals and perfecting her own personal presentation is all that matters to her audience. When the lights go on and the music starts she’s ready to perform. 
 Gonzo’s the kind of guy who’s likely to say “give me the right suit and then fire me out of a cannon!” (not to be taken literally in an interview please). He’s brave and has a can-do attitude. Sometimes, even like Gonzo The Great, we need to convince ourselves we’re ready for the job and have confidence in our own ability. 
 Scooter is boundlessly enthusiastic and clearly demonstrates that he wants to help the team. It’s hard to teach someone to be keen. For this reason employers know that if you’re motivated at interview then you’re more likely to be enthusiastic as an employee. 
 Statler and Waldorf can perhaps teach us how to be our own best positive critic. Taking a few moments straight after any interview for some self reflection and constructive feedback can be invaluable. We should consider what we learnt and how to do better next time if we’re going to keep the heckling to a minimum - whether it’s real or imagined. 
 For many people interviews can feel odd and artificial. After all - how many times in our lives are we put in a room with people we probably don’t know and asked to boast about ourselves? 
 Telling our own stories and showcasing our skills to an audience is about a performance. 
 So next time you find yourself preparing for a job interview which muppet can help you most? 
 Me? I might take a bit of all of them. 
 
 About the author: Claire Jenkins 
 Claire Jenkins is a specialist in interview technique. She coaches individuals and groups to prepare for job and university interviews by helping individuals to unlock their confidence, secure an impact and then practise what they will say. 
 More 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
