Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Automotive Sales Professional 
 Midland Honda 
 __Wasaga Beach, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for someone that wants to begin a career journey with no limits on opportunity. 
 Do you want to work in an environment where you are appreciated every day? 
 Do you want to grow within this same organization for years to come? – then look no more, well done, you finally found us! 
 We are Looking for great people who want to join our family at Midland Honda, make great money and have some fun doing it. 
 At Midland Honda, even if you’ve never sold anything before, we have excellent training and can set you up easily to earn over $75,000 in your first year which is our norm. Our pay structure is very simple and the bonuses are very lucrative. 
 Our dealership is set up to train and nurture the right candidate into a professional able to have a long term Career! 
 Welcoming customers to our dealership on a daily basis 
 Ability to listen, understand and interact with customers and must importantly think like a customer so you can provide the best possible sales experience 
 Willingness to learn the Honda product and show a interest in learning all about the Honda brand and our dealership 
 Bonus structure for additional income 
 Self Starter and highly motivated in his / her career 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Disability insurance 
 Dental care 
 Life insurance 
 Company pension 
 Bonus scheme 
 Company events & social hours 
 Employee assistance programs 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $65,000.00-$75,000.00 per year 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
