   [ 
 London Tiling Company 
 Professional Tiling Services Throughout London 
 ](https://londontilingcompany.wordpress.com/) 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Our Work 
 
 Job reviews 
 Shower enclosure tiling - Fulham 
 Image  Posted on  May 6, 2014 
 
 We've started new job today - tiling a shower enclosure in Fulham, London. Nearly done now, just the little window and the grouting to go. 
 This entry was posted in  Job reviews  and tagged  tilers London ,  tiling company london . 
 Tiling in East London 
 Image  Posted on  March 1, 2014 
 
 East London tiling - above the bath. Do you like it? Tell us what you think. 
 This entry was posted in  Job reviews  and tagged  local tiling services london ,  tilers London ,  tiling company london . 
 London tillers and plasterers working together. 
 Posted on  January 20, 2014 
 Normal 
0 
 One of our regular customers Sarah called us for a tiling quotation for her bathroom in South London. Sarah wanted to re-tile bathroom walls around the bath and tile the floor of which London Tiling Company have vast experience in. She chose a white porcelain 6”x3” tiles for walls and grey ceramic 13”x13” for her floor. 
 The works included hacking off the old tiles and making good the walls. 
 When the old tiles came off we realised that the walls are in quite a bad condition and they need plastering. 
 That was when we first thought of working closer with London Plastering Company. We have previously met guys from London Plastering and seen their work but it never really occurred to us that joining our teams together could bring big saving to our customers. 
 Sarah was quite happy for us to recommend our sister company to her as we’ve previously worked on many projects for her and she trusted us, also it meant that she only had to deal with one person as our project manager dealt with both plasterers and tillers. 
 Another advantage of London Plastering Company working closely with London Tiling Company is that our customers get only the professionals in and all works are guaranteed. Our cooperation means that we work around each other and we have clear understanding of our standards and customers needs. 
 The difference between a good tiling finish and a great one often lays in wall preparation. Having a good smooth surface to lay tiles on not only means a faster tiling, but also often will improve the quality of the job. 
 After many successful jobs completed and over a year of working together we decided that our cooperation should remain permanent. 
 Our customers now benefit from our technicians being able to recommend someone that we are 100% sure of and at a cheaper price than most competitors! 
 We pride ourselves in having links to the most specialist personnel and that is what guarantees the successful completion of all our works. 
 The London Plastering Company has a dedicated team of plasterers in London, so if you’re looking for people that take pride in their work you have come to the right place. For more details on  plasterers london  please visit our website  www.londonplasteringcompany.co.uk 
 The London Plastering Company has a dedicated team of plasterers in London, so if you’re looking for people that take pride in their work you have come to the right place. For more details on  tillers london  please visit our website  www.londonplasteringcompany.co.uk 
 This entry was posted in  Job reviews  and tagged  ;local plasterter ,  emergency plastering ,  local tilers ,  plaster ,  plasterer ,  plasterers london ,  plastering company london ,  plastering services ,  tiler ,  tilers London ,  tiling company ,  tiling london ,  tiling services . 
 How to choose right tiles for your home? 
 Posted on  December 15, 2013  Updated on  December 15, 2013 
 When deciding on some new tiles for your home it's important that you do your research. 
 What you are looking for is not only to find nice looking tiles that will suit your home decoration wise but also practicality and lasting. 
 Different types of tiles are recommended for different areas in your home not only because of the shapes and coulors. One of the important aspects you need to be familiar with before choosing your tiles is PEI rating. 
 Whats PEI rating? 
 The Porcelain Enamel Institute rating, more commonly known as the PEI rating. 
 PEI rating helps you determine how much foot traffic the tiles can resist. For example if you have ceramic tiles PEI rated Class 2 - these are best for light foot traffic - slippers or soft soled shoes, best used in second level bathroom areas. 
 The PEI rating goes from Class 0 - no foot traffic to Class 5 - heavy traffic. 
 here is a short description on PEI rating and recommended uses : 
 Class 0  - no traffic - wall tiles only - not to be used on floors. 
 _ Class 1  _- very light traffic - bare feet - bathrooms, en suits 
 Class 2  - light traffic - slipper or soft sole shoes - bathrooms, bedrooms 
 Class 3  - light to moderate traffic - any residential area with exception of some kitchens or hallways if heavy foot traffic is anticipated. 
 _ Class 4  _- Moderate to heavy traffic - hallways and kitchens, balcony's, entryways where foot traffic is exceptionally heavy. 
 _ Class 5  _- high foot traffic - Any areas domestic or commercial subject to heavy traffic. 
 Most ceramic floor tiles are PEI rated between 3 and 4 and recommended for any domestic floors, porcelain tiles are PEI rated between 3-5 and are suitable for commercial uses. 
 For most of us porcelain and ceramic tiles look the same but the main difference is that porcelain tiles are more dense and less pours which makes them more hard wearing and suitable for both indoor and outdoor use. 
 Ceramic tiles are only recommended to be used on internal walls and floors. 
 If you still struggling to choose right tiles or need any advice on your tiling projects call " London Tiling Company on 0207 871 3026″ or visit  http://www.londontilingcompany.co.uk  for free quotation. 
 This entry was posted in  Job reviews . 
 Tiling in progress 
 Image  Posted on  November 29, 2013  Updated on  December 15, 2013 
 One of our regular clients, Oscar called us for a tiling quotation for his bathroom in East London. Oscar wanted the brick effect white tiles on walls above the bath. 
 Our tilers started works on the biggest wall first to establish good levels and lines. While we were tiling the walls Oscar decided to have the bathroom floor done by our company too - as we were doing such a great job! 
 Tiling the floor meant that the whole process will take a little bit longer then originally anticipated. 
 This is how we got on… 
 
 
 
 
 For all your tiling jobs in London and surrounding areas, Call London’s premier tilers “The London Tiling Company on 0207 871 3026” or visit our website at  http://www.londontilingcompany.co.uk 
 This entry was posted in  Job reviews  and tagged  tilers London . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Shower enclosure tiling - Fulham 
 Tiling in East London 
 London tillers and plasterers working together. 
 How to choose right tiles for your home? 
 Tiling in progress 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Tiling in East Londo…  on  Tiling in East London 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2014 
 March 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Job reviews 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 We teamed up with Eventbrite 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
