 
 You need to have JavaScript enabled to utilize the full functionality of this site.   Please enable JavaScript to continue. 
If you do not have JavaScript enabled, lots of stuff will not work. 
 
 
 Home 
 Help Wanted Ads 
 Work Wanted Ads 
 Reviews 
 
 MENU 
 Home Help Wanted Ads Work Wanted Ads Reviews Submit Your Ad Edit Your Ad Upload Image Recover ID/Password FAQ The RV Road Trip Website 
 WorkampingJobs.com is a participant in various affilliate programs that are designed to provide a means for sites like ours to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to products available through their websites. 
This is how we are able to offer this site for free.  Please see our  ads.txt  file for a complete list of advertisers used on our site. 
 Help Wanted Ads from Employers 
 Campgrounds and RV Parks looking for RV workers. 
 
 The 153 ads shown below were all submitted within  the last 30 days . 
The ads are sorted by the date they were submitted with the newest ads at the top. 
 Sort all ads by:  Newest FirstNewest FirstState 
Show only ads looking for:   Show All Camp Host Activities Housekeeping Maintenance Office Help Groundskeeping Pool Maintenance Manager or Assistant Gate Guard Security Retail Position General Labor Show All 
Show only ads that pay:   Show All FHU only Salary Only FHU and Salary Show All 
Show only ads for this state:   Show All AK, USAAL, USAAny, USAAR, USAAZ, USACA, USACO, USAFL, USAGA, USAID, USAIL, USAIN, USAKS, USAKY, USAMA, USAME, USAMI, USAMN, USAMO, USAMT, USANC, USANJ, USANV, USANY, USAOR, USASC, USASD, USATN, USATX, USAUT, USAVA, USAWA, USAWI, USAWV, USAWY, USA Show All 
 
 
 
 
 Saluda, NC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 13:41:43 8196 
Join Us In The Beautiful NC Mountains! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Security, Retail, General Labor, IT/Web, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
We are looking to hire part or full time couples (30-40 hours a week per individual) or full time individuals (40 hours a week) starting by March 13th which is our staff training day with a commitment through November 6th. 
 Compensation: 10 hours/week in exchange for FHU site (total per site not per individual) and hourly wage for additional hours worked. 
 We seek to match staff to projects and duties that utilize their strengths/abilities, but value willingness to apply oneself to a variety of tasks as needed. Duties may include but are not limited to the following: 
 Office 
- Answering the phone and assisting guests with reservations (CampLife Software) 
- Responding to emails 
- Checking in guests and running the store 
- Checking inventory 
- Maintaining cleanliness in the office/lodge 
- Facilitating special activities for kids and families 
 Facilities 
- Routine daily cleaning of three bathhouses and the recreation game room 
- Housekeeping duties for four rental cabins 
 Grounds & Maintenance 
- Blow off leaves and debris around facilities, cabins, pavilion, etc 
- Splitting wood with a hydraulic splitter 
- Maintaining sites 
- Site maintenance 
- Maintaining roads 
- Mowing, weed eating, spraying weed killer, repairing landscape edging, etc 
- Maintaining activities 
- Routine maintenance and repair for grounds equipment and golf carts 
- Routine maintenance repairs in cabins and facilities 
- Night time security rounds 
Contact hannah@437orchardlakecampground.com for more information and/or an application! 
 https://orchardlakecampground.com 
 HIGHLIGHT YOUR AD 
 
 La Conner, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 20:04:38 8685 
Camp Host Needed In La Conner, Wa!!! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Job summary: 
As a Camp Host, you will provide administrative support to the Membership Specialist. This role performs duties such as: camp-in's, coordination of appointments, obtaining supplies, and working on special projects. Additionally, this role answers deals with a diverse group of important external callers and visitors as well as internal contacts at all levels of the organization. 
 essential job functions: 
- Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
- Organizes and prioritizes large volumes of information, calls and arrivals 
- Drafts written responses or replies by phone or e-mail when necessary. Responds to regularly occurring requests for information 
- Answers phones and takes messages or fields/answers all routine and non-routine questions. Works in cooperation with other system development assistants to cover phones 
- Acts as a liaison with other departments. 
- Handles confidential and non-routine information and explains policies when necessary 
- Works independently and within a team on special nonrecurring and ongoing projects 
- Types and designs general correspondences, memos, charts, tables, graphs, business plans, etc. 
 skills, education and experience: 
- To perform this job successfully, you must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. 
- High school diploma; Associates degree preferred 
- One year of administrative experience 
- Technical capacity 
- Collaboration skills 
- Strong communication skills 
- Sales experience is preferred jacobi_jacobs@25equitylifestyle.com 
 https://bit.ly/32qWXrS 
 HIGHLIGHT YOUR AD 
 
 Marble, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 22:05:01 8790 
Seasonal Camp Host For Marble Colorado Campground 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Camphost needed for a small 15 spot campground in the town of Marble, Colorado. Site included with electric and water hook up (dump station available on grounds). Part-time work would include grounds maintenance and upkeep such as watering, greeting campers, maintaining reservations, small maintenance tasks, twice daily cleaning of restrooms and showers, and assuring guests abide by campground policies. 
 The campground is run by the Town of Marble and is remote with the nearest gas station, grocery store and cell phone service 45 minutes away. There is no internet service at the campground, although it is available nearby. There is a new no pet policy at the campground that will need to be enforced. Couples or single allowed. Must have your own RV or Camper. No host pets allowed due to new policy. Monthly compensation includes site and $1000.00 per month. Memorial Day through Mid-October Information can be found on the campgrounds website. To apply please send resume and letter of interest to leach@572townofmarble.com 
 http://marblecampground.com 
 
 Estes Park, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 18:37:47 8789 
Join Our Golf Course Maintenance Team! 
 Job Duties:           Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Lake Estes Golf Course is an award winning 9 hole golf course located on Lake Estes and the Big Thompson River in Estes Park CO. Experience amazing sunrises and views of Rocky Mountain National Park while maintaining fairways, tees and greens. Golf Course groundskeepers enjoy golf privileges at both Lake Estes Golf Course as well has the 18 hole Estes Park Golf Course. Trail and Facility maintenance positions are also available for our Lake Estes Trail department. Lake Estes Trail is a 3.8 mile loop, also meandering around the lake and the Big T. River. The trail is known for its views of Rocky Mountain National Park and is very popular with cyclists and hikers and fishermen. One 32' site is remaining at Mary's Lake Campground for these positions! To apply visit our website and click "job Opportunities" tab. For more info email john@87evrpd.com or call 970-586-8170 
 http://www.evrpd.com 
 
 Lees Summit, MO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 16:36:17 8788 
Longview Campground Attendant 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Department: Jackson County Parks + Rec, Missouri 
Job Title: Longview Campground Attendant 
Location: Lees Summit, MO. 
Salary: $784.00/per seven day rotation 
Job Duties: 
- Campground duties include maintaining reservations in the computer system by checking in and out campers, providing information on other recreation opportunities available in the area 
- Provides the rules and regulations and oversight related to such. 
- Attendant is responsible for cleaning shower/restroom facilities in the campground and picking up any trash not placed in a receptacle. 
- Reports maintenance and repair needs to Supervisor. 
 Qualifications: 
- Attendant should have computer skills, excellent customer service skills and a general knowledge of identifying repairs and maintenance. 
- Previous campground attendant experience is preferred. 
- Applicant must provide their own motor home, fifth wheel or travel trailer. Please upload picture of vehicle. 
- Work schedule includes 7 days on and 7 days off in that rotation. 
- Must be a team of two. One is Seasonal Employee, other is an un-paid Volunteer 
- Must submit to/pass pre-employment background check. 
Send resumes and inquires to Jennifer at: jajackson@167jacksongov.org 
 
 
 Wisconsin Dells, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 15:19:37 5748 
Spend Your Summer In The Beautiful Wisconsin Dells 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Stand Rock Campground is located in the Wisconsin Dells. We are a family oriented private RV Resort situated on120 acres surrounded by state forest. The campground consists of 160 seasonal campsites. The facilities include a heated swim pool, basketball court, volleyball court, horseshoe pit, lodge, bar and grill, camp store, laundry facility, top of the line shower facilities and several hiking trails and a five minute drive to boat launch accessing the beautiful scenic Wisconsin River. 
 The campground is seeking highly motivated workers who love people and are committed to providing a clean safe environment for all seasonal guests at the campground throughout the summer season. Work is available May 1st through September 15th. Positions include Grounds Keeper (cleaning of the restrooms, showers, lodge & laundry room), Store Clerk. FHU site & electric included. Work 15-25 hours per week at $12.00 per hour. Please send resume and photos to wvohaska@905yahoo.com - View our campground on the Web. 
 http://standrock.com 
 
 Boerne, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 12:38:43 8008 
Top Of The Hill RV Resort 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are located in the beautiful Texas Hill Country surrounded by rolling hills, multiple wineries and beer distilleries, and nearby towns of Fredericksburg, Kerrville, Luckenbach, and Bandera and many live entertainment venues! Your days off leave you plenty of time to discover this great part of the state! Go to our website to fill out an application or call 830-537-3666 for more information! 
 We currently need a couple to work Wednesdays and Thursdays, and a couple to work Fridays and Saturdays. The Wednesday, Thursday opening is for April 2nd, The Friday, Saturday opening starts March 3rd. Couples work 2 days a week for your FHU site including electricity, $15 of quarters for laundry, propane and 10% discount in store. We are looking for a 6 month (or more if you love it!) Commitment for workcampers to work 28 hours a week. Send a copy of your resume to "Manager" at tohmanagers@147gmail.com or to learn more about our park, please visit our Website! You may apply on the tab at the top of the right hand side of the page. Looking forward to hearing from y'all! 
 http://www.topofthehillrvresort.com 
 
 Blanco, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 02:27:02 8786 
Great Opportunity For Hard Workers And Animal Lovers! 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Now hiring! We are looking for a hard working couple or individual to join our team on our rescue ranch! We have two locations one in Blanco, Tx and one in Boerne, Tx. We will be trying to fill Blanco position first. This job includes feeding, watering and poop scooping for our animals along with some other small tasks such as fence mending and general ranch upkeep. This is a volunteer position that is about 20/week with utilities included. 
 The types of animals currently on the ranch are llamas, pigs, sheep, goats, alpacas, ponies, emu, ducks, rooster and donkeys. We are happy to answer any questions you have, no experience necessary but willingness to learn and work hard is a must. 
 Requirements: 
- Love of animals 
- Ability to work with large animals 
- Able to work with animals with behavioral issues 
- Fill feed cans/move hay bales 
- Assist with vaccinations (oral and subdural) 
- Lift 50 lbs 
- Ability to make sound decisions related to safety and security 
- Must be self motivated and able to both follow directions and work independently 
- Must demonstrated ability to be reliable as punctual 
Please call 303-910-9952 or email jbray75@435gmail.com if interested. 
 https://m.facebook.com/kendalleise 
 
 New Douglas, IL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 01:29:46 8785 
Work Camper Couple 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Retail, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
The position will require the couple to work 24 hours a week, combined total. We are looking for Workers to start work on or between April- Early May, 2021. If you are a people person, energetic and enjoy socializing with guests-We Need You! 
 
 Office primary duties will include, but not limited to, taking reservations, checking in guests, managing the phones, collecting rent/electric payments, food handling and assist with keeping the office clean and orderly. 
 The Maintenance work camper needs to be an all around handyman. Light electrical and plumbing knowledge would be a plus. Primary duties will include, escorting new arrivals and assist with parking campers when needed. On occasion, you may be asked to do some light weed-eating and tree trimming. Otherwise, this position will require being on standby to assist in the store or to fix/or clean up minor issues. 
We are offering a full hook-up site 50 or 30 Lakefront FHU, which includes water, sewer and electric stipend, discount in our store and on propane. rusticacres2001@684aol.com 
 http://www.rusticacrescg.com 
 
 
 Estes Park, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 21:44:07 8784 
Office Maintenance Security 
 Job Duties:           Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Elk Meadow Lodge & RV Resort in Estes Park, CO (7,800 ft. Elevation) is seeking couples for a  Skilled  position in Office/Maintenance for our 2021 season. Office: reservation software experience  required , Campground Master preferred. Graphic Design & MailChimp experience  required . Maintenance: duties include but not limited to minor repairs to plumbing, carpentry, electrical. Escorting, mowing, pool maintenance, security. These positions are 32 to 40 hour a week per person. 
 Compensation is as follows: Job will pay $12.50/hour for all hours worked. You will also receive a full hook up site including electricity, access to Wi-Fi, and discounted propane. Positions beginning early May 2021 thru Sept/early Oct 2021. These are couples positions only. Send resumes along with pictures of your rig, pet & vehicle to careers@860rvinn.net. Reference ad # EM122. 
 
 
 Fletcher, NC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 19:56:24 8783 
Hiring For March-Summer Of 2021 Western North Carolina 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Pool, General Labor 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Come spend Spring and Summer in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains!. We are hiring for outside help. Housekeeping, escorting, general maintenance, pool maintenance and other assorted duties. We ask for 10 hours per week per couple for the site and any hours worked over that will be paid at 7.25 per hour. Please send a resume to rutledgelake@279gmail.com. Please feel free to follow up with a phone call 828-654-7873. 
 http://ashevillervpark.co 
 
 Thompson Springs, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 18:02:17 8673 
Amazing Opportunity To Work And Play In Unique Eastern Utah 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Ballard RV Park and Rental houses is looking for team players for cleaning rental houses, restrooms, showers, and laundry facilities. Cleaning completed by 4 pm. We offer a FHU (WSE) RV site with cable, Wi-Fi, propane, laundry, and use of ATV after cleaning hours included. Hours worked for site is 10 hours per week with hours above that paid at $12 an hour. 
 We are located in Thompson Springs, Utah, off I-70 at exit 187, surrounded by hiking, biking, jeeping, and ATVing; near 5 national parks, 5 national monuments, state parks, the La Sal Mountains, and Book Cliffs. With a full staff, workers will have 2 days off in a row with a rotating schedule with every third Friday and Saturday off with time to explore and sightsee. Usual season runs from March 1st to November 30 with staff arriving Feb 22 to help open the park. Prefer a commitment for the full season but will work with a minimum 3 month commitment. RV part of the park has just been expanded to double the size. Interested or have questions email: managerbrvandhouses@366gmail.com or check us out on the web. 
 https://www.moabrvpark.com 
 
 Pensacola, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 16:16:41 5140 
Live, Work And Play At The Beach This Summer! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We have two openings for Summer 2021 (April 15 thru September 15) in Pensacola, FL for host couples to work outside (no office duties). Work half the month on 3 and 4 day shift rotations shared with another couple. FHU, free laundry and free pdr T-shirts for uniforms. Plus $2,500 bonus paid in September ($500 per month per couple). Must be in good physical, mental and financial health. 
 Our resort is across the street from the Gulf of Mexico, with a private beach access, and sits on the water on Old River. The resort only has 12 sites available for vacation rentals and is the best RV Park location on the Gulf Coast! Check out our website and Facebook Fan Page to see why people love the Playa del Rio and why you will love being here. We offer full hook-up sites with 30/50 amp power, water, cable, sewer, and courtesy Wi-Fi. Work from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm, and assist with RV arrivals and departures as needed until all reservations have been filled each day; and be on call after normal office hours to assist and respond to emergencies. 
 Duties: Must have some skills in plumbing and electrical, general maintenance, weeding, lawn care, maintaining resort common areas, and assisting guests as needed. Must be able to interact, communicate and assist RVers as they arrive and depart the resort property. We only want Honest, Dependable, Drama-Free and Friendly Workers with good positive attitudes and good work ethics. Email resume with photo of you and your RV to: mcbridecompanies@141gmail.com 
 http://www.playadelrio.com 
 
 Caledonia, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 15:25:53 8694 
Jellystone Park Caledonia, Near Milwaukee, WI 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
We create memories worth repeating at Jellystone Park in Caledonia, WI! Located 25 minutes South of Downtown Milwaukee and only 90 minutes from Chicago! Our award winning campground with 75 cabins and over 300 sites is seeking friendly, energetic, motivated single's or couple's for housekeeping duties. Duties consist of bathhouse cleaning, cabin cleaning, routine maintenance for cabins (not required but preferred). All necessary supplies and equipment is provided. Our bathhouses have kaivac cleaning systems. April 15, 2021-October 15, 2021- Dates can be extended if interested. Minimum 25 hr work week per person (35 hrs for single). Monthly Rate available. Electricity/Water metered. Pay rate is $11/hour, higher rate available based upon quality and production. *End of season bonus for those who fulfill job duties and date requirement. Reply to: april@470jellystone-caledonia.com - 8425 hwy 38, Caledonia, Wi 53108 or call 262-835-2565. 
 https://www.jellystone-caledonia.com 
 
 Benson, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 12:19:13 6205 
Summer Season April - October 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Butterfield RV Resort in Benson, Arizona is currently looking for someone to fill the following couple/single positions for the summer season (April 15/October 15, 2021): Astronomy (Astro Nerd)/Housekeeping/Office/Maintenance 
 So, what do you get for all this happiness? We offer Couples: 
- Full hookup site with 30 & 50-amp service 
- Up to $200 in electric allowance 
- Free propane 
- Free laundry quarters to use in our laundry facilities. 
- 15% discount at the resort store 
 We offer Singles: 
- 1/2 off Full hookup site with 30 & 50-amp service 
- Up to $100 in electric allowance 
- Free propane 
- Free laundry quarters to use in our laundry facilities. 
- 15% discount at the resort store 
 The resort amenities: Free cable TV, Wi-Fi (basic only free), Pool, Hot tub, Wood shop, exercise facilities, putting green, golf driving cages, Ramada w/grills, Clubhouse, Library, Laundry room, Showers, Pickleball court, Amateur Ham Shack, and our very own on-site Observatory with nightly shows (weather and Covid-19 permitting). There is no monetary compensation. 
 We are looking for the right person(s) that can make a commitment to fill this position. Our workcamper couples typically work an eight-hour day, three days on and six days off during the summertime. We try to have couples work the same days. If this sounds like the opportunity you are looking for, please let us know. Wed love to have you on our team! We will follow up with a phone discussion and if you are chosen, you will receive from us a letter of understanding outlining your duties, commitment date, as well as your expected compensation, as outlined above. 
 If you are interested in pursuing this further, email us with a good phone number, picture of your rig and any pets that you may have and the job you're interested in. Don't forget to include your time zone. Have a great day and thank you for your interest. 
Butterfield RV Resort - butterfieldmanager@80gmail.com 
 http://www.rv-resort.com 
 
 
 Etna, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 11:11:49 3843 
Facility Assistant For Summer Camp 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Facilities Assistant for christian summer camp. Beautiful facility in northern Calif. Perform basic maintenance and groundskeeping tasks to provide a safe & functional facility for campers and staff. May 1st through September 30th. 30 to 40 hr/wk at $14.00/hr + Hookups (water, electric & sewer). Weekends off. For more information contact tim.lloyd@628mounthermon.org or call 530-598-2697. 
 http://www.mounthermon.org/kidder-creek 
 
 Salvisa, KY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 10:45:41 8640 
Cummins Ferry RV Resort + Campground In Central Kentucky 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Manager or Assistant, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Experienced Campground Host wanted: 
Benefits of Managing / Hosting an RV Destination Resort You'll spend your days surrounded by people who are excited to be where you are. New Destination RV Park on the KY River and along the KY Bourbon Trail is looking for an Experienced Campground Host with high customer service standards, attention to detail, and a desire to make every customer experience world-class. 
 We are preparing for our 2021 season & would love to have you on the team. 
Campground host - $15 per hour 
Guest service attendant and Maintenance, mowing, limbs - $14 per hour 
 If you give us 32 hours of work each week (we can work on a schedule and hours if needed) you can park your RV on site for free, then your hourly pay on top of that! come join US! 
 The Campground Host will: 
- Oversee the daily operations of the campground check in / check out guest assign camp sites 
- Assist with all site setup/cleanup for arriving and departing guests. Following Daily maintenance checklist with maintenance person, cleaning and enforcing the campground Rules and Regulations and fee collection, all while providing exceptional customer service. 
- Exceptional customer service and communications skills, a welcoming and friendly demeanor 
- Computer proficiency a must 
- Flexibility to respond to RV resort needs during non-business hours 
- Ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment 
- Ability to assess a situation, use quick and reasonable judgment and resolve problems diplomatically. 
- Valid driver's license, good driving record and current auto insurance. 
- Ability to work weekends and holidays on a regular basis. 
- Must be available between the hours of 10am-6pm. 
- Oversee the sales of Camp Store, including drinks, ice, apparel, sewer donuts and electrical adapters 
- Routinely check resort amenities (i.E. Pool) for unregistered guests. 
- Hard-working and willingness to take direction and carry-out tasks 
brad@956bluegrassteam.com 
 http://CumminsFerry.com 
 
 Princeton, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-14 09:28:56 8707 
The Narrows RV Park Needs You!!! Janitorial / Handyman 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
The Narrows RV Park in Beautiful Princeton Oregon is looking for an enthusiastic, energy driven individual to join our team here at The Narrows RV Park. New Ownership is seeking an individual that is self driven, self motivated, a person that takes the initiative to get the job done. The job includes janitorial of the RV park restrooms, laundry room facilities, RV park maintenance upkeep and minor handyman services may be required. Small salary and an RV space to call home in trade for employment services. See our new website at the link below. scottandtina@586wertravlin.com 
 https://www.narrowsrvpark.com 
 
 Houston, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 23:01:58 8782 
Campworker Couple Needed - Pt Year Around 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are seeking a work camping couple to work year around at an upscale RV Resort in Pearland, Texas. The position will require the couple to work 24 hours a week, combined total. Experienced couples are preferred, but not mandatory. Able to start work on or between April 1-15, 2021. Our office person must be a people person with excellent hospitality skills. Experience with RV resort reservation system is a plus. Other office duties will include, but not limited to, taking reservations, checking in guests, managing the phones, collecting rent/electric payments, and assist with keeping the office clean and orderly. 
 Our maintenance workcamper needs to be a general fix-it person. Light electrical and plumbing knowledge would be a plus. The Resort's landscaping is contracted out. Other duties will include, but not limited to, escorting new arrivals and assist with parking when needed. On occasion, you may be asked to do some light weed-eating and tree trimming in between the time the landscapers are here. Otherwise, this position will require being on standby to fix/or clean up anything that breaks. This individual must also be a people person and enjoy socializing with our guest and be in good physical shape. 
 As compensation for the above hours, we are offering a full hook-up site, which includes water, sewer and electric, laundry and use of all Resort facilities. To apply, please send your resume to management@820pearwoodrvpark.com 
 https://www.pearwoodrvpark.com 
 
 Canton, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 22:58:24 8781 
Looking For Maintenace, Groundkeeper & General Labor 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are a small RV park in a tourist town. We are looking for a individual or couple (just 1 worker) that can handle Maintenance, repair electric & Plumbing, use Zero Turn mower, change mower blades when needed, Tractor work, and general labor (keep Park aesthetically looking nice). 6 month or extended stay preferred. We will require a clean background check. Will provide FHU RV site in exchange for work performed, OR we have a Cabin with 2 lofts if you don't have a RV. Will pay half the electric on cabin. Need someone to work approximately 95 hours per month. No monetary fees exchanged. barb@712txlogcabinrvpark.com (Picture on website) 
 http://www.txlogcabinrvpark.com 
 
 
 
 Westport, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 22:52:28 8780 
American Sunset RV And Tent Resort Summer 2021 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
For workcamping couples, typically one partner works inside the office and the other partner is typically outside. Outside work includes, but is not limited to: 
- Housekeeping/janitorial 
- Record keeping 
- Propane pumping 
- Security 
- Park equipment maintenance and repair 
- Firewood sales 
- Rule enforcement in a polite and instructive manner 
- Helping guests park RVs (guide only) 
- Pool maintenance and testing 
- Park maintenance 
- Mowing and trimming in our extensive grounds 
Tree Cutting 
- Operating specific heavy equipment with appropriate training and qualification 
- Accurately clock time worked using park time clock 
 Essential duties require moderately heavy lifting (50 - 75 pounds); ability to analyze and recommend solutions to equipment or park hazards and malfunctions; kneeling, bending and stretching; operating motor vehicles and golf carts or ATVs safely; and working with common hand and power tools safely and efficiently. Flexibility and teamwork are essential here, as is the ability to work with others cooperatively and supportively. 
 Inside work is primarily office work and includes: 
- Guest relations 
- Making reservations and taking deposits 
- Using business-related computer software and computers 
- Making and receiving business and customer calls 
- Minor bookkeeping to the extent necessary to ensure accuracy of daily transactions 
- Cash register functions for point of sale and reservations 
- Maintaining privacy of guest and company records 
- Interaction with outside park personnel to the extent necessary to coordinate calls for propane, firewood transport, parking assistance, guest relations and security or rule enforcement 
- Selling store merchandise 
- Guest check-ins 
- Credit card and cash transactions with a high degree of precision 
- Accurately clock time worked using the park time clock 
Essential duties require the ability to use computers and credit card equipment with a high degree of accuracy, quickly learn and adapt to changing equipment and processes as the park evolves, consistent ability to interact politely with guests regardless of their behavior, analytical ability to the extent necessary to evaluate the accuracy of guest bills and diagnose problems with operation of business computers and equipment specific to office operation. If interested please contact Connor McLeod at 253-376-6637 or connor@36soundpacificrv.com for more details. 
 http://www.americansunsetrv.com 
 
 Licking, MO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 19:23:14 8779 
Managing Caretakers 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Seeking the RV-nomad contractor type who can manage the campground and float trip business, maintain and repair existing works, while completing construction of new facilities. Small, family-oriented campground on small but beloved bass fishing stream in the Missouri Ozarks. Must have a knowledge of and experience in residential construction. wook@683boilingspringsresort.com 
 http://Www.boilingspringsresort.com 
 
 Umatilla, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 15:59:41 5557 
Looking For Summer Night Host Couple 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
The Olde Mill Stream RV Resort in central Florida is accepting resumes for enthusiastic Workamper couples interested in becoming a summer night host from April 15 - Oct. 15, 2021. Job tasks are answering phones, watching gate, escorting RV's to their site and misc. Small chores in exchange for a FHU site with Wi-Fi & cable. Visit our website and send resume with current photo of RV and couple to: manager@365oldemillstreamrvresort.com 
 http://www.oldemillstreamrvresort.com 
 
 Brimfield, MA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 15:58:11 7957 
Seeking Talented Personnel For Store / Reservations Counter 
 Job Duties:           Office Help, Retail 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
We are seeking a talented experienced candidate to assist with the management of our camp store and reservations. Previous proven experience in a high traffic environment requiring cash and credit card processing is preferred. Candidates who are bonded would be preferred but not essential. Ideally the successful candidate would be expected to provide more than the typical 20 hours per week. For this reason, we would offer the successful candidate both compensation and the benefits enjoyed by our treasured work camping team. Please email us your resume and we can provide the job description for the position we are looking to fill. In the meantime, we would like to share further details on our standard work camping program for your review and consideration. 
 - Season commences on 4/15 of each year (weather permitting). Mother nature has been very unpredictable in New England!!). There is always an option to dry camp and assist with camp opening duties until we can safely turn on our wells. 
- Our camping season ends on 10/15. 
- Work camper are expected to provide twenty (20) hours of service per site per week. 
- QCC will provide a site with 20/30/50 amp electrical service and either a full hookup or free weekly pump outs. 
- *Free electric included. *We ask that you use care and use the provided electricity wisely and efficiently. 
- Free tickets to events are provided (i.E. Special dinners annual pig roast and so on). 
- $25.00 monthly laundry allowance for exclusive use in the campground laundry. 
- Up to 2 crates of free wood per week per season ($288.00 value). 
- *$60.00 per month grocery allowance. To be awarded at the end of each successful month of work camping with us. 
- *Free propane. *Limit six (6) 30lb refills and three (3) 60lb refills per season. First refill to be available at the end of your first month of work camping with us. 
directors@366quinebaugcove.com 
 http://quinebaugcove.com 
 
 Brimfield, MA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 15:57:26 7916 
Seeking Talented, Positive And Motivated Work Campers 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security, General Labor, IT/Web 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Hello Work Camping Candidate, 
We truly appreciate your consideration for joining our campground operating team. Our number one goal is to ensure that all our guests are treated with respect, able to have a fun, safe, relaxing and enjoyable stay with us. The goal is to generate and retain repeat visitors!! We can accomplish this with a team that includes cordial, responsible, dedicated and honest people. In exchange for your talents and expertise, we offer the benefits as they have been further detailed below. If you want to be a part of a team of folks that both respect each other and work well together, you have come to the right place!! 
 Season commences on 4/15 of each year (weather permitting). Mother nature has been very unpredictable in New England!!). There is always an option to dry camp and assist with camp opening duties until we can safely turn on our wells. Our camping season ends on 10/15. Work camper are expected to provide twenty (20) hours of service per site per week. In exchange, QCC will provide: 
- a site with 20/30/50 amp electrical service and either a full hookup or free weekly pump outs. 
- Free electric included. *We ask that you use care and use the provided electricity wisely and efficiently. 
- Free tickets to events are provided (i.E. Special dinners annual pig roast and so on). 
- Monthly laundry allowance for exclusive use in the campground laundry. 
- Up to 2 crates of free wood per week. 
- Monthly grocery allowance. *To be awarded at the end of each successful month of work camping with us. 
- Free propane. *Limit six (6) 30lb refills and three (3)60 lb refills per season. First refill to be available at the end of your first month camping with us. 
For further details on our work camping program and/or to submit your resume, please contact us by email only at directors@245quinebaugcove.com. We are looking forward to hearing from you!! 
Happy Camping!! 
 http://quinebaugcove.com 
 
 
 
 Elk Rapids, MI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 15:53:22 5846 
RV Park Looking For Work Campers In Northwest Michigan LP 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Manager or Assistant, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Honcho Rest Campground, Elk Rapids, MI. - Honcho Rest is an RV exclusive campground with cabins for non-RV campers. We have 97 full hookup sites, 7 water/electric hookup sites and 6 cabins. We offer nightly, weekly, monthly and seasonal camping. We are located 1 mile from downtown Elk Rapids. The campground has 900ft of frontage on Bass Lake in the Village of Elk Rapids. We're looking for 2 couples for our summer 2021 season. Start and End Dates Flexible. Work until site expenses are covered (Rent and Electric used) then can continue working for compensation. 
 Compensation based on hourly wage. The days/hours are flexible but will include weekends. Typically more hours in the beginning of the season and then trail off towards the end for outdoor work. Office work is low in the beginning, high peak season, and low at the end. Sites have, water & electric, sewer, cable TV, Wi-Fi. We would like someone to work in the office taking reservations, checking guests in, cleaning bathrooms and cabins. Also someone to help in the campground with mowing/weed whipping, painting/staining, and general maintenance and upkeep. Email: info@938honchorestcampground.com 
 http://www.honchorestcampground.com 
 
 Umatilla, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 15:35:18 8531 
Couple Needed For Our Cleaning Team 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Olde Mill Stream RV Resort in central Florida is accepting resumes for an enthusiastic Workcamper couple interested in joining our cleaning team for the upcoming fall/winter 2021-2022 season in exchange for a FHU site. Visit our website and send resume with current photo of couple and RV to: manager@293oldemillstreamrvresort.com 
 http://www.oldemillstreamrvresort.com 
 
 Warrensburg, NY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 14:20:14 8778 
Outdoor Resort Team Member 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Maintenance, Office Help, Retail 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
With a culture of recognition and reputation for excellence, ELS is the ideal organization in which to develop a long and successful career! ELS is hiring for the position of Outdoor Resort Team Members in Warrensburg, New York. Looking for a fun & challenging Summer Job? We are planning for our 2021 Summer Season! Be outside 80% of the time, drive golf carts, start campfires, and get to know your customers! Full Time seasonal positions available April through October. 
 Lake George Schroon Valley offers 138 sites (RV and tents)and is your home away from home nestled along the banks of the Schroon River and the foothills of the Adirondacks. Just minutes from all of the Lake George attractions our peaceful RV resort in New York is literally a world away from all of the crowds and commotion. Multiple Opportunities Available Full time seasonal hiring for: 
- Reception & Retail 
- Maintenance Department 
Successful candidates should be happy, flexible and energetic self-starters who like to stay active, can handle multiple responsibilities and remain calm and collected while doing so. 
 Experience & skills you need: 
- High school diploma or the equivalent experience. 
- Strong organizational, coordination and scheduling skills and meticulous attention to detail. 
- Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize based on customer needs. 
- Valid drivers license, good driving record and current auto insurance. 
 We offer competitive pay in a fun work environment. Schedules are flexible & based on business need. Other benefits include: 
- Competitive Wage 
- Work Campers get the same day off as their spouse/partner 
- 25% discount in store everyday 
- Discounted and free activities at our sister property Lake George Escape 
- Discounted and Complimentary admission to area attractions 
- Friendly atmosphere & excellent working conditions 
- Workamper opportunities available 
- 50% site discount for immediate family, based on availability 
- 15% site discount for friends and extended family, based on availability 
- Manager hosted potluck dinners for employees Create lasting friendships. 
 Join our team and together we will create memories by celebrating community and doing the unexpected through our core values of enthusiasm, empathy, communication & ownership. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome and thank all applicants. Apply at the link below. 
 http://www.rvonthgo.com 
 
 Bass Harbor, ME   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 12:26:01 6337 
Workamp For Bass Harbor Campground. Mt Desert, Acadia NP 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Retail, General Labor, IT/Web 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
2021 Workcamping opportunity in Acadia National Park, nice cool summers, close to the ocean. Looking for couples or singles, both will work outside, must be able to lift 50 lbs. Job duties include: bathhouse cleaning, yard maintenance, handyman talents, capital improvements. Trade skills preferred. 28 hours of work (per site) is traded for a 30 amp full hookup site, electricity, Wi-Fi, Cable TV, heated pool all included, pets ok. Additional hours will be paid. Work seasons are May 1st to August 31, and July 6 to Oct 30. Send us an application found on our website if your are interested, and our email is camp@364bassharbor.com - Please include a resume. 
 https://www.bassharbor.com 
 
 Port Lavaca, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 09:28:50 8573 
Work Camping Couples Texas Gulf Coast 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Security, General Labor, IT/Web 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Workcamping couples needed in Port Lavaca, Texas. Coastal Bay RV Park is looking for physically fit, long-term couples that can excell at all aspects of working for a RV park. Duties include:(yet not limited to) 
 
 Cleaning of facilities (rest rooms, laundry, office, etc.), Grounds keeping duties such as mowing, weed eating, tractor with brush hog etc. Light repairs with electrical, water & sewer. Maintainence on equipment & tools. 
 Office duties may include registering new guests, collection of rents & deposits, preparing monthly billing & resident notices. Phone duties to quote rates, availability, resident issues and the like. 
 Providing security, rules & policy enforcement. Assist in parking of RV's & hookup for newly arriving guests. 
 Coastal Bay RV Park is in a rural coastal setting, just blocks from Carancahua Bay & Port Alto beach. We are a park of primarily long term residents. Expansion plans with park improvements are in the planning stages. Opportunities for advancement are available due to our ever expanding company. 
 
 Compensation for these duties includes FHU, Wi-Fi, laundry. Salary is commensurate with experience and abilities. Please respond by email only with cover letter & resumes. portobelo@979portobelovillage.com 
 
 
 Lake George, NY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 08:12:31 8678 
Experience The Adirondacks! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Security, Retail 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
With a culture of recognition and reputation for excellence, ELS is the ideal organization in which to develop a long and successful career! ELS is hiring for the position of Outdoor Resort Team Members in Lake George, New York. Looking for a fun & challenging Summer Job? We are planning for our 2021 Summer Season! Be outside 80% of the time, drive golf carts, start campfires, and get to know your customers! Full Time seasonal positions available April through October. Enjoy a flexible work schedule while learning new skills. Lake George Escape Outdoor Resort offers over 500+ accommodation sites (RV, Campground, Cabins) across 178 acres of plush woods and meadows surrounded by the six million-acre Adirondack Park. With easy access from I-87 (the Northway), theres simply no better place to work. 
 Multiple Opportunities Available: 
o Reservations/Reception 
o Park Attendant 
o Maintenance Department 
o Security/Ranger 
o Retail 
o Fun and Games 
 Successful candidates should be happy, flexible and energetic self-starters who like to stay active, can handle multiple responsibilities and remain calm and collected while doing so. You will find that Lake George Escape operates at a faster pace than most other resorts! 
 Experience & skills you need: 
o High school diploma or the equivalent experience. 
o Strong organizational, coordination and scheduling skills and meticulous attention to detail. 
o Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize based on customer needs. 
o Valid drivers license, good driving record and current auto insurance. 
Schedules are flexible & based on business need. Workampers do receive the same days off as their spouse/partner. 
 Other benefits include: 
o Competitive Wage 
o 25% discount in store & restaurant everyday 
o Discounted sites for Workampers 
o Friendly atmosphere & excellent working conditions 
o Workamper & on-site housing opportunities lakegeorgeescape_admin4@573equitylifestyle.com 
 https://equitylifestyleproperties.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/ELS/job/Lake-George-NY/Outdoor-Resort-Team-M 
 
 Harrison, AR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-12 21:21:59 8777 
Seeking Workcampers 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Enjoy work camping at Harrison Village RV Park and Campground located in Harrison, Arkansas, close to the Buffalo National River and within an hour's drive of Branson, Missouri and Eureka Springs Arkansas. We are seeking 2 sets of workcampers, preferably each a 2 person team. Expectation would be each person would work 12 hours a week with a flexible schedule. Duties to be split between the 2 sets of workpapers would include would include pool maintenance, cleaning restrooms and laundry room, office work, mowing, filling propane, and light maintenance. These hours worked each week per couple is in exchange for FHU site, electric, water, sewer, cable TV, Wi-Fi, laundry and propane allowance. We are a family friendly campground/RV park with a mixture of seasonal, monthly, and overnight sites. We are looking for a couple to start as soon as January and working through the summer/fall seasons. Email for more information or to apply harrisonvillage@792yahoo.com 
 http://harrisonvillagervpark.com 
 
 Wallowa, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-12 20:39:06 8776 
Ne Oregon. Need A Friendly Couple 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Wallowa River RV Park is a small 31-site family owned RV Park and is located on the Wallowa River in beautiful Northeastern Oregon. We need a friendly, dependable couple from mid April 15th to mid October for the 2021 season. This position is suitable for a retired couple/team. We need hands-on, fit individuals capable of routine property maintenance, lawn and grounds care. Duties include, outstanding customer service, registering guests, taking reservations, some light cleaning, mowing, irrigation, etc. 
 Couples will work closely with other camp hosts and owners. Work in exchange for a full hook-up site, including water, sewer, Wi-Fi, power, cable, and propane. After a combined 40 hours worked per month, pay is $12.00 an hour. Pets are welcome. The position only requires part-time work. The park is beautiful, a hidden little jewel. We are very flexible and it is a relaxing environment. Come and enjoy the many activities and events Wallowa County offers in the summer. Visit our website for more information about our park. If you are interested, please send an email with resume to wrrvpark@995gmail.com 
 http://wallowariverrvpark.com 
 
 Lake City, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-12 16:44:01 8775 
Workamping 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Retail, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hello! My name is Monica Fuller & I own a beautiful campground in Southwest Colorado. I am looking for an energetic couple to assist me this year from approximately Mid May through October 1st. Dates have some flexibility on both sides & we will work together to make sure the schedule works for everyone. Duties for these positions include but are not limited to, housekeeping (cleaning cabins and restrooms) ,maintenance, cleaning campsites, monitoring and maintaining water system, washing rental jeeps, grounds keeping, & occasionally working in the lodge. Working in the lodge consists of checking guests in, taking reservations, running cash register, answering phone calls, retail assistance, merchandising, stocking, watering plants, dusting, mopping & all other aspects of keeping our customers happy and our campground running smoothly. Approximately 15-20 hours per week per person will be scheduled (more or less depending on the season & our campground census). We make every attempt to see that every person on the schedule gets 2 days off in a row each week. Compensation as follows FHU site provided in exchange for 5 hours of work per person per week. All hours worked over 5 are paid at $12.00 per hour. Please call for more information at 970-944-2622. I look forward to visiting with you! Castle Lakes Campground is just outside of Lake City, Colorado on the Alpine Loop. Find out more about us by checking out our website or find us on Facebook. 
 
 Estes Park, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-12 15:14:19 8540 
Live And Workamp In Beautiful Estes Park, Colorado! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Office Help, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Live and work in the popular tourist town of Estes Park, Colorado in 2021. Estes Park is the gateway to Rocky Mountain National Park. A hikers, bikers, and outdoor enthusiasts dream location! The Estes Park Campgrounds have available positions for couples who are confident performing both camp host and camp store customer service duties. Must be in good health and able to work at 8,000 ft. Computer proficiency and ability to multitask in a busy retail environment a must. Responsibilities include checking guests in, making reservations and selling pos items using the ReserveAmerica application, answering phone calls, retail assistance, merchandising, stocking, dusting, cleaning and all other aspects of keeping our customers happy and our camp store running smoothly. Couples will also work outdoors fulfilling the camp host responsibilities which include cleaning camp sites, stocking bathrooms, picking up trash, and general upkeep of the properties. 
 Full hookup site provided with access to free Wi-Fi and laundry. Discounts available at camp store and other EVRPD-managed facilities including local golf courses, recreation center, and marina. Typical schedule is 24 hours/week per person in a 3-on 3-off pattern. Couples will always work together and have the same days off. These positions are in high demand so apply ASAP. Season runs from May 19th - September 27th, 2021. We will be assembling a great staff of folks who will become life-long friends. For more info, full job descriptions, and applications, please click the link below. Applications, resume, and recent photos can be emailed to zenda@869evrpd.com 
 https://evrpd.colorado.gov/workamper-opportunities 
 
 
 Pikeville, TN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-12 11:54:06 4827 
Hiring For 2021 Season 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are looking for a couple to start around April 1st of this year. Duties include cleaning restroom facilities, game room, pavilion, and other common areas. Performing lawn care of RV/Tent Sites, pond, and other areas. Duties also include cleaning one on-site RV Rental as needed. At least one worker must be able to operate zero-turn mowers and weed-eaters. Must be in fairly good physical shape, with no health restrictions that would interfere with your ability to complete the work required. 
 We are a family campground located one hour north of Chattanooga in Pikeville, TN on the beautiful Cumberland Plateau. Mountain Glen offers a quiet, peaceful, serene country setting. We are a family owned and operated park that provides a friendly work environment. We feature 49 sites - 41 RV-sites w/full hook-ups and 8 tent sites. We are offering an RV site with Full Hook-ups - water, sewer, and electric 30/50 amp, plus fast reliable Wi-Fi, free laundry, and up to $100 in electric usage in exchange for 20 hours of work total between the couple. We are hiring workers that are interested in working during the 2021 busy season from April 1st-October 31st. Currently hiring for 4 month and 7-8 month long positions. One week of vacation given for 7-8 months position. Background checks may apply. Must have another source of income as this position only provides an RV Site in trade for work performed. We ask that heavy drinkers please not apply. If interested please e-mail us at info@161mountainglen.com. Please visit our website for more information about our campground. - Thank you and God Bless! 
 http://www.mountainglen.com 
 
 Durango, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 15:25:52 8773 
Croll Cabins Near Durango, Co Seeks Work Campers 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Croll Cabins near Durango, Colorado is seeking two detail-oriented couples for mid-May to mid-September 2021. Our six family-owned rental cabins are lakefront on Vallecito Lake in southwestern Colorado. We are looking for work camper couples to provide housekeeping, laundry, groundskeeping, and light maintenance. The positions require 24 hours a week per couple in exchange for FHU, propane, laundry, and Wi-Fi. Pay for any work over 24 hours a week will be $15/hr. Applicants must be physically fit, able to handle high altitude, and comfortable with technology. Please send resume, references, and photo to David and Kathy Croll at crollcabins@49gmail.com. Visit our website or call 970-903-3564 for more information. We look forward to hearing from you. 
 http://www.crollcabins.com 
 
 Wall, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 15:03:18 7848 
World Famous Wall Drug Store's Seeking Employees For 2021! 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Wall Drug Store in Wall, South Dakota is currently accepting applications for Summer 2021! Positions available are: Food Prep workers in our Cafe that seats up to 530 customers, Retail Sales Clerks for our multiple retail shops, and Maintenance workers. 
Our Cafe is a fast-paced environment that can serve up to 15,000 guests in just 1 day! Food prep workers will work in various positions in our cafe such as prepping orders, preparing food, busing tables and cashiering. Retail sales clerks will work in our 76,000 square foot store facilitating sales, processing payment through cash or credit card, restocking as needed an keeping the area clean. 
Maintenance workers unload trucks, take merchandise and supplies to the appropriate areas, keep the store cleaned and well maintained by cleaning dining rooms, hallways, restrooms, etc. And doing other various tasks throughout the store. 
 Benefits include 401k with 4% match after 12 months of service and store discounts. Applicants must be able to stand for 8 hours each day and provide excellent customer service. Our employees work various shifts; including early mornings, closings and weekends. Earn $11.00 per hour worked, plus time and a half for overtime. Site rent is $50.00 per week and includes internet, water, sewer, and trash. Our season is April 15 to October 15. Applicants must be able to work through August 15, 2021, but working through Labor Day (September 6, 2021) is preferred. Apply online at the link below or contact Anne Jo Spotted Bear, walldrug2@16gwtc.net or 605-279-2175, with any questions. 
 https://www.walldrug.com/about-us/employment 
 
 Defuniak Springs, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 14:45:31 6989 
Sapphire Island In Florida Looking For Workampers 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Manager or Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are in need of year round camp host couple in Walton, Florida near Sandestin. To do office work and grounds maintenance. We are a small RV Park in FL. We are flexible and easy to work with. In exchange for free RV spot camp hosts work a combined 23 hours a week and we pay $10 an hour for work that is planned or needed over the hours based on experience. We usually need someone Thursday-Monday. The position is currently available. The perks: Free water, sewer, electric, Wi-Fi and laundry and we are close to the most beautiful beaches in the US and some neat historic sites. Email us at info@587sapphire-island.com for more information or submit a resume if interested. 
 http://www.Sapphire-Island.com 
 
 Ocala, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 14:12:31 8720 
A Little Bit Of Everything 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Manager or Assistant, IT/Web, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Livegalactic is a 501c3 nonprofit. We help others make an impact through our FairyGodParent volunteer program. We design and build our CattySwampuss Upcycled Enrichment Habitats & Crafts for local rescues, shelters and sanctuaries. In other words, it is all about the animals. 
 We are offering a FHU site for the workkampers of our dreams. Ideally one part of the couple would have handyman skills like electricity, welding and construction and the other would be crafty or a teacher. If you are comfortable working at different sites occasionally that would be good too but is not required. 
 We ask for 20 hours a week per person. We are fairly flexible on scheduling as we rarely have hard deadlines. You will want off during the week because in tourist land places are way too crowded on weekends but that would be your choice. How long you stay is also up for negotiation. 4 miles from grocery, 7 miles to downtown Ocala in NW horse country a few miles from hits and The new world equestrian center. Friendly pets are allowed. We do ask the RV be in good shape because we have one picky neighbor to keep happy. 
We are currently accepting only couples or singles with no children. We are not equipped to have children on the property at this time. Please email director@724livegalactic.org if you think you are a good fit or need more info to decide. 
 https://www.livegalactic.org 
 
 
 Cartersville, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 13:50:30 8772 
Volunteers Needed - Allatoona Lake 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Corps of Engineers Allatoona Lake is seeking volunteer park hosts for March - September/October and May - September. Volunteers needed for Campgrounds and Day Use areas. Campground duties include: renting campsites through recreation.gov system, issuing visitor passes, checking campground for safety issues. Day Use duties include assisting visitors, inspecting the park for issues, and issuing passes. Full hook up site (50 amp, water, sewer). Close to restaurants, shopping in N. Metro Atlanta, as well as all the recreational opportunities around the lake. Please submit applications to hailey.e.bowers@867usace.army.mil or call 678-721-6700 for more information. 
 
 Lemon Cove, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 12:18:21 8698 
Sequoia And Kings Canyon National Park Area Couple Wanted 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, General Labor 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Park Area Couple Wanted 
Come join our Fun and Friendly staff. The Lemon Cove Village RV Park is looking for a Workkamper couple to help with the daily operations of our small RV park. We are conveniently located on the Ca-198 about 15 minutes from Visalia Ca and 25 minutes from the entrance to Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks. We are in the foothills and surrounded by beautiful mountains and clean fresh air. We are 4 miles south of Lake Kaweah, a fishing and recreational lake. 
 Job responsibilities include customer service, cleaning, operating front office, maintaining clubhouse, bathrooms and laundry room. Also need some help with the outside park maintenance, including mowing, weed whacking, painting, trash pickup, site cleaning, etc. 
 Compensation: Minimum 25 hrs/week per couple in exchange for a full hookup site and up to $100/mo in electric. Limited additional hours over 25 will be paid hourly, subject to availability. 
 You can check out our website or for more information call Dirk at 805-538-5076. Or email to dirkdole805@857gmail.com. Please no texts. Please send a resume with references and pictures of RV... Position is open 1/11/2021. Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Park Area 
 http://lemoncovevillagervpark.com 
 
 Crosslake, MN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-11 10:14:10 8700 
Live & Work In Minnesota Lake Country! 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
 
 FHU and Salary available from May 1st - October 11th, 2021 
 12 Hours a week per person, primarily on Saturdays and Sundays 
 Family oriented 13 Cabin Resort located on Star Lake in Crosslake, MN 
 Crosslake is located in the highly sought out Brainerd Lakes Area. With the loon calls echoing across the lake, enjoy the majestic experience of the "Land of 10,000 Lakes" right out your front door! 
 Hike, fish, boat, kayak, and swim on our resort grounds during your time off. Enjoy our nearby adventure areas with an outdoor pickleball court in town, boutique shopping, and great restaurants amidst the friendly Minnesota welcome in our small town! 
 We have so much to enjoy during Minnesota's summer months! 
 Seeking 2 motivated Housekeepers per RV site, for thorough cleaning of our cabins 
 No dogs please 
 RV site hookups with water, electricity, sewer, laundry access, & Wi-Fi located in our Resort Store 
 Please call us at 218-543-4606, or email us your resume and any questions at getaway@90pineterrace.com 
 http://www.pineterrace.com 
 
 
 Lyndon Station, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-10 11:56:26 8591 
Positions Open At Beautiful Resort - Wisconsin Dells, WI 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Office Help, Groundskeeper, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Weekend Facilities Cleaning Crew- this position includes: cleaning the bathroom/shower house/laundry facilities, weekly deep clean of bayside bar and grill located right on the resort. We have an expensive cleaning machine for cleaning our bathroom/shower houses/laundry/bar. This machine allows you to simply spray everything down with the power washer and then squeegee it out. 
 Housekeeping - we have about 25 rental units on the property ranging from a small sleeping cabin (no bathroom) up to our condos (3 bedrooms, 2 baths, full kitchen, living room, large porch, etc.) And everything in between. Ideally we look for a couple or team to work together cleaning the units (its easiest to do with 2 people). 
Maintenance - looking for someone to return year to year to join our maintenance crew. Looking for someone with electrical, plumbing, HVAC, carpentry, etc. Experience. 
Groundskeepers - Responsible for running zero turn lawnmowers, weed eaters, cleaning out fire pits, picking up garbage, planting/watering plants, insuring the park looks great, etc. 
Office/Front Desk - Our office employees are most often the first face our customers see. We are looking for enthusiastic, positive, outgoing individuals to work in our office. Superior customer service and a great attitude are a must for this position. 
Bartending - our bar is a full service bar with a full kitchen. It is a large area and our bartenders also handle waiting on tables within the establishment. Must have superior customer service skills, experience bartending, great money skills, be a quick server, and work well in a team setting. 
Cooks - looking for a cook to mainly run our breakfast times on weekends with some additional hours possible 
 Pay negotiable based on experience. Hours vary. Looking for full time employees. Our season runs mid april-mid oct. Start and end dates can vary. kristinkay@999dellsriverbay.com 
 http://www.dellsriverbay.com 
 
 Almond, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-10 11:15:24 3439 
Friendly Workamper Couple Needed For The 2021 Season 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Friendly Work Camper Couple Needed For the 2021 Season 
Job Duties: Camp Host 
Compensation: FHU Only (you will receive a 1099) 
This is a seasonal job beginning April 30 and ending October 2, 2021. For 48 hours (24 per person) a week you will receive a full hook-up site (30 or 50 amp) and utilities for the season. We have one more opening for a work camper couple for our 2021 season. You would be responsible as a couple for a maximum of 48 hours of coverage in and around the clubhouse at Fountain Lake RV Park, Inc. The hours will consist of office hours involving manning the office, cleaning of the clubhouse, clubhouse bathrooms, and laundry building. The office will be open 7 days a week and the hours will be split with our other Work camper couple or volunteer hosts. The office hours will be 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM with a 1 hour lunch break. 
 Typical duties include, but not limited to: 
- cashiering, taking inventory and preparing lists for cleaning and paper goods needed, assisting members with items needed. 
- assisting customers checking in/out of the campground for corporate lot camping. 
- assisting with special events: hot dog roasts, pancake breakfasts, rallies, etc. 
- propane tank filling once you are certified by our supplier. Must be able to lift 50 lbs. 
- watering the plants and flowers around the clubhouse 
- lawn mowing and weed eating the common areas of the park including, around the clubhouse, around the rally field and pavilion, around the mini-golf area, around the front gate, and around the corporate rental lots. 
If you are interested, please get back to Sandie Aguillard at sandielou2@326gmail.com with your most recent work camping references and a picture of yourselves and your RV. 
 http://www.fountainlakervpark.com 
 
 
 
 Platoro, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-10 09:54:03 4755 
Cook / Food Service + General Help 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Retail, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Gold Pan is seeking an experienced couple or individual to run our cafe for the 2021 season. Must have experience, references and pictures. Gold Pan is also seeking a couple to work housekeeping and in our general store. Gold Pan is a seasonal business, open end-May 2021 until end-October 2021. We're located in the remote mountain town of Platoro, Colorado. Heart of the Rio Grande National Forest of south central Colorado. A paradise for anyone who enjoys hiking, fishing, hunting, horseback riding & 4 wheeling. Must be in good health (since we're at 9800 ft. Elevation) and willing to be a team player. Must provide resume, references and pictures. Position includes FHU, laundry, store discounts and salary. Please contact Michael at 254-289-6708 or email at: info@161goldpanrv.com 
 http://www.goldpanrv.com 
 
 Elkins, WV   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-10 06:50:44 8662 
Couple Needed For A Very Busy 200+ Site Campground 2021 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Retail, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Energetic couple or singles needed for a busy camping resort from end of March to end of Oct.2021. One position is running camp office/store. Campground Master software experience needed. Taking reservations, check-ins, bath house maintenance, stocking and cleaning store to name a few duties. Must be people and children friendly. Customer service is #1. 2nd position is maintenance all over the 25 acre resort. Must not have any limitations. Cutting trees, climbing tall ladders, chopping wood, grounds keeper, bath house (4) cleaner , hot tub (5) experience, electrical, plumbing, wells, sewer treatment plant experience needed, 14 cabins maintenance, painting, running a tractor/skid steer to name a few requirements. Both positions are 40 hour positions. TBD hours for spot and compensation for balance. Overtime is allowed if needed. Store disc, water, elec. And sewer included plus free cable. No Wi-Fi. At&t;, US cell work great. Verizon is sketchy. 2 days off on same day but may work different shifts. Must be very reliable. info@626revelles.com 
<http://revelles.com    > 
 
 Hulett, WY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 22:43:53 8771 
Work Campers Needed For 2021 Golf Season! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Are you looking for a unique Summer work camping job? Do you play golf? Have you wanted to learn about golf? We are looking for couples and singles to support our staff for the 2021 golf season. The Golf Club at Devils Tower is located in Northeastern Wyoming near Devils Tower National Monument. We are a private golf club with an airstrip, skeet range, a full-service public restaurant with a historic cowboy bar, and lodging. Our location attracts visitors from across the nation. Hulett is one of the featured Black Hills towns during the Sturgis Biker Rally in August. We are anticipating a busy season. 
 We want our members and guests to have a great experience! You must be friendly, outgoing, willing to provide recommendations and solve member and guest issues immediately. We want our members and guests feeling welcome and at home. We also ask you to be focused on cleanliness, presentation, and always maintaining the clubs standards. The Golf Club at Devils Tower has openings in all departments! 
 All departments are paid hours, free FHU 30/50 campsite, free laundry, free Wi-Fi and golfing privileges. We are looking for couples and singles! For couples joining us - if you work in different departments then your schedules might be different, although we always try to make schedules work out. Some flexibility is needed. The season starts in May and ends mid-October (depending on weather). The Golf Club at Devils offers an end of season bonus for all eligible work campers. 
 We are looking for... 
 
 Golf Shop Attendants (we are looking for people that know the golf world, know how to play, knowledge of golf shop merchandise and pos system)- $10 per hour 25 35 hours week. 
 Outside Services (maintain golf carts, practice facility, and help guests with golf carts) $10 per hour 25 35 hours. 
 Maintenance - (you do not have to have experience and this job can be for men or woman. We will train you how to mow and do any work on the golf course) $10 per hour 30-35 hours per week. 
 Server/Bartender (willing to train) - $9 per hour plus tips 25-35 hours. 
 Cooks (experience preferred but willing to train) - $12 per hour 25-30 hours. 
 Housekeeping - $12 per hour 25-35 hours 
 
 Feel free to call (307) 467-5773 with any questions and email us your resume to info@282devilstowergolf.com - In your e-mail please specify the position(s) you would be interested in. We welcome you to visit our website for more information. 
 http://www.devilstowergolf.com 
 
 Eureka Springs, AR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 22:07:14 8770 
Office Help Needed 14 Hours Per Wk 
 Job Duties:           Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Kettle Campground in Eureka Springs Arkansas is a freshly updated campground located in the beautiful Boston Foothills of the Ozark Mountains. Very close to the Buffalo National River, War Eagle Caverns, Roaring River, and much much more! We are looking for office help for 2 days a week. In exchange for FHU site and free propane fills (up to 4x 20lb tanks a month). 
Monday 9am-5pm 
Tuesday 9am-Noon 
Wednesday 9am-Noon 
Needing a single or a couple starting March 2021 for Atleast 6 months. Must have experience with reservations and customer service. Also must be able to fill propane. We will have you certified by the state board to fill. If interested please send resume to kettlecampground@737gmail.com 
 http://Www.kettlecampground.net 
 
 Custer, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 14:08:42 8013 
Spend Your Summer In The Beautiful Black Hills 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Seeking couples to join us in the beautiful Black Hills of South Dakota from May 1 to Sept. 30. Family-owned campground in the middle of all the attractions. Seeking a total of 28 hours a week combined. You will have coordinating days off to enjoy the area. Compensation includes a full hookup site with digital cable TV and a VIP visitor passes to the area. You will also be able to purchase propane and ice at cost. The job duties will include a mix of the following: 
- Check-in arriving guests 
- Make reservations via email and phone 
- Assist customers with questions about the Black Hills Area. 
- Cleaning and general upkeep of office 
- Site cleaning and maintenance upon guest departure. 
- Bath House, cabin, and general facilities cleaning. 
- Grounds maintenance ie. Mowing and trimming, building and facility repair, firewood splitting and bundling, RV site repair, and general day to day upkeep of the park. 
- Escorting Guests to their site. 
fwlmanager@446gmail.com 
 http://www.blackhillsrv.com 
 
 
 
 Campbell, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 13:39:10 8725 
General Maintenance (Handy Man) 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hello, we are looking for General Maintenace worker, who can work on regular tasks in the RV park, some fixes, some regular jobs, etc.. Must have general knowledge with plumbing and electrical, as well as lawn maintenance. Please reach us at info@985stinsonrvpark.com or (903) 455-7878. Please send us your email, so we can reach you back to discuss further. 
 
 Port Angeles, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 12:05:46 8653 
Seeking Couples For The 2021 Summer Season 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
In one of the most beautiful parts of Washington State, the Olympic Peninsula, rests a half-mile private sandy beach and beautiful campground known as Crescent Beach & RV. Settled in a remote location near the Olympic National Park & Forest lands, but still just 20 minutes from downtown Port Angeles. Our park has 34 full hook-up sites, 20 tent sites, and two cabins. 
 We are looking for couples to join us for the 2021 summer season, April to October. Each couple will work an 8-hour shift (three days on, three days off) covering our office and outside duties. Office responsibilities include taking phone reservations & inquiries, checking in beach day use & overnight campers, and selling items from a small camp store. Outside responsibilities include bathhouse (restrooms, showers & laundry) cleaning, grounds maintenance, taking guests to their site, and helping ensure all guests are registered on the beach. 
 Each couple will receive a full hook-up site with a $1,000 monthly stipend. Those who stay through the season will also receive a bonus incentive. Please, no phone calls. Send your resumes and photos of yourselves & your rig to: info@764crescentbeachrv.com 
 http://crescentbeachrv.com 
 
 Coloma, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 12:01:45 8575 
Camp Host Couple For Whitewater Rafting Campground 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Camp Host Needed: Whitewater Excitement, located in Northern California on South Fork American River is seeking a couple for their Camp Host position. This position is seasonal part-time that runs from mid-May to Labor Day. Pay is $1750 a month with FHU. CDL bus driving experience a plus for extra pay, but not necessary. Other non-CDL extra driving hours available as well as office/reservations help needed. Should be very computer savy for our office help. Contact: norm@128whitewaterexcitement.com - $$ 
 http://whitewaterexcitement.com 
 
 Kinards, SC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 08:05:34 8696 
Looking For Healthy, Happy Couples 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Centrally located in the middle of everywhere is the best way to describe our 42-site, wooded journey campground. (The air really is sweet here!) Nestled on 19 acres in South Carolina, you'll find us less than half of a mile off Exit 60 on Interstate I-26. On your days off together, feel free to explore this great state by fishing in Lake Murray or Greenwood, hiking in Sumter National Forest, or catching a show at the Newberry Opera House. (It ain't really opera.) If you prefer eclectic restaurants, museums, and history, were within an hours drive of Columbia, Spartanburg, and Greenville. Plus, Myrtle Beach is only 3 hours away, so its easy to have a beach day. We're preparing for a great summer, and we need two healthy couples who are looking for a little hard work and a lotta good fun. 
 For 28 hours (combined time) a week, we'll ask you to help us by cleaning bathrooms and our cabin and keeping the grounds neat by mowing the lawn and weed whacking. We also have one office/store position available to help us book reservations and keep the campground running smoothly. 
In return, you'll receive an RV site with full hook-ups (including paid electricity) and a monthly allowance for firewood, laundry, and propane. Plus, cash bonuses for superior team work! Did we mention we have speedy Wi-Fi, a saltwater pool, and a dog park? We're excited to meet y'all, so please check out our website. Then, send us your resume to newberrysc@349koa.com. We're looking to hire one couple as soon as possible, and another couple in either March or April. Positions are for 3 months, 6 months, or 9 months. 
 https://koa.com/campgrounds/newberry-sc 
 
 Leggett, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 16:49:53 5292 
The California Redwoods 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
A few sets of positions are still available for this upcoming summer season. Enjoy the beautiful weather in northern California, heart of the Redwoods. Part-time positions, 30-35 hours a week. Store/reservations, janitorial, maintenance, bar & food service. FHU site and $13 for all hours worked, free Wi-Fi, TV on satellite, free laundry, bar, store and resort discounts. Close to many tourist attractions and just over an hours drive to the beach. This is a family friendly resort with private access to the Eel river. We have many returning guests and must have staff with friendly attitude. We are looking for fun, energetic couples that enjoy being part of a team and all that encompasses, not looking for any drama here. Check out our Facebook page. Please email resume with photos of you and your rig to: redwoodsriverresort@130gmail.com. $$$. I will contact you back for phone interviews to go over positions more in depth. 
 http://www.redwoodriverresort.com 
 
 
 
 Cochran, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 15:04:16 7331 
Office Help / Housekeeping / Misc 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Hillside Family RV Park is looking for an experienced, honest, hard-working and outgoing couple or single person. Approximately 20-25 hours per week in exchange for a FHU site (Water, sewer, electric), laundry stipend, propane at cost and access to all the amenities. Duties might include but not limited to: 
- Greeting/assisting our guests 
- Housekeeping duties 
- Answering phones/light office work 
- Other light duty chores that may come up 
- Some computer knowledge is preferred. 
We use Campground Master for our reservation system. 
If interested in becoming the newest member(s) of our team please email your resume with references, contact information including phone number, and photos of your family and your rig to hillsidefamilycampground@364gmail.com 
 http://hillsidefamilycampground.com 
 
 Jamestown, KY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 14:14:49 4374 
Visitor Center Volunteers Needed At Wolf Creek NFH 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Office Help, Retail, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Now hiring for April-December 2022 
A fun, exciting opportunity awaits you in the Bluegrass State. Be part of the volunteer team with the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service at Wolf Creek National Fish Hatchery (see http://www.fws.gov/wolfcreek ) 
Visitor/Environmental Education Center! We are seeking volunteers to staff our center and assist in outreach activities. Now hiring for April-December 2022. Minimum 3 month commitment. 
 Duties include: meeting/greeting the public; answering questions; fielding phone calls; performing majority of cleaning (including Center restrooms) and minor maintenance; leading tours and helping with field trips; caring for education animals; assisting in day-to-day operation of Center gift shop; stocking/tracking/ordering brochures; helping to plan special events, workshops and other outreach programs. 
 Volunteers receive a free deluxe campsite with water, electric, sewer, laundry facilities, uniforms, and limited Wi-Fi. Propane available during winter months. Hours are 18-27 hours/person/week (couple) 32 hours (individual). Apply on volunteer.gov or contact James Gray at james_gray@286fws.gov 
 https://www.volunteer.gov/s 
 
 Columbia, TN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 12:30:34 8403 
Office Help / Housekeeping Needed Near Nashville, TN 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Quiet campground 35 miles south of Nashville. Limited office traffic due to online/contactless check-in and reservations. Were seeking 2 friendly, able-bodied couples for 2 different positions. One couple primarily for Saturdays/Sundays starting March 2021. The second couple primarily for Monday-Friday starting April. There may be some overlap with the positions. 6 month commitment for either position. Main duties would normally include cleaning 3 rustic cabins, laundry room and the bathhouse, pumping propane, some guest services, and handling reservations on Campspot, VRBO and AirBNB. Usually one person covers office while the other does housekeeping of facilities and grounds and other maintenance projects. Bathhouses are currently only open to cabin guests and cabins are being rented 24 hours apart due to covid precautions. We'd train you on how to pump propane, if needed. Basic/Intermediate computer proficiency a must. We're offering a full hookup site plus electric, propane, Wi-Fi and free laundry in exchange for 20 hours per week total per couple. Anything over 20 hours is at $10/hour, up to 40 hours paid out per week total. Both positions will monitor emergency/after hours phone overnight on days worked and either address situations or dispatch maintenance for emergencies and will be paid accordingly. Campers RV Park, Columbia, TN 
campersrvworkamper@413gmail.com or call: 931-381-4112 
 http://www.campersrvtn.com 
 
 West Yellowstone, MT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 10:52:09 6944 
Couples Needed In West Yellowstone 
 Job Duties:           Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are looking for couples who want to work in one of the most beautiful places in the country. We have openings for couples in our gift stores, The Cradleboard and Dancing Moose Gifts beginning in May. Duties include retail sales and customer service, pricing and restocking merchandise and light cleaning. 40 hrs. Per week each. $9.50 per hour each with a FHU, 50 amp RV site included with your employment and an end of summer bonus of $4.00 per person, for each day worked. We need you until the 3rd weekend in October, but the end date is negotiable. Please email resume to: cradleboard@192live.com, preinsch10@192gmail.com, or call Jennifer Reinsch (406) 646-9577. 
 
 Los Gatos, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-07 22:35:42 8769 
Range Safety Officer 
 Job Duties:           Security 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
California gun range in the Santa Cruz Mountains, surrounded by Castle Rock State Park, we are looking for a couple that would be range safety officers, gun knowledge is helpful but not required, full training is provided. You would both be able to stand and/or walk for a 8 hour day, be able to lift up to 50lb, self-starters, be able to be on a PA system, and willing to follow and enforce the ranges rules, work four days a week from 8:30 to close. There will be some maintenance work on off days looking to have a couple start at the end of January and a 2nd couple to start near the end of March. Full hook up and all hours paid starting at 13.00 an hour to start, minimum 6-month commitment, limited cell service shared landline provided and limited Wi-Fi available. Please send resume to rangemaster@641largc.com also visit our website. 
 http://www.losaltosrodandgunclub.com 
 
 
 
 Seward, AK   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-07 20:10:22 8768 
Seward Campground Host 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
As a Volunteer campground hosts, you serve as the departments on-site representative. You ensure that campers have an amazing experience throughout their stay by providing exceptional customer service, including checking campers in, acting as a local informational guide, and maintaining facilities. You monitor the premises, inform guests of campground rules and regulations, and report violations to Seward Parks & Recreation (spr) staff and/or the Seward Police Department (spd). 
 Benefits 
- Free assigned campsite in one of our beautiful campgrounds! 
- $2/day per host (max 2). Paid monthly upon receipt of invoice. Alternatively, $50 bonus for submitting 1 invoice for the whole summer. 
 Duties & Responsibilities: 
- Host Time Commitment: Minimum must be available 24 hours to 35 per hours per week for at least 1 month, including most weekends and all holidays. Work period is June 1 September 15. 
- Create a welcoming environment by assisting campers with check-in, e.G., Locating a site. 
- Provide campers information about the local area and connect them to relevant resources. 
- Check, clean, and restock campground facilities. Report maintenance issues. 
- Post your on-site availability publicly and be available as posted. 
- Notify spr staff of significant issues, e.G., Safety, security, maintenance, complaints, etc. 
- Inform visitors of rules and regulations. Report violations to spr staff and/or the spd. 
- Maintain an alcohol- free campsite, per campgrounds regulations and City Code. 
 Schedule: 
- Morning (8AMish) Afternoon (2PMish) and Evening (8PMish) patrol 
- Conduct walk through of campground. 
- Pick up trash around campsites, picnic tables and fire rings. 
- Check bathrooms and perform spot clean. Report maintenance issues. 
- Be available to answer questions, give directions, and assist campers. 
- Document work hours and submit to spr staff. 
- In the event of an afterhours issue, e.G., Unruly guest, contact the Seward Police Department. 
 Issued Equipment: 
- Free assigned campsite 
- Duty hat and shirt or sweater 
- Host Sign 
- Informational handouts for guests 
 How to apply: 
Visit the link below and complete the Host Application. Please forward completed and signed applications to awillhite@392cityofseward.net 
 https://www.cityofseward.us/departments/parks-recreation/campgrounds/campground-host 
 
 Bailey, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-07 01:51:03 8767 
Buffalo Campground 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Buffalo campground in Pike National forest in beautiful Colorado. Looking for energetic customer friendly couple to host. Duties would include greeting campers, putting out reservations, cleaning fire pits and vault toilets, selling firewood, collecting fees and filling out daily and weekly reports. 35 hours each per week paid at $12.32 an hour,2 days off per week,must work weekends and holidays. Site is included but no hookups,we furnish generator if needed and fuel allotment plus deliver water. Contact rhorrell@755rockymountainrec.com 
 
 Silver Springs, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 15:39:10 2007 
Wilderness RV Resort - Work Campers Starting Now 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
The Wilderness RV Resort in Silver Springs Florida is looking for work camper(s) starting as soon as possible. We are looking for a couple/single who can escort guests to their sites, help with various cleaning duties and miscellaneous help around the resort. 
 We will expect a maximum of 24 hours of work per week. The work is spread out throughout the week. We can work with you to make sure that you do have at least two full days off a week. 24 hours a week work will pay for your Full Hook up, 30 & 50 amp RV Site with Cable (electricity not included) as well as give you access to the pool, hot tub, lodge, game room, laundry facility and bath house as well as full enjoyment of our many activities. We do not have paid work at this time. 
 We are an adult community situated on the Ocklawaha River in Silver Springs Florida. We are located 4 miles from the local Wal-Mart and 12 miles east of Interstate 75. We are a friendly and busy park with a good community, full time activities, and an onsite restaurant and store. Please call us at 352-625-1122 or email at reservations@433wildernessrvparkestates.com 
 http://www.wildernessrvparkestates.com 
 
 Platte City, MO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 13:47:08 8559 
Basswood Resort - Seeking Seasonal Position For 2021 
 Job Duties:           Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Basswood Resort is currently seeking a workcamper for Groundskeeping and Reservationist. This is a seasonal position starting May 1st - October 2021. Responsibilities will include: 
Groundskeeping 
- Landscaping: mowing, trimming, pruning, weeding, etc. 
- Making the Park look presentable 
- Planting, watering & upkeeping Flowers / Bushes ect. 
- Face to face guest interaction 
- Always present yourself in a friendly professional manner to all guest, venders and coworkers 
- Work closely with park management 
- All other task to be assigned 
 Reservationist 
- Cashiering/ Stocking Shelves/ Taking Inventory 
- Taking reservations using a computer base reservation system 
- Cash handling and reporting 
- Phone and face to face guest interaction 
- Housekeeping required within the reservations, office, and store 
- Always present yourself in a friendly professional manner to all guest, vendors, and coworkers 
- Work closely with park management 
- All other task to be assigned 
 Compensation includes a full hook up site w/ Wi-Fi and cable. All hours worked over 12 hours per week will be at a rate of $11 hour. 
About Basswood Resort: 
Basswood Country Inn and destination RV Resort in Platte City, Missouri, about 20 miles north of Kansas City, offers 155 full hook-up sites with 30 / 50 amp electric, water, sewer, cable TV, Wi-Fi and much more. You can also stay in one of several furnished cabins and lodges. Amenities and attractions include our Outdoor Theater, a pizza parlor, a country store, walking trails, themed weekends, an outdoor swimming pool and much more. srowe@387ivee.com 
 https://basswoodresort.com 
 
 Show Low, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 12:40:33 7314 
Workamper Couples Need For Summer 2021 In White Mountain Az 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
1 Couple needed. Spend your summers IN the cool white mountains OF Arizona, Show Low, A. If you enjoy biking, fishing, hiking, golfing, ATV riding, then this is the place for you. We are seeking Mature Workamper Couples for the 2020 summer season at Juniper Ridge RV Resort a 55+ retirement community, located in the White Mtns of AZ. Must be fun loving, good natured & professional individuals who will have casual interactions with our residents and guests. This position is from May 15th through September 30th, 2020. This position has a work schedule of 25 hours per couple with 2 days off each week. 
 Our Resort is setup with dedicated host RV sites which includes a concrete patio, water, electric, and sewer for your use during your stay in our resort. Host duties include assisting the Activities Office with set up and breakdown of tables/chairs for events, covering and uncovering of swimming pool, light housekeeping and maintenance duties, assist with setup/breakdown of tables/chairs as well as preparation and set up/cleanup of coffee for Monday Coffee event. Clean up of Patio after events, trash removal. Other duties could include posting of flyers/posters for upcoming events and policing the activities bulletin boards. Other duties as assigned. This position requires some morning, afternoon and evening work schedules, so a flexible work schedule is required. This position reports to the Assistant General Manager and Activities Director. You may visit our website to see our beautiful resort. We will be accepting applications until January 15th, 2020. Email resume to gbushnell@891hoamco.com 
 https://juniperridgeresort.com 
 
 
 Moab, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 12:11:55 5731 
Magnificent Views Of The Red Rocks 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Make us your headquarters as you explore the adventure Capital of the West. We are located 15 minutes from Arches National Park, and conveniently located to both Dead Horse State Park & Canyonlands National Park! Moab's year-round access to thousands of square miles of amazing red rock landscapes, along with the cool waters of the Colorado River, has made it one of the most sought-after outdoor recreation destinations in the American Southwest. Whether you're into Jeeping, ATV-ing, hiking, fishing, cycling - Moab has it all! 
 We currently have 2021 team positions available in Housekeeping, Front Desk, and Maintenance. We pay for all hours worked - most positions are 40 hours/week. Housekeeping daily bonus available. End of commitment bonus available. 
 We are looking for those available to work short commitments (February - June, May - August, July - October) and the ability to extend longer can be discussed. 
 Site rent is $40.27/pay period per person for a couple, or $80.55/pay period for a single and includes a 50/30amp Full-Hookup site with utilities. 20% discount on store items and propane. 
 Our KOA is open through November 1st and features 22 Rustic Cabins, 26 Deluxe Cabins, Pull-Through and Back-In sites, as well as tent sites. Wi-Fi, 24-hour laundry (new!), General Store, and propane on-site. Also new as of 2018 - Resort style swimming pool and hot tub! Enjoy magnificent views of the red rocks and La Sal Mountains! If interested please send me an email: dtuzi@301koa.net 
 http://www.moabkoa.com 
 
 Harrodsburg, KY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 12:07:48 8765 
Cummins Ferry RV Park + Campground In Central Kentucky 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Beautiful cummins ferry resort needs someone like you! You'll be so stunned by the beauty of our RV Resort and Campground, that our first two weeks will be spent reminding you that you're actually working! Seriously this place is beyond gorgeous! Nestled on 58 acres alongside the limestone Palisades of the Kentucky River, the only things nicer are the guests we serve, followed closely by the park owners! Hahaha. 
 front line Must be: 
- computer fluent 
- Must have 1+ year online reservation experience (Campspot a plus) 
- Be fun-loving hard-working and experienced Camp Host couple (1+ year experience as full-time work campers) where one is fun-loving and the other is hard-working for: 
- Maintenance, mowing + pool. 
Not a couple? Not a problem. If you fill either need, you'll definitely be considered. Ultimately, were looking for four people two worker-bees and two keep-the-guests-smiling-bees. 
 what you will DO: 
Although a High percentage of our bookings are online with CampSpot, we do need someone in the office most of the day. 
- Retail sales 
- Answering phone 
- Helping guests book 
- Checking people in and out 
- Helping walk-in guests who want to see the sites before booking. 
You'll be here and there, out and about being an Ambassador for our Resort and the Area, making people feel welcome and absorbing natures vitamin D that's what were all about. 
 what you can DO 
When you're not on duty, you can play at the Kentucky River Palisades, hike around and take your fishing pole if you wish. Wanna get a little further away? That's OK and we encourage that (so you can tell our guests about all the great nearby experiences!). Take a short drive to Harrodsburg, the oldest European settlement east of the Alleghenies. Explore Kentucky Bourbon Trail you're right in the heart of it! Or, take a day to visit the many horse farms in this beautiful chunk of heaven. That's just for starters! 
 what you'll get 
Once we've both agree that you're a fit, well discuss our expectations salary or Full Hook-up site or both! Pick your site, park your rig, get the keys to the golf cart and off you go! Send resume and pics of your rig to cindy@538cumminsferry.com 
 http://CumminsFerry.com 
 
 Mancos, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-06 11:19:46 5921 
Mountain Cabin And RV Resort In Colorado 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Echo Basin Resort is a seasonal resort that operates May through October. We could really use your skills, and willingness to work, for the upcoming season. We rely on our Workampers for all the various duties required to operate a busy Cabin and RV Resort. At this time we are seeking hard working and honest individuals for laundry and housekeeping. Workampers commit to 25 hours of work per week in exchange for their full-hook-up RV site. Additional hours worked can be applied towards; compensation if authorized, store merchandise, meals, cabin rental, and RV site rental. 
 Most of our Workamper couples share in the hours to meet the 25 hours required for their FHU site. Working the same days is also possible for couples that share the hourly obligation. We also accept singles. Workampers can arrive in April and can stay as late as November. At the beginning of May we begin preparing the resort for our summer guests. We encourage and prefer you stay the entire season but you are not obligated to arrive then or stay for the entire summer if you must leave. 
 Working together as a team; we get the job done, and assist our multitudes of guests. If you are committed to joining us, please give us a call. We would be honored to have you participate in our 2021 season Workamper program and look forward to hearing from you. You can contact Tom at 970-533-7000 or Bill at 520-940-3822 for further details. You can send resumes to echobasincolorado@930gmail.com 
 http://www.echobasin.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 19:23:28 6448 
2021 Couple Camp Staff Positions Next To Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Manager or Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hi-Road Campground is part of the serene refuge of Zion Mountain Ranch located only mile away from the east gate of Zion National Park. Our campground services tents and RVs'. We need staff to provide a safe drug-free environment for our guests while providing an experience they will come back for, thus providing a functional, clean, and relaxing environment for anyone who stays with us. 
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
- Campground Staff will have responsibilities with either office work and/or maintenance. 
- Office staff will be expected to greet and assist guests, answer questions, explain regulations, help guests locate sites, manage reservations, and clean bathrooms 
- Maintenance will monitor campground, do light maintenance work around the campground, litter pickup, and help clean and stocking of restrooms. 
 Skills: 
- Must be able to reside in own RV onsite. 
- Drug-free. 
- A valid driver's license. 
- Physically able to perform any physical work inside and outside. 
- Ability to work efficiently and effectively with little supervision. 
- Excellent communication and customer service skills 
- Basic writing and computer skills. 
- Must be Flexible, willing to work weekends and holidays. 
- Must be able to make a minimum 3 month commitment. 
- Enjoy meeting, talking with, and helping people from all over the world. 
 Benefits: Our employees have the amazing opportunity to work next door to Zion National Park and Southern Utah in general. We also provide full hook-ups and use of utilities at no charge for the duration of the term of service. Wage is $10.50/Hr. Please email your resume to e.mclaws@308zmr.com 
 
 Gatlinburg, TN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 13:22:42 8486 
Smoky Bear Campground In The Great Smoky Mountains 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are a family owned and operated campground in Gatlinburg Tennessee looking for two couples to do light maintenance and cleaning in exchange for a full hookup site. Please send resume to smokybearcampground@125gmail.com 
 http://www.smokybearcampground.com 
 
 
 Lake Jackson, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 12:14:02 4277 
Gulf Coast Bird Observatory 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
The Gulf Coast Bird Observatory is seeking energetic, friendly, outgoing RV hosts to assist in all aspects of the bird sanctuary. Our 34-acre site in Lake Jackson, Texas, lies on Buffalo Camp Bayou, and is adjacent to Wilderness Park and the Wilderness Golf Course. Ample shopping, dining, and entertainment are within 5 minutes. Previous RV host experience strongly preferred, but not required. Birders and nature lovers a plus. Couples encouraged. GCBO is open to the visiting public year round. RV hosts should expect to work about 28hrs per week combined as a couple. Next opening starts on Apr 1, 2022, and is open for short or long term. 
 RV Volunteers are a vital part of the sanctuary operation. As RV volunteers, your duties will include grounds maintenance and gardening, light building maintenance, nature store sales, and light cleaning of office building, at times opening and closing facilities, helping with events, maybe greeting visitors, and possibly helping field biologist in the field depending on experience. RV hosts will be provided with a full hook-up campsite (Water/Sewer/Electric 30/50 amp), laundry facility (cold water only), and free Wi-Fi. Criminal Background Checks may be required. 
 You can find our RV Volunteer application on our website at the link below. To apply please send in the online application along with a bio by email to: mhagne@654gcbo.org 
For more information about RV volunteering contact the Volunteer Coordinator by email at mhagne@654gcbo.org and visit http://www.gcbo.org 
Thank you! 
 http://www.gcbo.org/connect/rv-volunteer 
 
 Sinclair, WY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 10:49:21 7475 
Workampers Needed For 2021 Summer Season 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Activities, Office Help, Manager or Assistant, Retail, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are a small convenience store, restaurant and campground. We are located at Seminoe Reservoir at the Seminoe Boat Club. The boat club is a small community of snow birds and weekenders. We are private but are open to the public for camping, boat ramp and events. This is a perfect place for boating, walleye and trout fishing, trail riding and socializing with our friendly locals and regulars. The closest town to restock and unwind is Rawlins about 30 miles away. 
 We are looking for a friendly and personable couple team to work inside the store/ cafe. You would be working together on the closing shift. We would require at least 1 person to have cooking experience. You will be required to have your own self contained camper and transportation to town. Well Behaved pets are welcomed. 
 Duties include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Cooking, prepping, cleaning, organizing and maintaining kitchen. 
 Taking orders, serving and bussing 
 Stocking, facing, cleaning and maintaining store 
 Cashiering, Fishing licenses, Charge accounts and check-ins 
 Helping customers with firewood, ice, propane and fuel. 
 
 You will be contracted for end of April thru mid September. Both of your hours combined will be 36-46 hrs per week Thurs-Sun, for holidays 56-69 hrs per week Thurs-Mon. You will be paid a salary bi-weekly. There is an end of season bonus of at least $500. In addition to your salary and bonus, you will get a FHU site, tips, yearly fishing licenses, Wi-Fi, onsite laundry and store discount. rc.04@174yahoo.com 
 
 Florence, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 20:40:58 8763 
Membership Specialist Needed At South Jetty! 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Els is looking for an enthusiastic and collaborative Membership Specialist to join our Thousand Trails team. The Membership Specialist will be selling RV vacations to current members and RVers traveling the country. The Membership Specialist is responsible for meeting membership sales targets and acts as a Goodwill Ambassador to potential customers to communicate the benefits of membership. This role provides education and builds awareness of the various membership products. This is a good opportunity for RVers and non-RVers with sales experience. 
 Job Duties (training will be provided): 
- To implement membership awareness at the campground through welcome calls/emails, camp-ins, educational workshops, events, marketing materials, and other promotional methods. 
- Identify prospects for membership and move through sales cycle by following steps of sales process. 
- The Membership Specialist understands and can provide expert information on the new membership products. 
- Utilize SalesForce reservation views to identify incoming guests for potential memberships. 
- Contact incoming guests to welcome to park and introduce self as membership specialist. 
- Work with park staff to handout membership materials at check-in. 
- Attend park events and Manager meetings. 
- Set appointments for membership presentation. 
- Give effective sales presentations to interested guests. 
- Participate in regional RV Shows to generate additional incremental business. 
- Promotes Ambassador Program at park and engages with staff to encourage, reward, and recognize staff referral leads. 
- The Membership Specialist is responsible for writing and managing membership contracts for new members. 
- Work week is Thursday through Monday from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM. 
 Requirements: 
- Basic computer skills and proficient in Microsoft Word programs, Office 365, Email, and cloud-based software sales programs. 
- Professional behavior and appearance. 
- Excellent communicator on phone, via email, and in-person. 
- Customer oriented hospitality skills. 
- Highly organized and detail oriented. 
- Self motivator and able to manage several different tasks at a time. 
 What do you get from us? 
In return for your excellent skills and abilities, we provide a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision plans; a generous 401k employer match; and paid vacations, holidays, and sick time. We welcome and thank all applicants. Apply at link below. EOE jacobi_jacobs@972equitylifestyle.com 
 http://bit.ly/3neRDz2 
 
 Orange Beach, AL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 20:26:10 8762 
Work Campers Needed 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Have an immediate need for a set of work campers starting ASAP and working at minimum till August. Buena Vista Coastal RV Resort is located in Orange beach, AL. Duties will include reservationist and basic grounds keeping. Must be able to handle warm temperatures because at times it will reach 100 degrees with 100% humidity. Lot space included and couple will work at least 24 hours 12/12 per week. Above the 12/12 will be payed 15.00 a hour. Must have a Class A or super C motor coach. jim@734rvresortmanagement.com 
 http://www.buenavistarvresort.com 
 
 TX   USA        2021-01-04 17:26:18 8760 
Looking For Capable Couple To Live Onsite And Manage 30sites 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Tin Valley Retro Rentals is a creative, unique desert experience for all of its guests. We are looking for a full time couple to manage grounds while owner is away. Job requirements include housekeeping, maintenance, and genuine hospitality shown to our guests. We have several sites from Full electric RV's with full amenities, to campsites and 30amp RV hook ups. To our famous Spinning Cuddle Bug Campsite. The Job includes tiny house, electric, gas, water, phone, and internet. Contact us at tinvalleyretrorentals@172gmail.com 
 http://tinvalleyretrorentals.com 
 
 Warrens, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 16:39:55 8759 
Are You Looking For Summer 2021 Work? 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Gate Guard, Security, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
2018 Central Region Campground of the Year Jellystone Park Resort in Warrens, WI, wants you! One of Jellystone's largest, award-winning, full-service, and amenity-packed camp resorts in Warrens, Wisconsin, is seeking applicants for Camp Store, Restaurant, Housekeeping, Maintenance, Grounds, Pool/Water Park Maintenance, Golf Cart Shack, Office Staff and Courtesy Patrol. Seasonal compensation will include a full hookup site with electric, propane at cost, cable TV, laundry compensation and uniform shirts in exchange for 12 hours per couple. We pay by direct deposit or funds added to your debit card every two weeks. Check us out on Facebook and at our website. Send inquiries to: greg@298jellystonewarrens.com 
 http://jellystonewarrens.com 
 
 Florence, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 15:37:41 6196 
Oregon Coast 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Retail, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Heceta Beach RV Park in Florence Oregon is looking for a couple for the 2021 season. Located .2 tenths of a mile (5 min. Walk) to the beach. Hear the Ocean from your site. 
Job Duties: Maintenance, Office/Store Landscaping - Lawn mowing, weeding and trimming/pruning. 
Campground - General maintenance. Plumbing, Electrical, Light construction & mechanical repair/maintenance. 
Office/Store - Answering phones, taking reservations, check-in, ordering, sales and stocking. 
Site - Full hook-up site. Full bathhouse, free laundry, propane 10% above cost. 15% discount in store. Wi-Fi included. Site in exchange for 6.5hrs per person, per week. 
Pay - All hours (after 6.5hrs per person, per week) paid. Approx 35-40 per person per week. Start April 2021 to Nov 2021. Email resume and pic of yourselves and RV to mikedeheus1@886gmail.com 
 http://www.hecetabeachrvpark.com 
 
 Egg Harbor, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 15:01:05 7264 
Spend Your Summer In Beautiful Door County Wisconsin 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Security 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Looking for fun energetic couple to help our team in 2021. Work and play in beautiful Door County, which is known as the Cape Cod of the Midwest. Looking for office help, cleaning of baths and rental A-frames and Cabins. Quiet hours. Site prep and escorting customers to site. Delivering firewood and ice. No two days are ever the same!! You would need to work 10 hours as a couple and receive compensation after the 10 hours worked. Season would be end of April to the end of October. 
eggharborcampground@789gmail.com 
 http://eggharborcampground.com 
 
 Murdo, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 13:53:54 8026 
1880 Town Attraction Needs Couples 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Retail, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
May-Sept. 2020. Cashiers, sales, tickets, gift shop, costume shop, train diner help, housekeepers, maintenance, carpenter. Non-smokers please. Wages, RV parking provided. W/E/S. Send resume & photo: 1880 Town, Box 507, Murdo, SD 57559. Email original1880town@570gmail.com 
 
 Winona, MN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 13:10:20 8632 
Work From Your Campersite! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Work from your camper! Prairie Island Campground in Winona Minnesota is looking for 2 volunteer campground hosts for the 2021 camping season. Situated directly on the banks of the Mississippi River the campground is a great place to get up close with nature. Fishing, Boating, Swimming, Hiking, Paddling, and Bird watching are just a few of the things you can take in. Winona is a festival town so there is no shortage of great cultural events to attend. The campground hosts a free summer music concert series, has an 18 hole frisbee golf course, beach, boat launch, a dog park, and much more. 
 We operate April 15* - Oct 31 weather and conditions pending. As camp host you will be required to be the direct campground contact 1-1/2 days per week. Hosts are on duty Sunday-Thursday. Campground managers are available 24/7 as needed and take over Friday-Saturday during the busy weekends. While on duty you will be responsible for the following: 
- Answering the phone from your site or the office. 
- Working with the online management and reservation system. (ResNexus) 
- Greeting and checking in guests as they arrive. 
- Creating new reservations for those who prefer making them via the phone or in person. 
- Staffing the office/store as needed during your work days. (0-5 hours) 
- Delivering the occasional load of firewood using the campground utility golf cart. 
- Work one of the three major Holidays as needed and during Boats and Bluegrass Music Festival the last weekend of Sept. 
 In exchange for being a volunteer camp host you will receive one site (value $589/month) with 30/50amp electric and water, one full load of firewood per week, free access to our paddle sport and bike fleet, and 25% off all store items. You will also receive 2 passes to Boats and Bluegrass music festival ($390 value). Www.Boatsandbluegrass.com 
There is opportunity for 5-20 hours per week of paid employment at $11-$13/hour. Preference will be given to applicants who possess the following skills and experience: 
- Prior experience as a camp host, and especially as a host at a City, State, or Federal campground. 
- Experience operating an online management and reservation system. (Example: ResNexus) 
- Proficient use of Google gmail, sheets, and docs. 
- Those who are available for the entire season. (April 15 - Oct 31) 
 To apply just email info@622prairieislandcampground.com and request application information. Take care, be well, and as always, today is a great day to have a great day! 
 http://www.prairieislandcampground.com 
 
 Rapid City, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 13:09:33 7140 
Come And Join Us In 2021 In The Beautiful Black Hills 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Manager or Assistant, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are looking for several upbeat work camping couples who are self-starters to work at American Buffalo Resort in the Black Hills of South Dakota. The positions would run from April 2021 through September 2021. We are offering a 50 Amp FHU site plus salary ($12-$15 per hour each depending on experience) & are looking for workers who are physically active & are available to work between 30-40 hours each per week (5-day week). 
 The following positions are available: 
**Office Work: 
- Taking phone reservations. (Reservation software experience) 
- Phone & computer experience a must. 
- Checking guests in. 
- Retail sales. 
- Cleaning the office. 
- Help with stocking the store. 
- Bagging ice. 
- Cabin checks. (Checking cabins for cleanliness just before check-in time). 
- Customer service - Must have experience dealing with customers. 
- Very busy office environment must be capable of multi-tasking. 
 **Housekeeping/Kitchen: 
- Cleaning Cabins. 
- Cleaning public bathrooms/laundry rooms. 
- Laundry. 
- Helping in breakfast kitchen either cooking, cash till or cleaning tables. 
 **Grounds keeping: 
- Mowing. 
- Weed eating. 
- Tree trimming. 
- Staining. 
- Miscellaneous maintenance tasks. 
- Cleaning sites between guests. 
- Leading guests to their sites. (Must be experienced RV leaders. We have wooded sites that are not cookie cutter) 
- Pool experience a plus. 
- Must be able to lift 50 pounds on a regular basis. 
 **Heavy Equipment Operator: 
- Must have extensive experience with dozers, skid steers and back-hoes. 
 **Carpenter: 
- Extensive experience with carpentry (decking/fencing). 
- Masonry experience a plus. 
 Our opening hours are 8am to 9pm, with pool closing at 10pm. We work a rotational schedule. We offer a competitive salary and good work environment. If interested, please email: ann@234americanbuffaloresort.com 
 http://www.americanbuffaloresort.com 
 
 Any   USA        2021-01-04 11:02:24 8603 
Spend Your Summer Or Winter Working In A National Park! 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Retail 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
Join a team of other people with the same passion and serve God this season in one of the most beautiful spots in the country. Once you apply and are selected to serve with ACMNP, we help you secure employment in the park you have been intentionally placed in. We are not the employer, but a non-profit ministry that connects our team members to jobs within national park concessionaires. Typically, our teams work in fast-paced hospitality-type jobs in the heart of a national park in order to provide relational ministry to those far from any Christian community. Our teams provide worship services for those who visit, work, and live in national parks. Apply today, or reach out with questions, as our national staff waits to help inspire your new adventure and find the best fit for you this season! Email us at info@555acmnp.com or call us at 303-220-2808. 
 http://www.acmnp.com 
 
 Fredericksburg, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 10:58:04 7904 
Workampers Wanted!! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Office Help, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Are you looking to spend some time in the Texas Hill Country?! We here at twc are looking for friendly, dependable staff members who want to be part of a great team! Each available position requires 20 hours a week. Those hours will cover your site fee, Water, Sewer, first $100 of electric, 21 Free Cable Channels, and access to all our amenities, & activities. Have questions? Give us a call at 830-990-2267. To apply send resumes to twcjellystone@386gmail.com! We look forward to hearing from you! 
 http://www.twcjellystone.com 
 
 Salinas, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 10:33:15 8371 
Live-On Volunteer 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Live-On Host Volunteer Laguna Seca Recreation Area 
Our facility has 78 170 campsites available year-round with an additional 300+ campsites open during select special events. Our campgrounds are split between sites with partial hook-ups (30 amp electricity & non-potable water) and traditional dry sites. This position is available for single applicants and couples who embrace RV living and are committed to providing a positive guest experience to our campers. This is a non-paid, volunteer position. Volunteers are provided with a campsite, for the duration of their service, equipped with electricity (30 amp), non-potable water and sewage hook-ups. Volunteers will work in the Entry Station or with Facilities. Entry Station is open daily. 
 Job Requirements: Applicants must possess their own RV (Motorhome or Trailer) and valid drivers license. Applicants are also required to pass a background check. As a Live-On Volunteer, you will be expected to volunteer a minimum of 20 hours per week for singles, 40 hours per week for a couple (20 hours per person). For the job description, please email Nikki DiGirolamo at digirolamon@353laguna-seca.com 
 https://www.weathertechraceway.com 
 
 Deadwood, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 07:54:13 3606 
Come Work & Play In The Beautiful Black Hills Of Southdakota 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Come join our team at Hidden Valley Campground and Steel Wheel Campground/Trading Post located 6 miles south of historic Deadwood. We have a total of 95 campsites and 13 sleeping cabins and are seeking work and stay couples to work from May 15th- Sept 15th, 2021. As a couple, you will work together as a team for four(4)- 6 hour shifts with a 4 day on, 4 day off rotating work schedule. In exchange, you will receive a full hookup site, free Wi-Fi, and discounts. Each couple will receive 2 free VIP passes ($400.00 value) to the Black Hills main attractions. 
 Work duties will include: 
- Office duties: Checking in/out campers, making reservations, accepting payments, answering phones, and using computers and emailing. 
- Campground duties: Mowing, weed eating, cleaning campsites and cabins, minor repairs and projects related to the campground: cleaning the shower house and keeping up the campground appearance. 
We offer a shuttle van that runs our guests to/from Deadwood, so a valid driver license will be needed! Please visit our websites at hiddenvalleydeadwood.com and steelwheelcampground.com. Also, check us out on TripAdvisor.com. If interested, please contact Jason at 605-920-8901. 
Thanks, 
The Wichterman Family 
jlwichterman@894gmail.com 
 http://www.hiddenvalleydeadwood.com 
 
 Dumfries, VA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-03 18:24:09 8758 
Work With Us In The Forest! 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Prince William Forest RV Campground is Currently looking for your help for the 2021 Camping Season! Prince William Forest Park RV Campground is part of the National Forest Park. We are located approximately 20 miles South of Washington DC. We are close to Quantico, in Prince William County VA. We are a short drive to the Beautiful Shenandoah National Park. A short drive to the DC mall to view all the history in the area. 
 We are looking for self-motivated people to work maintenance and reservations. Duties starting March 1, 2021 - November 15, 2021 include but are not limited to: Phone and in person reservations, escorting guests to sites, helping with basic info about the campground and surrounding areas. Pumping Propane, store sales. Pool maintenance. Housekeeping (men's, women's bathhouse and laundry.) Delivering firewood, mowing, weed wiping, and edging, weeding, planting. Campsite cleanup and prep. Cleaning fire pits. You are required to bend, lift, push, stoop, pull. 
 We take pride in serving our guests and are looking for dedicated people to join our team. You will be provided with a 30 Amp full hook up site, max length 35, for a small fee each month. Free Laundry, discount on propane, and store items. Each part time hour worked is paid in full, WW2 (no exchange for site work.) Aprox 25-32 hours weekly. Couples share same day off. Your employer has the contract to manage the concession at the campground, you are not an employee of the National Forest. Contact Stephany at shaviland@506racpack.com for more information. Visit us on the web. 
 http://princewilliamforestrvcampground.com 
 
 Yuma, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-03 11:12:37 8595 
Well Rounded, Honest, Hard Working Work Camper Needed ASAP 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We need an couple honest, responsible, hard working maintenance and grounds keepers for our RV Park about 8 miles south of the Marine Base in Yuma, AZ. Families and under 55 are welcome. We have a brand new owner who is eager to do lots of wonder upgrades to make this park awesome. We can offer a free park rental and electric for 30 hours a week or FHU and electric for 15 hours. Any hours over will pay $12.00 an hour.. We have two jobs available.. One year round and one for the winter season,Jan.Through April. Full time needs to be available for emergencies, such as a waterline bursting, plumbing repair, electrical problems as well as working well with others doing trash, raking and leveling sites, weed eating, mowing, trimming trees and bushes,cleaning dog park, assembly and general park repair and upkeep. For more information call or send resume and refererences to, southern.mesarvpark@707gmail.com 
General Manager: Tiffaney: 928 210 4351 
Asst. Manager: Gayle: 928-271-1179 
Office: 928 726 5167 
 http://southernmesarvpark.com 
 
 Tucson, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-03 06:56:45 7803 
Staff Positions Offered At Peaceful Tucson Resort 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Both positions are perfect for RVers that would like to join our team of dedicated work campers. Solid work ethic a must. Maintenance position would be seasonal only, may work into more for the right candidate. General handyman skills a must, with knowledge and comfort using power tools. Grounds keeping is also expected. This also involves parking guests, so candidate should have general customer service skills as well. 
Also seeking a year round part time office helper that would enjoy our summer climate. Will consider seasonal help, but would prefer permanent. Seeking energetic individual, with all around people skills, phone etiquette, and detail oriented personality. Knowledge of Campground Master would be fantastic, but can train. 
Applicants should have a positive team spirited attitude. Willingness and ability to follow direction and learn greatly appreciated! 
 
 positions available spring 2021 * 
Please e-mail resume, along with pics of yourself, any pets, and rig to info@180cactuscountryrvpark.com 
Tucson is a mecca of perfect weather and plenty to do. Hiking, biking, and great places to eat! 
Please e-mail to discuss the terms of employ. Join us for flexible work scheduling, and all living expenses here covered for you. Please be sure to include phone contact info. Thank you! 
 https://www.cactuscountryrvpark.com 
 
 
 Emerson, NJ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-02 17:49:08 8756 
Looking For Manager/Office Help For Small Mobile Home Park 
 Job Duties:           Office Help, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are now looking for an individual to work as our manager and office help for a long term period of time on our beautiful lakefront park. jmacd1962@910icloud.com 
 
 Blairsville, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-02 01:50:57 8755 
Camp Host Wanted In The Beautiful North Georgia Mountains 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Seeking Camp Host for the beautiful North Georgia Mountain area. Crossing Creeks RV Resort & Spa is a luxury resort nestled in the Appalachian Mountains. Crossing Creeks RV is an owners Resort with an hoa. We have certain restrictions regarding RVs; that being the RV must be at least 24 in length and it must be no older than 10 model years. Older units, 10 years or more, are required to submit a photo of all 4 sides to us for review. Exceptions have been made. 
 We offer a gated entry, paved roads throughout, all sites have a concrete pad, sewer hookup and have 20, 30, and 50 amp services. We also have high-speed internet and cable TV at the pedestal. We have a heated swimming pool and hot tub, a fitness center, steam and sauna rooms, and massage chairs to enjoy on your off time. We allow 2 pets per site. Vaccination records must be submitted. We like to promote a team atmosphere here. Jobs/tasks include but are not limited to housekeeping, landscaping, maintenance which requires physical labor and helping with activities at the clubhouse. We try to match camp workers with the duties they are best skilled in, however, you must be willing to perform all, and any tasks needed. A workcamper couple is required to work 20 hours (each) a week in exchange for a site. (An $2200 value per month). If you are a single work camper, 40 hours are required. The minimum requirement we ask for is a three-month commitment. A background check is required to join our team. I am currently filling positions beginning March 2021 and continuing through March 2022. 
 We like to be very upfront with everyone from the start so there are no hidden surprises. If you're still interested in joining our team, please feel free to call or email me with any questions or concerns. 
Thank you, 
Julie Radford, Property Manager 
jradford@889crossingcreeksrvresort.com 
 http://www.crossingcreeksrvresort.com 
 
 Folkston, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-02 00:25:22 8754 
Summer Help Wanted 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Okefenokee Pastimes is looking to fill summer help positions from May-Oct. We are looking for a couple of couples who will help with daily operations. Cleaning cabins, bathhouse, checking in guests and working in the front office. The position is for up to 20 hrs per week, anything over 20hrs is paid at a rate agreed upon. Most weeks will be less than 15 and you will have 2-3 weekends off per month and rotating shifts so on week closing then the next opening, that way no one is always stuck cleaning. You in turn will receive a full hook up 50 amp pull through site, Wi-Fi, purchase anything you need from the store at cost and an enjoyable laid back atmosphere at a dark park in one of the darkest spots on the east coast with phenomenal views of the night sky and a stargazing program. We are directly across the street from the Okefenokee swamp the largest and uniquely 90 feet above sea level swamp. dale_at_okefenokeepastimes@811yahoo.com 
 http://okefenokee.com 
 
 Folkston, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-01 18:13:42 7175 
Summer Staff Needed At A Quiet, Friendly Campground 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Office Help, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are looking for a couple to fill 2020/2021 winter season Jan to May due to a worker cancellation (longer or shorter will be considered) Duties are office/store/house keeping/cabin cleaning. Position is for up to 20hrs per week (hours will be less average 12hrs per week with up to 5 days off in a row and 3 weekends a month off) shifts rotate between opening and closing so cleaning duties are shared. In exchange you get FHU site (electric included) use of all campground facilities/amenities (laundry included) dedicated Wi-Fi up to 100mbps. Any hours worked over 20 will be paid at an agreed upon rate. Position is for a couple that can work together doing assigned duties. We are a quiet well structured campground, we are a dark park and provide stargazing to visitors and clubs from all over the world. Couple must be able to get along not only with themselves but with the other work campers and owners (owners live on property), be guest friendly and helpful to those guests when needed. Please send resume and you must have a decent looking RV, No Heavy drinkers please. dale_at_okefenokeepastimes@302yahoo.com 
 http://okefenokee.com 
 
 Soap Lake, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-31 18:24:20 8753 
Hospitality Workampers Superstars To Join Our Team 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Campground IN beautiful soap lake, washington. We are looking for hospitality Workampers superstars to join our team April 15- October1. Come join us on one of the most pristine mineral lakes in the world at our RV resort in Soap Lake, Washington. We pay $14 for all hours worked - most positions are 40 hours/week. Full hookup site rent is included for full-time staff including cable TV, free laundry, store discount, and discounted propane. Use of pool, hot tubes, putt putt golf and all other outdoor games and facilities. (If we can open pools etc. Due to covid-19 restrictions.) 
 Live LLA Hospitalitys values while working alongside your on-site team to accomplish the following: Maintenance of a safe, fun, clean, and family-oriented environment. Ensure that campground and its amenities are fully operational. Maximize camper-nights, registration revenue, store sales, and ancillary revenue. Maintain company standards and expectations. We are on a mission to be the most hospitable company in the world. Our Values- We put our team first: The most important hospitality we extend is to our team members. The way we treat one another sets the tone for how we treat everyone. Our team is our most important asset, and together we can accomplish anything. We make them say "wow!" 
 We are passionate and determined to wow our team members, our guests, our community, our suppliers, and our partners at every interaction. We express gratitude: We appreciate that our team members and guests have many choices, and we are grateful that they have chosen to spend their time with us. We are committed to demonstrating that by choosing us, they've made the right decision. We get better every day: We are always growing, learning, and ready to embrace and drive change. When we stumble, we admit fault and get back on our feet. We are in the constant pursuit of excellence in everything we undertake. To be a part of our awesome team and park, please submit your resume to: smokiamgm@644landleaseamerica.com Visit us online. $$$ 
 https://smokiamrvresort.com 
 
 Kingman, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-31 12:00:33 8515 
Energetic Ranch Hand At Small Alpaca Ranch 
 Job Duties:           Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Position available for energetic ranch hand to work at a 6 acre Alpaca Ranch in northern Arizona. Halfway between the Grand Canyon and Las Vegas. Duties include feeding animals, cleaning out alpaca stalls, and general upkeep of the grounds. Must be able to carry 75 LB hay bale. Position is 15 flexible hours per week in exchange for full hookup plus $210.00 every 4 weeks. Opportunity to make extra money. Must be mature person or couple who likes animals. Contract length negotiable. Non Smoker, no exception. Will consider a pet. Email picture of RV and resume to rocklook@243aol.com. We are reviewing applications now. Position available early Spring 2021. Please email your resume and picture of your RV to rocklook@243aol.com 
 http://southwestalpacatours.com 
 
 Jonesborough, TN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-31 08:28:30 7823 
Nolichucky River East Tennessee 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Work Camp position opening for a work camp couple End of March Thru November.(Minimum 4 month commitment) Looking for friendly happy people that enjoy interacting with guests and are able to complete assigned duties independently. We are a small 42 site boutique campground that's number one goal is hospitality. Knowing our guests and giving personalized service is paramount. Our FHU site in exchange for 34 hours work per couple per week.(Average 17 hours each) Must have sustainable income as there are no paid hours for this position. Duties will include greeting and escorting guests to their sites, cleaning rest rooms, cleaning and setting unique lodging, yard maintenance, reservations, check ins, retail, helping guests with site issues (ie: checking breakers, Wi-Fi instructions, cable hook up instructions) and daily needs. We all enjoy working together, come camp with us. 
 Jonesborough KOA is located in East Tennessee in the Cherokee National Forest. We are 10 miles down the road from Historic downtown Jonesborough, which is TN's oldest town. We are a small family owned 42 site campground that sits directly on the Nolichucky River which is a class 2-4 rapids destination. Hiking opportunities abound. Johnson City TN is only a 20 min drive. If interested please send resume or info about yourself, photo of your rig and tow vehicle, your pet, and yourself to riverparkcamping@679gmail.com 
 https://koa.com/campgrounds/jonesborough 
 
 Alvin, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 23:45:15 8752 
Work Camper Maintenance Tech / Cleaning Position 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
St. Ives RV Resort in Alvin, Texas is in need of a long term work camper. Individual will receive - FHU which includes water, electricity, sewer and Wi-Fi. In addition to FHU - hourly pay for 40 hours with pay ranging from $7-$10. Maintenance duties include deep cleaning of the office, restrooms with showers and laundry facilities. Completion of work orders, daily checklists submitted to the office. Must have experience with a zero turn mower, weed eater and able to lift 40lbs. Individual must possess good communication skills and know how to work as a team. Outdoor work is required, various duties and tasks as assigned - water testing (can be taught), site cleanup, meter readings and site checks. RV, electrical, plumbing and Wi-Fi knowledge. info@534stivesrvresort.com 
 
 West Yellowstone, MT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 21:14:47 4655 
Retail / Housekeeping 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
I am looking for someone who is friendly, energetic and customer oriented to fill a combo housekeeping/retail position. The retail would be a minimum 5 shifts and up to 8 shifts(5 evening shifts if single person required and an additional 3 day shifts available for a couple). The housekeeping position is for 2 vacation rental homes that average 3-4 turnovers per week. The turnover requires cleaning top to bottom and all bed linens and towels to be washed and dried. You will also be responsible for keeping the patio areas swept when needed, the flowers on the property watered and the trash containers set out once per week on pick-up day. The location is West Yellowstone, Montana. The retail position is paid hourly at $10.00 p/h and the housekeeping is a flat rate per turnover. The RV site is on the same property as the rental homes and has FHU (electric, water & sewer and Wi-Fi) this is in exchange for 12 hours per week (deduction is from the retail position). These positions are for beginning of May 2021 through October 17,2021. Please contact me at brendahev@535gmail.com for consideration and more information. 
 
 Clayton, ID   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 20:27:45 8751 
Come And Join Our Team In Remote Mountainous Idaho! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
The Sawmill Station provides a pleasant and welcoming work environment in an amazing location. We are looking for honest and conscientious workers to round out our team. If you are the type of person who enjoys mountain recreation such hiking, biking, fishing, and OHV; or if you just want to get away from city life for a while, working at the Sawmill this summer might be an enjoyable opportunity. 
 You will work in a variety of capacities across our 5 different profit centers: RV park, fuel, convenience store, bistro, and UTV rentals. Generally we cross train all of our staff to be able to handle all tasks that are necessary in the business. When fully cross trained there is a bonus in additional compensation. We provide one meal per shift, and we are able to provide an RV space with full hook up to use as necessary. Ideal candidates will have their own RV or camper. 
 Please send your resume or make inquiries to info@217thesawmillstation, or fill out the contact form on our website. We look forward to welcoming you as part of The Sawmill Station! 
 http://www.thesawmillstation.com 
 
 Modoc, IN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 19:27:04 8750 
Now Hiring Work Camper Positions In Indiana! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Gate Guard, Retail, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Now Hiring Work Camper positions! Adventure Bound Kamp Modoc is hiring for the following positions: 
Guest Services - Check-in/check-out guests, answer phones, answer questions, take reservations, and process payments. 
Courtesy Patrol - Welcome guests, check vehicle tags, monitor wrist bands, campsite escort, monitor traffic and assist with any needs of the guest. 
 Housekeeping - Clean bathroom and showers, laundry room, rental units, and out house. 
Landscaping - Picking up trash, planting, trimming, mowing, and fire pit clean-out. 
Maintenance - Electrical, construction, plumbing, painting, and general maintenance issues. 
Food Service - Line cook, food runner, prep, scoop ice cream, and dishes. 
Rental and Guest Amenities - Rent golf carts, boats, water trikes, road trikes, monitor playground, monitor lake, assist with activities, and events. 
 Each site (couple or single person) will work enough hours to cover the cost of their site & electric. (We have monthly and seasonal work camper needs) Must be able to work on your feet for up to 4 hrs. & Lift 20 lbs. We have events each week that are only possible because of our work campers & volunteers. As a member of the Adventure Bound team, we expect everyone to be flexible. All position descriptions are subject to change and hours are variable, this is to ensure our residents receive the best we experience we can offer. Work campers have access to All guest amenities and events. For campground information, visit our website. Call (765) 853-5290 or email hstewart@464abcamping.com for more information. 
 https://www.abcamping.com/kampmodoc/index.php 
 
 Alvin, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 13:57:46 8464 
Experienced Work Camper Maintenance / Cleaning Position 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
St. Ives RV Resort Alvin, TX 77511. Is looking for an experienced work camper for a Maintenance/cleaning position. Individual or couple needed for January 2021 with a 3-6 month commitment. This position requires cleaning of the office, two restrooms/showers and laundry facilities. Knowledge of a zero turn mower, weed eating and other tasks as assigned. *General knowledge of electrical, plumbing and Wi-Fi are helpful. This position requires 24 hours per week with some additional after hours help if needed, work camper(s) will receive a full hookup (electric, water, sewer and Wi-Fi) RV site. Please send your resume to info@834stivesrvresort.com 
 http://www.StIvesRVResort.com 
 
 Bridgeport, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 13:10:10 6518 
Eastern Sierra Mountains 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Several host openings for season April 2021 to October 2021: Single or Couple Hosts for campgrounds Robinson Creek, Paha, Sonora. 25 Per week at $ 11.00 hr. Also have Very Remote "Green Creek" campground (10 sites, 2 Grp Sites)at 20 hrs Per week. And Buckeye campground (67 sites) at 40 hours per week. Commitment for the season is required. 
.. Job responsibilities include, but not limited to, general campground maintenance. Yes, there are restrooms to clean!! You must have an RV (good condition) and plan to live onsite. The site has water and sewer only you will need a generator or solar, we supply a $20 allowance per week for your gen. This is a great opportunity for anyone considering work-camping or just someone who enjoys being in the mountains, meeting new people or would just like to get out of the heat for the summer. Please send/email a pic of RV and yourself. For more information, please contact Joy at joy@332westrecllc.com or cell 520-784-1200 for more information. 
 http://www.westrekservices.com 
 
 Felton, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 01:52:33 8689 
Summer 2021 Camp Host Positions (One Left) 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Cotillion Gardens RV Park, in Central California, is now hiring for the 2021 summer season, one position remaining! Do you love to work in a coastal redwood forest and be close to the beach? Do you want to gain a full experience as a camp host? Do you enjoy being appreciated for what you do? If yes, we welcome you to apply for Cotillion Gardens camp host positions. Our park resides among giant redwood trees. We provide full training. We offer good pay and benefits. We treat our staff as family and value their hard work. Must be couples with strong work ethic and responsibility. More details at the link below. Email to jobs@117cotilliongardens.com with your most updated resumes and photos of your rig and yourselves to apply. Happy Workamping! 
 https://cotilliongardens.com/jobs 
 
 Isleton, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 21:31:17 4670 
RV Park/Marina Maintenance 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Compensation is $14/hr, plus 30amp full hookup site, laundry, propane, and other benefits. We prefer one workamper that want to stay for 12 months or longer. We are a riverfront resort in California Delta between San Francisco and Sacramento. Email resume/reference to marinadeltabay@999gmail.com 
We need workampers for: 
- Maintenance and groundskeeping for RV Park/Marina 
- Duties includes light construction, dock repair, equipment repair, carpentry, plumbing, electrical. 
 http://www.deltabay.org 
 
 Bryan, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 21:15:37 8749 
Park Host Wanted - Lake Bryan 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Seeking an individual or couple to serve as a park host at Lake Bryan. This recreational park and lake is located about 10 minutes from Bryan/College Station, home of Texas A&M; University. Duties include light maintenance, grounds keeping, and customer assistance. Compensation includes full RV hookup with a large fenced yard, utilities, and a monthly stipend. mbrown@304btutilities.com 
 http://www.lakebryan.com 
 
 Eugene, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 17:39:05 8748 
Volunteer Park/Campground Host 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Lane County Parks is seeking an individual or couple to serve as Volunteer Park Hosts and Volunteer Campground Hosts. Many positions available! Hosts live in the park/campground full-time and help maintain the day to day operations. 
- Full Hook Up 
- Stipend 
- Wi-Fi / showers / laundry 
- Access to beautiful recreation site 
- Proximity to Eugene 
- Year round openings! 
 - Greet visitors, answer questions and be readily accessible to the public. 
- Represent Lane County Parks in a professional and appropriate manner at all times. 
- Assist with reservations. 
- Sell firewood, ice, annual and day Lane County Parks parking passes. 
- Perform janitorial duties grounds maintenance as assigned per frequency and schedule provided by Lane County Parks. 
- Contact park staff or law enforcement personnel if/when any emergencies or activities within the park area warrant them. 
- Provide a site security presence and notify Lane County of emergency situations. 
- Ensure site security and perform daily inspections of campsites, gates, restrooms, showers and other facilities. 
 spring & summer 2021! Pay/Wages, Single/Solo, Couple, spring '21, summer '21, Year-round. Click link below to apply. laneparks@842lanecountyor.gov 
 https://bit.ly/3nY1c6T 
 
 Mount Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 17:00:57 6559 
Spring 2021 Carpenter Wanted By Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Zion Mountain Ranch is located 3 miles from the East entrance of Zion National Park as well as within 2 hours distance from Bryce Canyon and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon. We are in the adventure hub of national parks and monuments, an experience that should not be passed. 
 We need artistic craftsmen specializing in high quality carpentry. We provide a chance to work with our onsite Timberking Sawmill, putting up siding, help in building tiny cabins, and doing small repairs to help improve our beautiful resort that neighbors Zion National Park. These are just a few examples of the projects that can be done here at the resort. The resort is big on hospitality and development. We need someone who can use their artistic and physical abilities to help shape our resort into something Zion National Park would be proud of neighboring as well as preserving land that future generations can come back to. This is not a high production position as we are looking for high quality work. It is important that we keep our location as a memorable place for our guests to remember and come back to. 
 We need help with upkeep of our current state and future projects for our returning guests to enjoy. Position requires our employees to be physically capable in doing work listed above and others if needed. There are also job opportunities available for spouse, if workcamper couple, such as receptionist, housekeeping, and kitchen work. Long term employment possible but in need of at least a minimum of 4 months. Can bring own tools or use tools provided. Position offers a flexible schedule and site with full hookups for personal RV or trailer. Hiring immediately. Also a drug-free environment. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time. Salary: $15.00 /hour. e.mclaws@171zmr.com 
 http://zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 17:00:18 8387 
Cooks Wanted Near Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Working at Zion Mountain Ranch provides a beautiful rural setting to live and work in with multiple opportunities for Southern Utah outdoor recreation in your time off. Now hiring all seasonal positions! Some Year around positions available also. Will provide full-time hours plus either housing or RV hook-ups as part of compensation along with our competitive pay. We also have other positions available as well! 
 Positive personalities and strong work ethic are required! In order to provide both guests and staff with the highest quality experience we can, we, in turn, require high standards in grooming and maintain a drug and alcohol abuse-free work and living environment. 
- Expand your understanding of how a functional farm to table restaurant operates on a day to day basis. 
- Opportunity to apply skills and techniques, and learn new ones, to help improve kitchen performance and overall quality of food production. 
- Gain experience through hands-on training of how each dish is prepared from start to finish. 
- Understand daily procedures of how to maintain a clean, efficient and friendly kitchen environment. 
- Learn how to work in a fast-paced restaurant to provide quality food for guests from across the globe. 
- Experience one of southern Utah's most exquisite guest resorts. 
- Must be able to work holidays and weekends. 
Wage is dependent on experience. Please send us your resume, the position you are interested in, and your dates of available employment to e.mclaws@593zmr.com 
 http://www.zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 17:00:00 8386 
2021 Evening Servers Wanted Near Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Greet and fulfill the wishes of our guests from around the world while they enjoy fine dining with views of our buffalo preserve. We use produce grown in our gardens and greenhouses for healthy meals. The guests of Zion Mountain Ranch tend to love their experience and good servers can make great tips! Part-time work in the farm is also an opportunity available to restaurant staff if desired. We are hiring multiple positions for both seasonal and year-round work with different start times available throughout the spring. 
 Will provide full-time hours plus either housing or RV hook-ups as part of compensation along with pay ($3.50 plus tips). Previous experience is not required, but positive personalities and strong work ethic are! In order to provide both guests and staff with the highest quality experience we can, we, in turn, require high standards in grooming and maintain a drug and alcohol abuse-free work and living environment. 
 Positive, willing, and hard-working team members are a necessity in order for us to provide our guests with the experience that they seek at our unique property. The ability to work well with other staff, flexibility, and taking directions from your supervisors is important to the integrity of the staff. Must be able to work holidays and weekends. Please send us your resume, the position you are interested in, and your dates of available employment to e.mclaws@727zmr.com 
 http://www.zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:59:38 8385 
Hotel Reservation Desk Specialist Near Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Working at Zion Mountain Ranch provides a beautiful rural setting to live and work in with multiple opportunities for Southern Utah outdoor recreation in your time off. Now hiring all seasonal positions with start dates in May! Some Year around positions available also. Will provide full-time hours plus either housing or RV hook-ups as part of compensation along with our competitive pay. We also have other positions available as well! 
 Positive personalities and strong work ethic are required! In order to provide both guests and staff with the highest quality experience we can, we, in turn, require high standards in grooming and maintain a drug and alcohol abuse-free work and living environment. 
- Tasks will include taking reservations & working with the reservation program, greeting and helping guests, and store clerking. 
- Our guests dictate your job description somewhat, and for this reason, applicants must be willing to be flexible. 
- Knowledge of Southern Utah is helpful since guests ask many questions, but not required if you are a quick learner. 
- Ability to work in hectic conditions is necessary. 
- Education and/or experience in the hospitality industry would be helpful. 
- Accuracy and attention to detail is mandatory. 
- Also looking for someone willing to do late night shifts. 
- Must be willing to work holidays and weekends. 
Wage dependent on experience. Please send us your resume, the position you are interested in, and your dates of available employment to e.mclaws@950zmr.com 
 http://www.zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:58:57 8293 
Year Round Maintenance Needed By Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Manager or Assistant, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Zion Mountain Ranch is situated 3 miles from the East gate of Zion National Park of Southern Utah. Southern Utah offers diverse recreational opportunities for your days off. Lake Powell, Zion, Bryce, and Grand Canyon National Parks are all only a few hours away. We are eager to offer guests the memory of a lifetime by providing exceptional service, an authentic ranch experience, and genuine hospitality. 
 As a General Maintenance Engineer, you would be responsible for maintaining the physical functionality and safety of the Ranch Cabins, Cordwood Restaurant, Out Buildings, and Ranch Property in a continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service and financial profitability. The ideal candidate is a self-motivated, self-leading, and self-sufficient. Specifically, you would be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards: 
- Maintain the physical functionality and safety of the facility including, but not limited to, guest cabins, public space, restaurant, and heart-of-the-house areas. 
- Respond to guest calls and team member work orders in a timely, friendly and efficient manner to assess and repair non-functioning machinery and/or equipment. 
- Perform a variety of repair and maintenance tasks including, but not limited to carpentry, plumbing, electrical work, painting, HVAC 
- Conduct inspections for preventive maintenance needs 
- Record and report completed repairs and items that require further attention 
 key responsibilities but not limited to: 
- Basic knowledge of electrical, plumbing skills, and mechanical systems. 
- Change filters 
- Clean A/C coils 
- Repair drapery tracks/curtain rods/blinds/screens/windows 
- Replace batteries TV/HVAC/Fireplace 
- Touch-up paint 
- Operates, examines, and dismantles equipment to diagnose the cause of the malfunction 
- Schedule, communicate and execute preventative maintenance 
- Replaces components, such as bearings, motors, and micro-switches 
- Assist other maintenance staff on special projects as directed by management 
- Performs all reasonable tasks and requests asked by management or ownership 
 Wages for this position are based on the experience and expertise you bring but start at $12/hour plus hookups for rig. Zion Mountain Ranch maintains high standards in grooming and congeniality. We are a drug-free establishment with periodic drug testing. e.mclaws@162zmr.com 
 http://www.zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:58:36 8109 
Groundskeeper Needed By Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Come enjoy a life on a beautiful ranch next to Zion! We are conveniently close to Zion, Bryce, North Rim of the Grand Canyon, and Lake Powell for all your recreational activities! We are looking for someone who enjoys creating and maintaining beautiful landscaping and interacting with others. Duties include irrigation maintenance, maintaining gardens, planting, weeding, mowing, trimming, minor landscape construction, interactions with guests concerning the land and current gardening projects, and harvesting. Must not be afraid to work hard. All work will be in high traffic areas, therefore work will need to be picture worthy. 
 We offer $10.50/hour and a flexible schedule. We ask for a commitment of at least 3 months and 40 hours a week. This is a drug free location. Please send your resume and a picture of yourself and rig to e.mclaws@349zmr.com 
 http://www.zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:58:13 7834 
Pizza Artisan And Retail Sales Clerk 2021 
 Job Duties:           Retail, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Work at our Retail Gift Shop/Cafe and enjoy all that Southern Utah has to offer! We are looking for retail sales clerks for our busy gift shop, cafe, and campground near Zion National Park. Applicant must be comfortable speaking to people from all over the world, Able to learn about the different products and artists represented in the store and share that information with customers, Willing to do all types of cleaning throughout the store, cafe, and campground, Lift and stock merchandise as needed, Learn the pos system well so that transactions can process quickly, Take reservations for the campground as needed, Smile a lot! A positive attitude while working hard and in hectic conditions is required! All staff are expected to maintain high standards in grooming and congeniality. We maintain an illegal drug and alcohol abuse-free environment, with drug testing. Applicants must be able to work most Sundays and holidays. Positions last until November, and then applicants are welcome to reapply for early spring openings. We have hook-ups for your own RV if you do not already live in the area. We are in a rural location so you will want your own transportation. Please email your resume, the job you are applying for, and a description of why your are interested in this position to e.mclaws@183zmr.com 
 http://zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:57:47 7129 
Housekeeping Position Near Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Work in the housekeeping department at our ranch style resort near Zion National Park creating wonderful environments for our guests to enjoy. We maintain high standards of cleanliness both in our employees and in the work they produce. Experience is not necessary, but a strong work ethic and willingness to go the extra-mile is. You must be able and willing to climb small hills and steps during the course of the day. Ability to follow a supervisor and get along with other staff members is necessary. Attention to detail is required. A current driver's license may be required. We have a full hook-up site available in addition to $12/hour. We are willing to pay a good wage in compensation for your hard work and diligence throughout our busy season. This is a great place to come and work if you enjoy Southern Utah's outdoor activities in your time off. We will be hiring several of these positions between now and May, so apply to work now, or for your summer job! We are also currently hiring a full-time housekeeping supervisor. Visit us online. Please email your resume, the job you are applying for, and a description of why your are interested in this position. e.mclaws@708zmr.com 
 http://zmr.com 
 
 Mt Carmel, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:57:24 7246 
Timberking Sawmill Operator By Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Zion Mountain Ranch is located 3 miles from the East entrance of Zion National Park as well as within 2 hours distance from Bryce Canyon and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon. We are in the adventure hub of national parks and monuments, an experience that should not be passed. 
 Position includes small operation on a one man hydrophilic band saw and use of a skid steer to load and unload logs. This position starts at $12 an hour but opportunity available for a raise dependent on experience and knowledge in servicing the sawmill and other equipment. There are also job opportunities available for spouse, if work camper couple, such as receptionist, housekeeping, and kitchen work. Long term employment possible but in need of at least a minimum of 4 months. Position offers a flexible schedule and site with full hookups for personal RV or trailer. Hiring immediately. Also a drug-free environment. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time. Salary: $12-$15/hour. e.mclaws@726zmr.com 
 http://zmr.com 
 
 Dover, TN   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:49:18 8069 
Piney Campground Is Looking For A Volunteer Couple 
 Job Duties:           Office Help, Gate Guard, Security, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Piney Campground in North-Western Tennessee is Looking for a polite, positive customer service oriented couple (singles will also be considered)to work at the Campground Gatehouse checking in campers and operating the cashier point of sale system. The season lasts from late March through October. Benefits include a $35.00 per day per person tax-free stipend, a full-hook-up campsite, free laundry, and tons of fun in the best campground on the Planet. Looking for team members who work well with fellow employees and the public and preferably some computer experience. The new team members will be fully trained on site. The shift will be a four day on/four days off schedule. 
 Piney Campground is Located on the Southern end of the Land Between the Lakes Recreation Area. Piney is a large Campground with 384 sites, including 19 rustic cabins, 30 and 50 Amp electrical sites, full hook-up sites and tent sites. The Campground has an Outpost store, a Basketball court, a Volleyball court, a Softball field, an Archery range, three playgrounds, hiking and biking trails, a Pavilion and a swim beach. Interested parties please email Tim Lewis at timothy.g.lewis@526usda.gov (618) 697-3890 or Paul Freer at paul.Freer@526USDA.gov (530)605-8468 
 
 Acworth, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 16:09:09 8747 
Camp Host 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Holiday Harbor Marina is in search of a new Campground Host. This position would be great for a long term camping couple. Duties include assisting customers, enforcing rules, assuring that the campground is kept in a clean and orderly fashion, cleaning restrooms and cabins. amitchell@601lakeallatoona.net 
 
 La Pine, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 13:21:57 8667 
Newberry National Volcanic Monument Campground Hosts Needed 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Newberry caldera zone campground host positions descriptions 
Camp Host Positions at Newberry National Volcanic Monument. Campgrounds are located at the higher elevation, in Newberry Caldera, and at the lower elevation, "Gateway" shortly after you enter the Monument. 
Campgrounds Season: Varies, mid-May end of Sept and early October 
Service Dates: May 17 End of Sept/early October. See below for details 
Number of Positions: 10 (Can be a couple or individual), also looking for back-up Hosts 
 Newberry National Volcanic Monument Caldera and Gateway Campgrounds. 
Tentative Work Schedule and reimbursement: Rotating 4 days on, 3 days off, 5 days on, 2 days off. Works split shift tentatively from 8:30 am. To 1:30 pm. And again from 5:30- 9:00 p.M. Small Expense Reimbursement available. Reimbursement is for position, regardless if the position is a couple or individual. Upon arrival, within the first two weeks, due to snow levELS at higher elevations, you may be placed at the lower elevation gateway campground(s) until the snow is cleared. Extensive training will be provided. 
 Job Duties: 
Visitor Services 
- Uniformed host position primary duties include welcoming/orienting Monument visitors, and providing in-depth information on Monument sites. 
- Cash handling and record keeping experience required. 
- Willingness to assist with light routine maintenance and fee compliance. 
- Welcome visitors and answer questions, manage on-site reservations system, confirm walk up visitors payments. 
- Sells firewood under dyf accounting systems. 
- Assist with envelope collections as needed. 
- Refreshes restrooms after the FS staff does morning cleaning, also cleans up grounds. 
- Assists with trash pick up, raking, recycling, and potentially becoming primary maintenance during low season. 
- Delivers minimum of one interpretive program, per week, in your specific campground. 
 Housing: Couple or individual must be able to provide their own RV or travel trailer with its age being 2002 or newer. A photo of the RV may be requested prior to job offer. A paved or an aggregate surfaced RV pad is provided which includes water, septic, garbage, and electric service (except for Cinder Hill 2nd, Little Crater 2nd, and Paulina Lake 2 locations). 
For full description visit the link below. stacey.cochran@231discovernw.org 
 https://www.volunteer.gov/s/volunteer-opportunity/a09t0000009BJvR/newberry-national-volcanic-monument-campground-hosts 
 
 Aransas Pass, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 13:09:52 8527 
Aransas Pass / Texas Gulf Coast 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Camp host couple needed for April 2021. Portobelo Village Mobile Home & RV Community is accepting resumes for a seasonal or year round camp host couple.The shift is from 3:00pm - 9:00pm. 7on/7off. Light duties include:(but not limited to) 
- Greeting & assisting newly arriving guests with registration, deposit & lot rent collection. 
- Familiarization of park rules & regulations.Parking of RV & hookup. 
- Security patrols & enforcement of rules & regulations. 
- Securing facilities at 9:00pm. 
 We are a park of little transient RV traffic. Most residents are winter Texans or workers of local refinery operations. Located just 7 miles from the beaches of the Gulf, recreation opportunities are bountiful. 15 minutes from Corpus Christi & walking distance to WalMart, we are conveniently located. Pets under 25# welcome. Must have RV & live on the property. Please send resumes to: portobelo@233portobelovillage.com 
 
 Warrens, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 10:41:04 8362 
Couple Wanted For 2021 Season 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Jellystone Warrens, an award winning Jellystone Park in Warren's WI, is seeking workampers who enjoy hayrides, campfires, fishing, swimming, hiking, outdoor games, experiencing local sites and cuisines, general family fun and laughter! Sure, there is work to be done, and lots of it, during our peak season. But our workampers are our guests, too. There are many other family campgrounds out there. We believe that, in order to bring the best camping experience to our customers, we need to operate a park that we, ourselves, would choose. 
 We are always seeking great workampers in all departments-- Office/Store, Maintenance, Housekeeping, Activities, Food Service, etc. Our regular Workamping season generally runs April through October. But as business ebbs and flows, there is flexibility in start/end dates and positions arise throughout the summer and even into the winter months. As a workamper, you will be provided a large premier site (25ft x 65ft) with 50/30-Amp FHU-- water, electric, cable and Wi-Fi. You will receive a $20 per person laundry allowance each month, and can purchase propane at cost. The site and the extra benefits are in exchange for 6 hours per week per person. The per-hour pay in excess of 6 hours per week is $8.00. We are seeking couples that will put in 32-40 hours per week per person. 
 TPlease visit our website or find us on Facebook. If you are in FL, come visit Steve & Willa at the Tampa RV Show Booth #B108-- get on the fast-track with info and in-person application/interview. OR, call General Manager at 608-378-2000. 
Email: deztomm@771gmail.com 
 https://jellystonewarrens.com 
 
 Robertsdale, AL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 08:51:38 8746 
Mechanic Wanted 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
I am looking for someone with some mechanical skills. I have multiple projects that I need help finishing. I have a Wood mizer sawmill I took apart to paint and need to put back together and get running. Have an old 1950s John Deere tractor needs to be put back together. I have a number of newer vehicles that need a little this and a little that to get ready to get sold. So if you would like to come and play let me know. richeylafond@141gmail.com 
 
 Cottage Grove, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 00:07:50 8745 
Paid Campground Caretaker - Oregon 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Baker Bay Campground is located 8 miles outside Cottage Grove, Oregon on the Dorena Reservoir. Lane County Parks is seeking an individual or couple to serve as the Campground Caretaker. Caretakers are paid to live in the campground full-time and oversee day to day operations of the campground. Caretakers are responsible for maintaining a personal residence on site (recreational vehicle, travel trailer, etc.). Full time, 24 hour site presence is mandatory. Caretakers are responsible for site management of the campground and marina, reservations and sales, general maintenance and representing Lane County Parks. This position is contracted with Lane County Parks and is not a direct employment. 
Location: Baker Bay Campground and Marina 
Compensation: $2,200 / month 
Term: Open 
To apply visit the link below and return a completed application. laneparks@122lanecountyor.gov 
 http://www.Lanecounty.org/parks 
 
 Benton, IL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 20:50:26 3927 
Benton KOA 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Workampers needed. Year round park looking for workampers for the summer '21 season. Looking for a couple to do guest registration, run snack bar, escorting, grounds maintenance and propane dispensing - Long or short term position. Great area for fishing, boating, and golfing, antique shopping or wine tasting. Contact the Benton KOA at bentonkoa@582bentonkoa.com or by calling us at 618-439-4860 
 Part time - 24 hrs/wk Per Couple or single in exchange for a full hookup site, plus free Cable, free Wi-FI, free uniforms & laundry, free hair services from our in house salon. Employee discount 20% on store items, 50% on meal purchases at snack bar. Any socials are free to you (pancake breakfast and ice cream socials, etc) 
 http://koa.com/campgrounds/benton 
 
 Gold Hill, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 18:10:05 8646 
Camp Host 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Campground host/maintenance host needed TO work 3 days A week IN exchange for A full hookup site only. Duties include collection OF monthly/daily fees. Cleaning restrooms, weeding, watering, mowing grass and filling propane. At times you will make reservations. Contact Clyde Johnson at 541-855-9000. 
 
 June Lake, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 12:31:13 8117 
Come Work & Live In The Switzerland Of California! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Manager or Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We're a small RV park in June Lake, California looking for two Workamping couples or singles. One (Camp Manager) to work 4 days per week (May 1 November 1) in exchange for a FHU site with cable, Wi-Fi, laundry and a $400/month, cash stipend and another (Camp Host) to work 3 days per week (May 1 November 1) in exchange for a FHU site with cable, Wi-Fi and laundry. 
 Camp Manager Position: Previous camp host experience is necessary. 
Camp Host Position: Previous camp host experience is not necessary. 
Both Positions: You must be very friendly and have excellent customer service skills, as well as great computer/phone/tablet literacy. Unlimited texting/calling on your phone is needed to communicate with the owners. You must be physically able and capable of lifting up to approximately 50 pounds. 
 Responsibilities include: 
- Checking guests in and out 
- Checking, rearranging, picking up sites after checkouts and cleaning tables, picking up trash or dog poop if needed 
- Cleaning (4 showers, 4 toilets, small laundry room, fish cleaning station, small office) 
- Assisting guests by giving information, doing late check-ins, selling firewood, giving quarters for laundry, etc. 
- Management of supply needs/refills, bank deposits, flyers at office, etc. 
- Enforcing rules with campers and guests 
- Other miscellaneous jobs such as raking leaves/pine needles, watering flowers, recycling, cleaning cobwebs, stacking wood, changing mouse traps, spraying bugs, etc. 
 If you are a couple, jobs can be split between the two of you however you'd like. This position would be great for people who love adventuring and being outdoors, with a few days off per week there's so much to do in this area! If you're interested, please send a self-introduction, your resume(s) and any questions you might have to goldenpinervpark@756gmail.com. You can also check out our website, Facebook (Facebook.com/goldenpinervpark) and Instagram (Instagram.com/goldenpinervpark) for more info. 
 http://www.goldenpinervpark.com 
 
 Garrison, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 11:33:44 7955 
Seeking Work Campers Spring / Summer 2021 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Camp Tonkawa Springs RV Park, located in East Texas, is seeking volunteer work camping couples for the Summer season, May 1 2021 - Sept 30 2021. This is for office/housekeeping, maintenance positions. Summer is a busy time for us with the Natural Springs, lots of swimmers. You will be collecting fees and checking on the swimming area through out the day. You will be working 1 week on and 3 weeks off for every month you are here. In exchange of your volunteer time and help you will receive a free FHU site, and free laundry allotment. We are asking for a 3 month comment but you can stay longer if we are a good fit and you are enjoying your time here. No wages involved. Wi-Fi and Cell service is spotty here in the park. We have both at the office. AT&T; works the best. A booster might be helpful at your site. 
 We are a small-no frills campground of about 50 sites with a natural spring in a country setting. We have several small herds of deer, peacock, and guineas that roam freely throughout the park. The park is 8 miles from Garrison Texas and Nacogdoches, Texas (the oldest town in Texas) is just 14 miles away. You will have plenty of off time to explore the area or just hanging out. Come spend some time with us at Camp Tonkawa Springs. Give us a call at the following number 936 564 8888, for more information or if you have any questions.. 
 http://camptonkawa.com 
 
 Wisconsin Dells, WI   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 09:40:26 4660 
Experience The Difference! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Pool, Manager or Assistant, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Be smarter than the average Workamper and join the award-winning team at Yogi Bear Camp-Resort & Water Playground in Wisconsin Dells! Check out our website. Looking for fun, friendly, and helpful skilled Workampers to join our hardworking team from April thru October 2021. "Bear-rific" positions include: maintenance, bathroom cleaners, store, reservations & food service. 40-50 hours per week required for free full hookup site with signed contract. Fair wages will be paid. Must be flexible, and able to work all shifts. Uniforms provided, 30% employee discount, staff parties and free attraction admission. Send resume to Brent Gasser at: bgasser@111dellsjellystone.com 
 http://www.dellsjellystone.com 
 
 Crumpler, NC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 04:20:28 7555 
Come To The Blue Ridge Mountains! 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are open year around! Seeking a maintenance /cabin renovation person. The ideal candidate will have strong carpentry, painting, drywall, and general handyman skills (electrical, plumbing, tile). We can welcome a single person or a couple. If it is a couple, We can also use help assisting the owner with guests checking in and out, helping the housekeeping team 1 day a week. If you enjoy baking, we would be happy to sell your baked good in our Farm Store! 
We are not an RV park, but have FHU for staff members plus pay. Email: stay@289cabinsathealingsprings.com 
 http://www.cabinsathealingsprings.com 
 
 Coos Bay, OR   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 02:26:26 8744 
Look! Office Position Available! Oregon Coast 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
One of our long time camp hosts is leaving our family. Usually you will work 2days per week and evry 3 week you will work 3 days. Office hours are 8-12 and then you take the phone home. We are a full time only park and we cater to seniors. Our park was also the top rated park in the area for over 20yrs. We have two other office workers who you will alternate with and if someone needs time off you will fill in also. Call Now as this wont last! Jan start. Training will be offered but hope you have computer skills. Thanks for looking! 541-888-9300 
 
 North Truro, MA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-27 19:54:59 8743 
Cleaning Staff Near The Tip Of Scenic Cape Cod 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Seeking a detail oriented couple to work together as a team to handle the daily cleaning of our campground shower facilities & Laundry, plus walking the campground picking up any trash and debris to keep our campground looking amazing. You must be physically fit, mobile, and someone who takes pride in the quality of your work. By nature cleaning positions require hard work and may not sound glamourous, but these roles are extremely important for us to maintain the cleanliness & safety we are known for, so your efforts are greatly appreciated by us and our guests! Plus your work schedules will allow for plenty of great beach time relaxation each day throughout the summer. 
 Our campground is less than a half-mile walk to stunning Head of the Meadow Ocean Beach, so access to the beach is quick & easy. The campground is well wooded with lots of pine trees and is completely surrounded by the beautiful Cape Cod National Seashore Park. We are only 10 minutes by car from restaurants, grocery stores, unique shops & art galleries in bustling Provincetown. Our nearby Cape Cod beaches are famous for their miles of rolling sand dunes & scenic sandbars with plenty of space to spread out from others. So if you are looking for an ideal summer beach destination, look no further. 
 We have been family owned and operated since 1954 and are well known for being a clean and family-friendly campground. Help us to carry on our tradition for cleaning excellence. More specifically, your two-person team will be responsible for performing a detailed cleaning of our 24 showers stalls, changing areas, laundry room and a couple of sinks & toilets each morning. Duties include spraying, scrubbing, sweeping, and disinfecting, and replacing used supplies, plus performing a few brief refresh cleanings each day to disinfect the high-touch surfaces. You will also walk around the campground roads & pathways two hours each day (flexible times), picking-up any candy wrappers, trash or cigarette butts left behind by guests. The positions require each of you to work approx. 40 hours per week from May 15 - September 13. Pay includes $14 per hour & free FHU campsite, plus a 10% Bonus paid at the end of the summer. 
 We look forward to talking with you about these positions. Please send us your resume, references & photo with your rig to: gcurrier88@318gmail.com. Since we specialize in being especially quiet and family-safe, please understand that we do not allow any pets, generators or motorcycles. 
 http://www.CapeCodCamping.com/summer-jobs 
 
 Villa Ridge, MO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-27 11:06:01 3842 
Gateway To The West 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Maintenance, Office Help, Security, Retail, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Pin Oak Creek RV Park is in search of positive, friendly workampers for seasonal and/or longterm opportunities. We would like to have an original commitment through October. We have openings in multiple departments for the 2021 season and longer. We have both part-time and full-time positions open, compensation varies with position and hours. Pin Oak Creek is a family campground just outside St. Louis, MO. With over 150 campsites, 2 bathhouses, laundromat and 6 cabins, we are a campers home away from home. We offer seasonal sites, weekend sites, monthly sites and more. Families are our primary focus. If you love kids, visit our website to learn more about the park. Send resume to info@743pinoakcreekrvpark.com or call chris at 636-451-5656 
 http://www.pinoakcreekrvpark.com 
 
 Ferguson, NC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-26 09:26:25 7491 
Small RV Park Near Boone NC 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Groundskeeper, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Couple ok, pets need approval no children, duties include mowing, weed eating, minor maintenance. Must be able to lift 60 plus pounds. 15 hours per week (one person). We are open year around. Winter hours vary. We offer water sewer limited Wi-Fi and $75.00 allowance for electric. Must provide picture of RV and background check conducted. RV park is only 9 sites. midflajima@184gmail.com 
 https://www.stoneyforkcampground.com 
 
 North Macclenny, GA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-25 15:05:17 3860 
88 Acre Nature Park 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Pool, Manager or Assistant, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Hidden River is a beautiful, wooded, clothing optional 88 acre nature park on the Fla/Ga. State line, just west of Jacksonville. If you are getting bored with retirement and need a challenge, we need you. Hidden River needs new ideas to keep our visitors entertained. Owner needs help with occasional dog care plus pool and bathhouse maintenance and mowing. This is offered for the fall and winter seasons... - And longer if you care to stay. If you have any carpentry and plumbing knowledge, that is a plus. Applicants need not be nudists. We are offering a full hookup in exchange for 25 hours weekly. There is no Wi-Fi, laundry, bar or restaurant. - Verizon is the only carrier that works here. Please contact Billie at 912-843-2603 
 http://www.hiddenriverresort.com 
 
 Winterhaven, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-25 07:01:25 8742 
Housekeeping Needed For Remainder Winter Season 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Work will be through the April 1st. Need housekeeping staff for clubhouse, office, and bath house. 5 days 20 to 25 hours a week. Couple would work as well. 5 days 20 to 25 hours week a piece. joshbuckner1997@851yahoo.com 
 
 San Miguel, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-24 22:20:46 8741 
Weekend Farm Chores 
 Job Duties:           General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Looking for one person or a couple to do morning and evening chores on Saturday and Sunday. It involves feeding hogs, sheep and goats, our livestock guardian dogs and collecting eggs. Simple stuff but we need someone diligent and responsible who is willing to commit to at least 6 months No kids. No large pets. themelissajulia@183gmail.com 
 http://Www.vicariousranch.com 
 
 Colorado City, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-24 09:13:00 8705 
Work Kamper Couple Needed 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are looking for a fun energetic couple to become a part of our team. Hours would be 20-25 a week per person. RV needs not to be older then 2000. Pets ok. If interested please send your resume. We are needing someone starting May 1- Oct. 25. pueblosouth@935koa.com 
 
 Lakeside, AZ   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-24 00:24:23 8740 
Hiring Now For Winter Months! 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
We are new owners! Looking for persons to fill office and maintenance positions. If interested, contact Daniel at dandhpartners@693yahoo.com 
 
 Midland, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-23 16:04:23 7447 
General Campground Workers 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool, Retail, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hello future work camper. Belvidere East/Exit 170 KOA in Midland, South Dakota is looking for work campers for our 2021 Season. We are located remotely in the center of South Dakota but maintain a remarkably busy campground. Please remember we are very remotely located nearest Walmart or McDonald's is 80 miles away. 
We are a KOA Journey, which is a one night stopover point for campers in-route to the Badlands, Mount Rushmore, Custer State Park, Devils Tower, or Yellowstone. We strive to have excellent customer service at our prairie oasis KOA in South Dakota. 
 Please note this is a high paced working environment, with majority of the time the park being at full capacity. 
 Our 2021 season is May 1st till September 30th. We ask our work campers to arrive two weeks prior to start date (free site charge) to get use to the Mountain time zone, explore the area before starting work and relax. We strive at cross training all our employees for every job. So, it is a little different here: everyone can do everything and knows how it needs to be done! Must be good with customer relations and willing to be a team player with everyone working together to ensure that our guests have a positive camping experience. 
 What does that mean for our workcampers? That means you are not continually doing the same thing every day! That also means that everyone chips in with the cleaning, stocking, organizing, and keeping the campground up to our standards. In our past season, were have found that one work camper usually wants to work outside and the other usually wants to work inside. Our work week is 32-35 hours per week, and 2 days off, back-to-back (work camping couple, same days off) to enjoy all that SD has to offer and explore. Our compensation includes a FHU site with cable and Wi-Fi. All we ask is 10 hours/week for your site (5 hours/week/person for a work camping couple) and we will pay $12.00 per hour after the site rent.  More info, but doesn't fit in ad 
belvidere@344koa.com 
 https://koa.com/campgrounds/belvidere 
 
 Salida, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-23 14:18:23 8330 
Salida / Mt Shavano KOA And Royal Gorge KOA 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Salida/Mt Shavano KOA is looking for a maintenance tech. This is a full time position. This person needs to have a wide variety of skills to include knowledge of plumbing, electrical, and carpentry. We are looking for a fun energetic person who loves the outdoors and has a passion for helping create memories for others. Salary depends on experience and site is available. anthonylozanofip@527gmail.com 
 
 Poplar Bluff, MO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-23 08:45:46 4011 
Work Camper Campground Couple Needed Now 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Open year round. Need a couple now and throughout the 2021 year. You're provided a Full Hookup site plus $400.00 a month. Looking for couples wanting year-round or longer workamper positions. We also provide a cart, tools, and supplies for your duties. Your RV site has; water, sewer, electric 30/50amp, free cable TV 61 channels, and free Wi-Fi. We also provide a 120 gallon propane tank if you wish to connect to it. No propane furnished, but we get the best price possible for you. 
 We are close to town for your shopping, dining, and miscellaneous needs with a country atmosphere. Town has a large VA Hospital and a large regular hospital. Food companies deliver to your site. Some paper work and cleaning takes place each morning as needed; general maintenance, cleaning facilities and site clean-up as needed. NO computer skills needed. NO fire pits to clean. NO ground tents. NO pool to clean. NO pet waste station removal. NO cabins to clean. You are not physically working all the time when on duty. Many times, you will just be watching and waiting for RVs to arrive. When they do just register and escort them to their site. 
 We are looking for couples to help with the everyday duties of running a campground. Visit our website for more details. Call and ask for Jean or email us. If you wish please send photos of both sides of your RV and of yourselves with a contact phone number. camelotrv@419hotmail.com 
 http://www.camelotrvcampground.com 
 
 MO   USA        2020-12-22 18:29:50 8735 
Managers & Host Campers 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    Salary Only 
Are you currently looking for Host Camping and Management positions?? You've come to the right place then! We are looking for Host Campers and Managers for our two RV parks, I-49 RV Park and Ballard's Campground, Store and RV Park, and many more to come! Ogden Industries, LLC is dedicated to providing our managers and host campers the most incredible experience, making sure we provide you with excellent hospitality. Our great location, along with the many great activities in Kansas City, will be your reason to work here; The Nelson-Atkins Museum Of Art, Kansas City Zoo, Kansas City's Botanical Garden, National WWI Museum and Memorial, and last but not least, Worlds Of Fun! 
 Our work camping and manager positions are both full-time year- year round positions. If that is what you're looking for, then this is for you! If you have experience in management(we are open to all candidates), excellent customer service resulting in positive reviews from our campers, is reliable, has an excellent work ethic, is owner minded, and can make friends easily, then you're our ideal employee. We would love for our RV Park managers and host campers to connect with our campers and provide them excellent hospitality to ensure positive feedback! 
 Duties included but are not limited to: 
- Check-in and check out our campers 
- Input bookings into our systems 
- Collecting payments 
- Answering phone calls 
- Refill propane for our customers (depending on which park you will work at) 
- Clean bathrooms/showers 
- Send weekly reports to upper management 
- Provide excellent customer service to our campers/ answer any questions they have 
- You will make sure the park is well maintained; please treat it as your own as you will be the one in charge of the park 
- We have camp stores currently being built, so you will need to be present at our park office to ensure tenants are helped. 
- Landscaping 
 Our RV Park managers will work five days out of the seven while our Host Campers will work the remaining two days. You will need to have your own RV to work for either one of these positions; please keep in mind that we also provide free on-site living, including utilities. Pay is based on experience. Please contact us at ea.ogden2020@293gmail.com to have a brief phone call scheduled. Meanwhile, please also send your resume so that we have good knowledge of what experienced you have. 
 
 Port St. Lucie, FL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-22 08:16:59 8658 
Join Us In South Florida... 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Wanting to settle in south Florida for a while? Then Port St. Lucie RV Resort may be the place for you. We have 117 FHU sites with concrete pads, a heated pool, club house, activities in season, cable TV and Wi-Fi access throughout the Resort. 
 We are in need of an experienced Workamping couple, long term, to assist us in all phases of operating the Resort. The office person must have previous experience with the "Campground Manager" reservation system. Other office duties will include, but not be limited to, taking reservations, checking in guest, managing phones, collecting rent/electric payments, preparing reports, assist with keeping the office clean and orderly. The maintenance person should have previous experience with RV park electrical and plumbing repair. Our landscaping is contracted out as is our pool maintenance. But there is a continuous need for general park clean-up, daily check sheets, site cleaning, tree/shrub trimming and repairs as needed. Both Workampers should be self-starters and able to work independently. We offer, as compensation for 2 1/2 days, 25-27 hours, per couple, per week, a FHU (30/50 amp) site, unlimited electric, laundry quarters, and use of all facilities. Additional incentives for the right couple. portstluciervresort@680gmail.com 
 http://portstluciervresort.com 
 
 Hillsdale, KS   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-21 21:43:34 8734 
Camp Host Needed 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Immediate opening for Camp Host couple at our 30 space RV park in Hillsdale, Kansas. Typical camp host duties, checking in campers, assisting set up if needed. Cleaning and light maintenance around the park. Weekends off. We are a family owned and owner occupied camp ground. We are opened year round. shadyacresrv@759yahoo.com 
 http://shadyacresrvks.com 
 
 North Truro, MA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-21 20:34:16 7990 
Cape Cod Campground Office Staff Summer 2021 (Near Beach) 
 Job Duties:           Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Are you amazing with customers on the phone, via email, and in person? We are looking for a workamping couple who can excel separately in our frequently fast-paced office. Seeking couples with outgoing personalities & strong communication skills to staff our camp office, handling incoming phone calls, email inquiries & reservation requests, as well as assisting with guest check-ins at the front desk. You will be the primary point of contact with many of our guests. Must be proficient with computers and email, comfortable on the phone, accurate, and eager to work /multi-task; having experience with CampgroundMaster reservation software is a plus. 
 Spend your summer with us in our picturesque campground within short walking distance to some of the East Coast's best ocean beaches, near the tip of Cape Cod in MA. We have been family owned and operated since 1954 with a loyal customer following. Our family-friendly, tenting oriented campground is completely surrounded by the Cape Cod National Seashore Park, yet we are less than a half-mile walk to stunning Head of the Meadow ocean beach & only 10 minutes by car from restaurants, grocery stores, unique shops, and art galleries in bustling Provincetown. Our nearby Cape Cod beaches are famous for their miles of rolling sand dunes & scenic sandbars with plenty of space to spread out from others. So if you are looking for an ideal summer beach destination, look no further. 
 Our 2021 office positions will require 30 to 40 hours per week (each), May 14 - Sep 12. Pay includes $14 per hour & free FHU campsite, plus a 10% bonus paid at the end of the summer. We look forward to talking with you about our office staff positions as well as other openings such as shower cleaners. Sorry we do not allow pets, generators or motorcycles as we specialize in being especially quiet & family-safe. Visit our website & our covid-19 preparations. Send your resume, references & photo with your rig to: gcurrier88@467gmail.com 
 http://CapeCodCamping.com 
 
 Mesquite, NV   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-21 18:43:16 8733 
RV Camp Host Couple - Year Round! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
We are looking for one organized and friendly couple or partner to fill our camp host position! For any questions, please email cari_black@387yahoo.com or call 702-481-2426 (ask for Cari). This is not a seasonal job. 
Camp host live on site (we do not supply living quarters so you must own your own RV - may be able to work something out if we find the right candidates) check in customers and oversee certain aspects of the RV Park. Compensation includes pay as well as full-hookup space (power, sewer, tv cable, and water included) 
 Office person must have computer/office skills, excel, and ability to learn reservation system. 
Maintenance person must have basic experience in plumbing, electrical, landscaping/grounds, and RV Park maintenance to be able to assist customers. 
 We are looking for friendly and customer orientated individuals to work 3 1/2 days a week and 12-hour shifts. We are looking for long term camp hosts to work year-round. For any questions, please email cari_black@387yahoo.com or call 702-481-2426 (ask for Cari). 
 
 Estes Park, CO   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-21 13:14:40 8613 
Office Maintenance 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Elk Meadow Lodge & RV Resort in Estes Park, CO (7,800 ft. Elevation) is seeking couples for a position in Office/Maintenance for our 2021 season. Office: reservation software experience  required , Campground Master preferred. MailChimp experience  required . Maintenance: duties include but not limited to minor repairs to plumbing, carpentry, electrical. Escorting, mowing, pool maintenance. These positions are 32 to 40 hour a week per person. Compensation is as follows: Job will pay $12.50/hour for all hours worked. You will also receive a full hook up site including electricity, access to Wi-Fi, and discounted propane. Positions beginning early May 2021 thru Sept/early Oct 2021. These are couples positions only. Send resumes along with pictures of your rig, pet & vehicle to careers@484rvinn.net. Reference ad # EM121. 
 
 Keystone, SD   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-21 11:46:26 7930 
Workamper Couples Needed For Summer 2021 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Our positions include: housekeeping, store (reservations & retail), maintenance and cafe. 
Housekeeping: Among other duties that could be assigned, this position involves cleaning and inventorying 19 cabins upon guest checkout, daily towel exchange, laundry, daily cleaning of shower house and toilet trailer. 
Store: These positions require computer literacy as this role involves taking reservations on Campground Automation software system and QB pos registers for store purchases. Store positions must be able to multitask as they are responsible for guest relations, reservations, store sales, inventory control, check-ins and guest information. Candidates must be able to work well with others and have great customer service skills. 
Maintenance: This position is responsible for the overall maintenance and upkeep of the facilities, including cabin repairs, lawn & grounds maintenance, pool upkeep, special projects and more. Candidates should have knowledge of construction, repairs of plumbing, electrical, good mechanical skills, etc. 
Cafe & Coffee Shop: Our cafe serves breakfast, lunch & dinner. We serve sandwiches, hamburgers, hot dogs, pizzas and breakfast type foods. We also have a full service coffee shop with espresso machine and Island Oasis blender. These positions require a basic knowledge of food prep or the willingness to learn. Menu is not complicated. This position includes 1 meal per shift plus tips. 
 We are looking for folks who enjoy serving guests, who are willing to work, can get along well with others, have a positive attitude and are willing to be flexible in their job assignments. We offer a 30 amp FHU site for 8 hours work per week per couple (4 hours per person) plus $10.00/hour for hours worked after the 4 hours per person for the site. Average work week is 25- 40 hours each week. We also offer a VIP pass for free or reduced admission to most area attractions, store & cafe discounts, free Wi-Fi, free laundry, and more. A typical work week consists of 5 days per week, 5-8 hours a day per person. Our work season runs approximately May 1st to mid-September. Please send resume, pictures of yourself and rig, along with references to: christy@984spokanecreek.com, check out our website. 
 http://www.spokanecreek.com 
 
 Copalis Beach, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-20 12:02:41 6164 
Available Now 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Openings couple or single - Small RV Park located on the Washington Coast, just south of Olympic National Park. Looking for housekeeper clean small rest room and office or gardener to maintain flowerbeds etc weeding planting edging must be self motivated 19 hrs a week then 13.50 hr covers site 2020 winter and summer 2021 25 hrs req for summer then 13.50 hr For more information call Charlie at (360)580-4773 
 http://driftwoodrvresort.com 
 
 Tecopa, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-19 12:33:26 8036 
Front Desk / Housekeeping Position Available Now 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Join our family running a Hot Springs Resort in Tecopa, California. We are looking for Rockstar employees that have a love for customer service, people, and have a vibrant personality. Positions available in housekeeping. Work agreement December through May 2021. We need people that are willing and able to do a little bit of everything. All positions include a free full hookup RV site, $12 per hour pay to start, after January 1, the hourly wage will be increased to $13 per hour. 
 We have travelers stay at our resort from all over the world. People come here to experience our world-famous mineral-rich and geothermal heated hot springs private bathhouses. We also just recently opened a restaurant and brewery so there are cultural exchange opportunities interacting with our guests playing ping-pong or listening to live music on the weekends. We are within 5 miles to the entrance of Death Valley National Park. About 15 minutes away from us is China Ranch Date Farm. We are about 30 minutes from Dumont Dunes. Please email me at delightshotspringsresort@706gmail.com 
 http://www.delightshotspringsresort.com 
 
 Fort Smith, MT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-18 16:53:12 5569 
Join Us For The 2021 Season 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Looking for several couples that are energetic and passionate about detailed customer service to join our housekeeping and maintenance team along with guest registration. Hours are 5 days (25-30 hrs.) Per week. Compensation is $12.00 for each hour worked and 50 amp full hook-up site. Dates are April 1-June 15. Email resume or letter of interest to phil@216cottonwoodcampbighorn.com 
 http://www.cottonwoodcampbighorn.com 
 
 Grand Rivers, KY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-18 08:40:21 5614 
Seeking Ra Couples At Our Campground 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Office Help, Gate Guard, Retail, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hillman Ferry Campground is seeking multiple couples to fill positions at Hillman Ferry Campground from March till November. These positions are for multiple shifts of 8 hours five days a week at the Gatehouse and Outpost Store. 
Gatehouse - Check in guests, answer questions and inform about rules, and check out guests. When needed, notify local law enforcement or paramedics of any issues or health needs. 
Outpost - Sale or Rent items to customers, stock items when needed, and help keep the store clean 
 Are you retired and love the outdoors? Do you like to meet people and stay active? Then our Resident Attendant opportunity is the job for you. Volunteering as a Resident Attendant (RA) is a great way to become involved with Land Between The Lakes recreational stewardship. As a Resident Attendant, you will interact with campground visitors by providing customer service and general information, operate the computer Point of Sale system, inform visitors of Land Between The Lakes campground policies, and perform various other duties to support our public land. 
 Resident Attendants serve 40 hours per week and are provided a full hook-up campsite plus a tax free monetary reimbursement for each month that they work with us. We are looking for couples with warm, friendly personalities to join our award winning staff and provide consistently excellent customer service to campground visitors. Hillman Ferry is a very busy campground on the northern end of Land Between The Lakes, and only 10 minutes from Grand Rivers, Kentucky. Hillman Ferry is a 374-site campground located on Kentucky Lake. Recreation opportunities include hunting, fishing, boating, hiking, biking, swimming, sports, etc. We look forward to hearing about your interest. jason.osborne@750usda.gov 
 https://www.landbetweenthelakes.us/seendo/camping/hillman-ferry-campground 
 
 Pinedale, WY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-17 23:21:12 8732 
Housekeeping Positions 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Seasonal Housekeeper position available May 2021-Sep. 2021 at a 16 Cabin Resort located at the base of the Wind River Mountains. Lakeside Lodge Resort and Marina housekeeping position requires flexible shifts and availability to work weekdays & weekends. Hourly wage tbd. Needed 30-40 hrs/wk. 
 Job duties: 
- Clean cabins and restaurant 
- Laundry 
- Maintain appearance of cabins and laundry room 
- Communicate with team members effectively 
Please email ao@838lakesidelodge.com with your resume. 
 http://www.lakesidelodge.com 
 
 Pinedale, WY   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-17 23:18:35 8731 
Marina / Groundskeeper Needed 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Seeking a worker who has a background in boat mechanics and can keep up with the landscape maintenance needed. Positions available May 2021-Oct. 2021. We require flexible shifts with availability during the week & weekends and willing to work 30-40 hrs/wk. Hourly wage tbd. 
 We rent out a handful of boats at Lakeside Lodge Resort and Marina, so we need an experienced boater who can have the boats ready to go for guests, bring the boats back in and fix any general problems with them. 
 Job duties: 
- Clean/fuel/check boats 
- Prepare guests/boat before boat goes out and comes back in 
- Perform general maintenance on boats 
- Mow/weed eat/trim property 
- Plant/Maintain flower beds and pots 
- Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs 
Please email ao@328lakesidelodge.com with you resume. 
 http://www.lakesidelodge.com 
 
 Double Springs, AL   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-17 20:09:27 8730 
Seasonal Help For Bankhead National Forest 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Security, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Our company is currently seeking Full Seasonal Help starting in April 2021 for the beautiful Bankhead National Forest in Double Springs, AL. We are looking for hard workings, easy going couples (or individuals) to come in and help our on-site manager take care of this amazing Campground and Day-Use areas. We are looking for maintenance, housekeeping, office help grounds etc. If you are interested please send your resumes with what you have for an RV hookup. FHU and Salary will mean FHU with 15Per Single Person then you will be paid per hour after that for hours worked. If you have any further questions please feel free to reach out. baservices18@332gmail.com 
 http://www.baserves.com 
 
 Springdale, UT   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-17 14:50:05 8437 
Live, Work, And Explore In Zion National Park 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Retail, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Live. Work. Explore. Zion Lodge in Zion National Park. We have a few RV spots available. If you are interested in living and working at Zion - please apply at the link below. 
Best of luck, 
Zion Lodge jhowes@270xanterra.com 
 https://www.xanterrajobs.com/main/xanterra/home 
 
 Klamath River, CA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-17 10:00:40 7748 
Klamath River California Camp Host 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Security 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Looking for camp host for Quigleys' Station RV park in Klamath River Ca , near the Oregon Border, experience would be welcomed but not required, this job is open for spring 4/15/2021, year round long term position. Please email short resume rich@84primecountry.com 
 http://quigleysstation.com 
 
 
 Quick Links 
 ** 
 
 Home 
 Workamping Reviews 
 Submit A Free Ad 
 Browse Help Wanted Ads 
 Browse Work Wanted Ads 
 Non-Workamping Ads 
 Edit or Renew Your Ad 
 Upload an Image to Your Ad 
 Delete an Image from Your Ad 
 Recover Ad ID or Password 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 WorkampingJobs.com Blog 
 Contact Us 
 The RV Road Trip Website 
 
 ** 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 This site was created by Jerry and Cynthia Winegard to give RV workers and those businesses that hire them a place to find each other... for free!   RVers can trade a little labor for a free place to park, a salary or a combination of both.   Feel free to browse the ads or submit a free ad or resume today! 
 
 
 
 Random Road Trip Pictures 
           
 
 (C)2011-2021  WorkampingJobs.com ,  RVworker.com ,  RVjobListings.com ,  CampgroundWorkers.com  - All Rights Reserved 
 Privacy & Cookie Policy    |    Disclaimer / Terms of Use    |    Advertise With Us 
 All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. This site is not affiliated with nor endorsed by the owners of the trademarked word "Workamper". 
Template Copyright (C)2012 -  Free Responsive Html5 Templates  by  Zerotheme.com 
