Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Road Service Technician 
 Cooper Equipment Rentals 
 __Rexdale, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Cooper Equipment Rentals was started in 1972 and has built a reputation in the Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and now British Columbia markets for excellent customer service. We listen to what our customers are saying to us, and we work together safely to address their needs. Every member of our team is treated with dignity and respect. We are honest with each other, and we are sensitive to each other’s needs and opinions. Our customers appreciate being told the truth, even when we have to tell them something we know they do not want to hear. We are sympathetic when customers have a problem, and are always ready with options for them. 
 Discerning customers count on Cooper Equipment Rentals for smarter equipment solutions. Working together as one professional team, we bring energy and fresh thinking to our customer’s everyday needs. We are honest, fun-loving people with a passion for the business.  We put employees first! 
 Looking for a motivated and very customer-oriented Climate Control Road Technician with Knowledge of Construction Heaters to work at our Rexdale Climate Control Branch. 
 Responsibilities: 
 · Troubleshoot equipment problems on customers' site 
 · Preventive maintenance on equipment on customers' site 
 · Document all service and repair information 
 Requirements: 
 Licensed mechanic preferred with a minimum of two years’ experience; experience in the equipment rental industry is a definite asset. 
 · Also experience in servicing generators, pumps, plate tempers, aerial equipment. 
 · Knowledge of Construction Heaters 
 · Preferably with a CH-SM1 Licence 
 · Very customer oriented, good organization skills and able to work independently. 
 · Must have your own tools. 
 · Willing to work overtime and weekends. 
 · Experience with Skid steers, generators, diesel engine, aerial type equipment. 
 Benefits: 
 · Growing company! 
 · Very good benefits! 
 · Group RRSP matching! 
 · Continuous training and learning environment! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 maintenance: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Rexdale, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Workplace Hazardous Material Information System (WHMIS) (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
