Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postdoctoral Position In VLSI Circuit Design and Chip Layout 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering 
Competition No. - A104043045 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 We invite applications for one postdoctoral fellow position to work on a project in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The position starts from January 2021, and is 1 year with the possibility for renewal. 
 Duties 
 Conduct high-quality research with a group of researchers (Ph.D. students and a Postdoctoral Fellow). 
Develop energy harvesting and power conversion circuit design. 
Design, chip layout the prototype design. 
Prepare manuscripts for publication in high impact journals. 
 Qualifications 
 Ph.D. or equivalent research experience in analog and digital circuit design, mix-signal chip layout. 
Experience in VLSI circuit design. 
Demonstrated ability to undertake independent research evidenced by publications, and development of new research initiatives. 
Demonstrated ability to work effectively as a member of a research team. 
Excellent interpersonal and communications skills appropriate for interacting with students, staff and industry. 
Self-motivated with the mind-set of focusing on deliverables and getting the job done in time. 
 The University of Alberta, founded in 1908, is one of Canada's foremost research-intensive universities with an operating budget of over one billion dollars annually, and over 38,000 students including over 7,000 graduate students. The Faculty of Engineering has over 4,400 undergraduate and 1,500 graduate students. 
 To Apply:  Forward your CV and contact information for three references to Dr. Jie Chen at jchen@ece.ualberta.ca 
 How to Apply 
Email 
jchen@ece.ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
