Skip to primary content 
 Our Dinner Table 
 "All great change begins at the dinner table" -Ronald Reagan 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Discussion Tips 
 Reading and Listening Recommendations 
 Soccer Posts 
 Contact 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Entrepreneurship creates jobs 
 Posted on  March 10, 2011  by   Seth 
 I enjoyed Carl Schramm's first Forbes column,  The Messy Path to Creating Jobs . 
 He wonders why policy makers haven't learned until recently that new companies create jobs (though I'm not sure all policy makers have learned this). 
 
 My answer is that policy making and government planning are usually done with a view to controlling events, and the “controller” mindset doesn’t take easily to the world of start-ups. With myriad new firms always emerging, failing, or changing directions as they grow, this world appears highly unpredictable and, well, messy. But though it is unpredictable in its details — it’s very hard to pick the winners from any batch of new firms — overall, the messiness works. 
 
 
 That is why my column, which debuts with this entry, is titled “Messy Capitalism.” We should keep reminding ourselves that throughout American history, messy capitalism has always propelled economic growth, while periods of heavy-handed state intervention, such as the 1970s, have suppressed it. 
 
 It is hard for some people to grasp how unpredictable it is and it's even tougher for them to be okay with it being unpredictable. They don't like a mess and they fail to recognize the progress that comes out of it. 
 I also like what Scrhamm recognition that business planning. 
 
 …returning to the universities, the teaching of entrepreneurship has to change. The current approach has multiple shortcomings. For instance, a great deal of course content consists of learning “about” entrepreneurship rather than how to do it: Activities such as reading case studies or listening to guest entrepreneurs tell their war stories don’t give students practical skills they can apply. Much of the how-to work is then focused on how to write a business plan and raise venture capital, which is bizarre given that  (a) many successful entrepreneurs do neither, and (b) the business plan, despite its totemic status in academe, is far from the end of the entrepreneurial process and will probably change utterly during that process . 
 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Education  and tagged  Business ,  Carl Schramm ,  Entrepreneur ,  Forbes ,  Kauffman Foundation  by  Seth . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 1 thought on "Entrepreneurship creates jobs" 
 
 Pingback:  Involuntary Entrepreneurship Grows | Coldstreams.com by Edward Mitchell 
 
 Comments  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
