
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 CodeStream (W18) 
 CodeStream is a Developer Collaboration Platform designed to radically improve Communication, Integration and Transparency 
 Social Media Producer (Part-Time) 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Contract 
 Experience 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 About CodeStream 
 CodeStream's IDE plugins take the pain out of code reviews. With one command, request feedback on a snapshot of your repo, including uncommitted & unpushed code, allowing you to verify that your work-in-progress is on the right track. (You can also do it the old-fashioned way by committing & pushing at the end of your dev sprint, of course) 
 About the role 
 CodeStream is a Y-Combinator company that helps development teams discuss, review, and understand code. Most of our employees work remotely from their location of choice. 
 The team behind CodeStream is entrepreneurial in spirit and has a track record of success, being 3-for-3 in starting and selling technology businesses in the last twenty years. Do you have the ability and dedication to succeed in a fast-paced startup environment where you can have an immediate impact on the success of a company? 
 CodeStream is looking for a social media producer with a strong software-development background to dramatically raise awareness of our revolutionary service, and to help entrench CodeStream as a thought-leader in software development collaboration. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Expand CodeStream's presence on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. 
 Regularly monitor all of our networks and actively interact with fans and followers. 
 Cultivate a strong and consistent brand voice. 
 Create and curate content that is compelling to software developers, invokes curiosity, and generates buzz. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Has or has had over 1000 followers across social media channels managed. 
 Has 1-4 years experience as a software developer or other position that required working actively and intimately * with a software development team. 
 Is obsessed with social media, has working familiarity with Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and has a very active social presence. 
 Loves software development, has familiarity and working knowledge of git, agile methodologies, and at least one popular source code editor or IDE (such as Atom, Sublime or VS Code). 
 Has excellent short-form writing skills. 
 Has strong social media etiquette and moderation skills. 
 Possesses grace under fire and has what it takes to excel in a high-pressure, start-up team environment. 
 Has the ability to adapt quickly to new and changing social media platforms and trends. 
 Strong with HTML, light video production, and GIF-making skills. 
 
 Please include social media accounts you have managed, along with your software developer experience, with application. 
 Technology 
 React/Redux PubNub Mongo AWS Node 
 Other jobs at CodeStream 
 Full Stack Engineer 
 intern 
 New york, NY / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 Sophomore and above 
 Full-stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 119 W 24th St, 4th Fl NYC, NY 10011 / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 3+ years 
 Social Media Producer (Part-Time) 
 contract 
 Remote 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
