 restlessknights  
 The knights are restless and for good reason. 
  01 Feb 2017  
 2 Comments 
 The Knights Are Already Restless, - and Trump’s only been on the job 12 days! 
 If you get depressed easily, maybe you should't read this. If you're not, perhaps a trip to your psychotherapist might be in order. 
 It’s been only thirteen days since the President Elect became the President E  r  ect. I use that term because it describes the biggest schmeckel to ever be ushered to power by the very un-democratic Electoral College. Obviously, the Humanities is not a subject taught there. 
 Sorry, GW Bush, but you’ve been out-putzed, and it didn’t take that long. Just when I, and most of my associates, thought that the Bush-Cheney team couldn’t be out-schmucked, along comes a new leader whose public appearances will be greeted by  Heil to the Chief  (yes, I spelled that correctly). 
 Only Trump’s most loyal supporters — and those who have not learned that it is highly unlikely that robotics-caused job losses will return to the U.S. (or anywhere else, for that matter) — will become disenchanted. Notice I didn’t say ‘impossible.’ I already made that mistake when I and most every other political ‘expert’ assured us of a Trump loss, or even a shellacking. 
 Eisenhower alerted us to the  Military Industrial Complex.  but Obama should have warned us about the  Superiority Complex,  something his sucessor demonstrates daily (make that hourly). 
 A few of my less-evolved buddies say, “Give him a chance. Isn’t it too early to judge?” But I think his nominees for the Cabinet and other vital security positions are giving us a few clues. It’s like saying, “Don’t judge that nuclear blast until you see the results. It could be just another one of those harmless mushroom clouds." 
 He’s nominated Neil M. Gorsuch to be the next member of the Supreme Court. Trump tried everything he could do raise Scalia from the dead, but when Antonin learned who the new President actually was, he said, “No thanks, I’d rather stay where I am.” The late justice didn’t indicate just where that was, and the sound of raging fires did obscure much of what he said. 
 The Democrats in the Senate could fail to join 52 Republicans when the vote for approval takes place. But why should they? After all, did the GOP even consider Obama’s nomination of moderate, Merrick Garland, almost a year ago? You bet they didn’t! This is a little fact that John Dickerson, host of  Disgrace the Nation  , failed to point out to conservative guest, Hugh Hewitt, author of  The Fourth Way: A Conservative Playbook for a Lasting GOP Majority,  ” when Hewitt appeared on his show on January 29th. 
 Hewitt (whose mother loved him so much, she nearly named him twice) stated that the Democrats have no reason to attempt to block a SCOTUS nominee. The turtle look-alike, who leads the Republicans in the Senate, also seemed to suffer from amnesia when he insisted that Senate Democrats treat Trump’s nominee with the same respect his troops showed to the former President’s. 
 Trump’s record low approval ratings for any President’s first thirteen days in office was not limited to the millions of illegally-voting Hillary supporters, or any non-members of the American Nazi party. In a rare glimpse of the statue that represents American liberty, the  Lady  was echoing the sentiments of most people on the Trump-threatened planet. 
 The President is following the lead of many elected officials from the GOP, in insisting that Climate Change is a hoax. And he’s made the appointments to support that position, untenable as it is. 
 Now I’m not suggesting that Republican members of congress have been influenced by campaign contributions from the fossil fuel industry, but  OpenSecrets  is. If you think  Lady Liberty  is shielding her eyes now, wait till she learns that Exxon Mobil Mogul, Rex Tillerson is the new Secretary of State. Let’s hope that this Rex is not a dinosaur when it comes to protecting the environment, as hopeless as that hope seems at the moment. 
 But to make up for that poor choice, Trump is leveling the playing field by appointing Texas former Governor and oopser, Rick Perry, to run the very department whose name  he couldn’t remember  during the 2012 presidential campaign. The Energy department is responsible for our nuclear arsenal. Comforting to know that a pro is in charge. But just to be clear, when reminded by fellow challengers for the presidency which agency that was, the EPA was mentioned, not the DOE. 
 But don’t you worry. Trump’s got that department covered as well. His pick to lead he Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruiit, is a staunch defender of the industry that is speeding the destruction of that very same environment. A rumor is going around that the agency will be renamed the EDA (the word ‘Destruction’ replaces ‘Protection,’) but who really cares? Certainly not the parents and grandparents of the children that will inherit this planet. 
 Trump promised to drain the swamp, clearly having no understanding of the word ‘drain.’ Most of that swamp, by the way, was polluted by his fellow Republicans, who have ruled both houses since 2010, making appointments extremely challenging for Barack Obama. 
 Now Roe vs Wade is under attack. Planned Parenthood will be defunded. This will ultimately lead to a return of back-alley abortions, or women having no alternative but to bare a child she cannot afford to clothe, feed, or educate. Seems fair. How else will we recruit troops to fight the next oil war? 
 Trump has surrounded himself with very talented truth avoiders. Reince Preibus (who I often mispronounce as ‘Raunch Pubis’) is the new Chief of Staff. His Press Secretary, Sean Spicer calls his boss’s support among the people as “tremendous,” quickly taking on the vocabulary of the firer-in-chief (as his dismissal of the former acting Attorney General, Sally Yates would attest). All she said was she could not enforce a ruling that was unconstitutional. The nerve! And the most ingenious truth avoider, Kellyanne Conway, will be sure to set us all straight. 
 In a nation that is 38th in pre-college education, having Betsy Devos assume the position (a favorite Trump line) as Education Secretary, is sure to put us even lower in that ranking. But it doesn't matter, because we are making America great again, and that's what really counts. 
 He has also ostracized the press, almost in its entirely, as the most dishonest people in the world. Breitbart and Fox News were excluded from that ranking. 
 But I want to wish the new Commander and Chief well, almost hoping that he won't follow in the footsteps of William Henry Harrison. The ninth President, differed in his speech making from #45, having stood on an icy inaugural platform for several hours, only to be rewarded with incurable pneumonia that killed him several months later. Trump took no such chances, by delivering one of the shortest inaugural speeches in American history. He had thought about Tweeting it, but then he would have been around fifty characters too short. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Environment ,  Justice ,  Politics ,  Religion ,  Uncategorized 
 Single Post Navigation 
 <- Older Entry 
 Newer Entry -> 
 2 thoughts on "The Knights Are Already Restless, - and Trump’s only been on the job 12 days!" 
 
 Ernest Kinnie on  February 2, 2017 at 7:48 pm  said: 
 
 What beautiful rhetoric, Barry has the gift And he may be right. Trump may turn out to be that bad. I'm afraid though that I am one of the less-evolved. One year from now I will be in a good position to judge Barry's assessment. Today? Not so much. 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 ibonobos  on  February 5, 2017 at 10:50 am  said: 
 
 The sixty million who voted for Trump go quietly on with their lives. The sixty two million who voted against him are having a collective nervous breakdown complete with burning and smashing, howling in the street and talking in tongues. 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Restless Knight Re-Awakens - Really 
 Rag Mop Does It Again 
 The Knights Are Already Restless, - and Trump’s only been on the job 12 days! 
 This is a Presidential Election? 
 The Tenth Crusade 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2018 
 September 2017 
 February 2017 
 November 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 September 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 October 2014 
 December 2013 
 October 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Energy 
 Environment 
 Freedom of Religion 
 Justice 
 Politics 
 Racism 
 Religion 
 skepticism 
 Skepticism 
 Slavery 
 Sustainability 
 Uncategorized 
 War Mongering 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
