Paul F Davis - Weblog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Worldwide Motivational Speaker for Breakthrough and Empowerment 
 
   
 Tag Archives: travel jobs 
 July 19, 2008 * 4:05 pm 
 Travel Jobs to See The World, Make Friends, and Have Incredible Fun 
 As a world traveler who has been to over 50 countries, more than 50 islands, and 6 continents I know how to live abroad. I lived for 3 years traveling throughout southeast Asia, spent 4 months in the United Kingdom, visited Latin America numerous times, and have been to Africa 5 times. 
 One job I discovered across the globe always paid well, provided a great professional experience, enabled me to meet a lot of University students and young adults, and gave me a rich social life. That job was teaching English. There are countless schools looking for native born English speakers. If you have a college degree that makes your chances of employment even greater. Yet many schools don't even require that you have a degree, if you are a native born speaker from USA, UK, Canada, AUS, or South Africa. 
 My world travels have enabled me to make countless contacts across the globe. If you are interested in teaching English to foreign learners, I can find you a job that pays well over $2,000 a month, provides you a fully furnished apartment, includes health insurance, paid holidays, and an unforgettable cultural experience to enrich you as a person. 
 If you have a passport, love to travel, are willing to live overseas for a summer, 6 months, or a year contact me and I would be happy to help you secure life-changing employment. 
 If you are single and having difficulty finding someone for a meaningful relationship, not only will teaching English overseas take care of you professionally it will open up a world of relational opportunities to fulfill your dreams! 
 Paul F Davis 
 RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 407-284-1705 
 www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Paul F. Davis is a world-changer who has touched over 50 countries & 6 continents building bridges cross-culturally and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 14 books. Paul has appeared on numerous internationally broadcast radio shows from Oprah & Friends to Fox News Radio to talk about conflict resolution, peacemaking, foreign policy, and diplomacy. Playboy Radio’s  Afternoon Advice  host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an "awesome" relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Academically outstanding Davis was trained in transformative mediation & conflict resolution (Hofstra Law School); strategic negotiations (Harvard Business School & U. of Washington); advanced interrogation (Reid & Associates founders of the polygraph); and NLP & Life Coaching (NLP & Coaching Institute of California). 
 Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations. 
 Paul's organization Dream-Maker Inc. builds dreams, transcends limitations, & reconciles nations. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9/11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Paul empowers people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  adventure ,  dating ,  ESOL teacher ,  fun jobs ,  fun profession ,  make friends ,  meet women ,  relationships ,  see the world ,  travel jobs ,  wealth and prosperity ,  World Travel 
 Tagged as  fun jobs ,  make friends ,  see the world ,  travel jobs 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Business Letter Writer for Excellence and Success 
 College Counselor, Career Counselor and International Educator Empowering Global Scholars 
 Call Center Manager and Call Center Trainer for Global Call Centers 
 Youngevity Buyer Beware: Youngevity Mighty 90 - Vitamins, Multivitamins and Health Products 
 Chipotle Mexican Food, Chipotle Corporate Social Responsibility Failures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   awesome   believe   breakout   breakthrough   college   communications   cruise   demons   diversity   divine   dollar   dream   empowering   evangelism   evangelist   family   fun   globe   happiness   happy   heart   international   kids   knowledge   ladies   lake   liberation   life   living   love   men   miracles   money   motivational   mpi   obama   oprah   pain   passion   peace   people   politics   power   prevention   publisher   purpose   revelation   rich   salvation   secrets   seminar   sex   souls   speaker   spirit   spiritual   spirituality   student   students   success   supernatural   teach   the secret   transformation   truth   united   uplift   usa   value   war   wealth   wisdom   women   world 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carter on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joe on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 andrei  on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 P on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 Jong on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 61,932 hits 
 
 
 
 Paul F Davis - Weblog  * Transformation & Living Your Dreams! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
