  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Visual Basic Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Visual Basic Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/visual-basic) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Victorian Tamil Software 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Deadline: 14 Bids: 1 
 I need services on the below area: 
 
 
 Create Victorian Tamil Software (VTK) which can sit and work as a Third Party Application in... 
a.    MS Office 
b.    Adobe 
c.    Open Office 
d. 
Other popular application groups 
I already have the .xml (OR .txt) files for 43 different types of Tamil fonts and you only need to develop the software which can invoke Tamil letters associated with the Roman character combination. 
 
 
 An independent software & converter that can work in Windows, Linux, Unix, Apple, RedHead, Android etc. The converter 
 
 
 As a portable application that can be carried in a thump-drive. 
 
 
 The software which will behave like a Ribbon in MS Office will also check and convert the Tamil fonts from one group to another. For example, from TAM to Unicode. One of the menu in VICTORIAN ribbon will be ‘click-typing’ where the user can choose the Tamil letters same like choosing Symbols in Insert menu. 
 
 
 An interactive web page that can be administrated by myself in the future. It should take orders of the physical keyboards which I will order from overseas, sales transactions, record complaints, and testimonies. 
 
 
 Tamil Unicode, tam & lt-tm fonts of 600. The names for these fonts will be given later. 
 
 
 Android and IPhone interactive game where the player need to type given Tamil technical terms related to ICT. The motive is to introduce Victorian Tamil Keyboard as well as Tamil technical terms. Just think of various mode of Chess game such as 1-1 player, time rushing, group game etc. 
The list of Tamil vocabs will be given later to the successful bidder. 
 
 
 You can download Victorian Software and compare it with another type of similar applications to have the idea for this project. The link is:  http://demo.acetouch.com.my/ 
 Thank you. 
 Johnson Victor. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad, Other 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Utility - Utility application (flash, calculator, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  J. V. Last reply: 6 days ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 2 Different Whatsapp & Telegram for Windows Pc 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Deadline: 10 Bids: 2 
 Whatsapp & Telegram will be 2 different system for Windows PC 
- Using Whatsapp & Telegram API 
- need to login to enter the system 
- two different login (admin & worker), with own password 
 Whatsapp 
- Add Whatsapp button 
- Scan QR code to enter 
- Can add up to 4 different whatsapp in one screen 
- Able to scan the whatsapp QR to open chat screen (up to 4 screen) 
 Telegram 
- Add Telegram button 
- Login to enter 
- Can add up to 4 different telegram in one screen 
- Able to sign in with telegram to open chat screen (up to 4 screen) 
 User will be as below: 
Worker: 
- Can only see alias. The client number will be hidden. Exp: Alias 1, Alias 2, and so on 
- Can only reply to the alias. 
 Admin: 
- Can filter the contact by how long Alias (contact) not in contact with company. 
- It will show out in a list if equal or more than 2 weeks not in contact with company 
- Download button to download the list of contact in csv. 
- Only admin can see the contact number. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Required platforms  : Other 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  G. C. Last reply: 6 days ago  Singapore 
 USD 250 - 500 
 22 days ago 
 Emv software 
 Published: 22 days ago  Bids: 2 
 I need to make emv software 
Read and write jcob card and generate arqc . Another details i will give later                    vv 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  N. K. Last reply: 22 days ago  Malaysia 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Develop a Visual Basic Application 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We need a Visual Basic (5, 6, or 2008) app to manually and automatically create 1-90 Bingo Cards and store them on an Access Database. The goal is to replicate how cards are created here:  https://myfreebingocards.com/numbers/1-90/edit  Can you do it? 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  S. Last reply: 2 months ago  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 4 months ago 
 Desktop App - Stock Trading Journal 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Complete trading journal analyzing the performance of stock/forex/commodities. 
Users will have the option to input 1 trade at a time or import data from different brokers. 
The users will be presented with their YTD, monthly, weekly, date range performance. 
The users will be able to see their hit rate and average win/loss percentages. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Windows, Mac OS 
 Published by:  S. J. O. Last reply: 4 months ago  Philippines 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 C# Developer (with Vb 6.0) 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 8 
 You will work at an aircraft construction project. You will develop the ultrasound scanning system for scanning large aircraft parts. You will be responsible for developing a new application and adding features to the existing application, while assisting our customers. 
 Responsibilities: 
Design, develop and deploy activities using problem solving principles and past experience; 
Refactor and improve the application using modern standards and tests; 
Port the system from VP to С#; 
Develops a new generation of the product 
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. 
 Requirements: 
Experience with Visual Basic 6 and COM Interface; 
C# development experience; 
Strong conceptual and analytical skills; 
Familiarity with various design and architectural patterns. 
 Will be a plus: 
Good spoken and written English; 
Experience at projects related to network/ hardware management systems 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  D. K. Ukraine 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 10 months ago 
 Code migration and optimization from Vb6 to Java 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 0 
 We need to migrate fully functional code from VB6 to Java for an Online Game. 
I will provide both Server and Client Source Code in VB6. Further details and scope in the proyect context. 
We want also android/IOs apps to be developed so game can be accessible through the desktop client and through mobile devices. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. Last reply: 10 months ago  Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
