Washington Workers' Advisor 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Archives 
 Causey Wright 
 
 Search for: 
 Search 
 Vocational Retraining 
 KING 5 - State Launching an Investigation Into Office Careers 
 February 26, 2020   Kit Case   1 Comment 
 Washington State is launching an investigation into  Office Careers  after KING 5 Investigations’ Susannah Frame reported on the company’s practices. Ms. Frame’s investigation reports, “School of Broken Promises,” have aired over the past couple of weeks. Information reported prompted the State to look into the practices of Office Careers and it’s treatment of students. 
 Susannah Frame is the Chief Investigative Reporter and Specialty Reporting Coach at KING 5. Ms. Frame’s investigation of  Office Careers , an unaccredited training facility in Renton, WA, has drawn the attention of the Department of Labor and Industries and Workforce, which oversees retraining programs, including those for injured workers. Workforce is now launching an investigation into Office Careers. 
 Office Careers provides retraining to workers injured on the job, paid for by the Department of Labor and Industries (DLI). In a multi-part series, Ms. Frame laid out, in detail, what she found when she looked into the practices and results of Office Careers. 
 
 Washington state has paid millions of dollars to the uncredited, online school that aims to re-train injured workers for office jobs. 
 Susannah Frame, KING 5 Investigations 
 
 Part 3: Washington State Regulators Launch Investigation Into Office Careers 
 KING 5 Investigations by Susannah Frame | Aired February 25, 2020 
 Watch the Video 
 In the third segment of the series, Ms. Frame meets with Jim Parker, Chief Investigating Officer at WA State’s Workforce Board. Workforce is launching an investigation into Office Careers and it’s practices will determine if it has been involved in unfair business practices. Mr. Parker’s investigation will determine whether Office Careers maintains a license to provide retraining services in Washington State. 
 Ms. Frame also interviewed an injured worker who, after eleven months of training, says she fears becoming homeless as she faces losing her workers’ compensation benefits. Her retraining plan is scheduled to end next month, yet she says has gained no skills that would allow her to obtain an office job. 
 Ms. Frame notes that David Johnson, owner of Office Careers, disagrees with the information she has been reporting. He continues to defend the practices of Office Careers instructors and the value of retraining received through their programs. 
 What  Should  Happen When Retraining Ends 
 After completing a valid retraining program, an injured worker should have gained the skills and experience to re-enter the job market. The Department of Labor and Industries issues a determination that the injured worker is employable, based on the completion of the retraining plan. Time loss compensation benefits end with this determination of employability. 
 In most cases, the claim moves towards claim closure. However, sometimes claims can remain open for ongoing medical treatment, if indicated, even if the injured worker is back to work and time loss compensation benefits are no longer being paid. 
 Unemployment Benefits May Be Payable 
 Wage and hours worked data is used by the State of Washington’s Employment Security Department to determine eligibility for unemployment insurance compensation for all workers. Unemployment benefits are usually paid to a worker after a layoff. But, when a worker is injured on the job, their eligibility data is frozen while they are off of work. 
 If the injured worker was qualified to receive unemployment benefits on the date of their injury - and, if they were not off of work for 6+ years - unemployment benefits may be payable after time loss compensation ends. 
 In most cases, unemployment can be paid during the job search phase, while the injured worker is looking for physically-appropriate work or a job in their new field after retraining. Additional assistance can be provided by Worksource. This can include additional skill-building sessions, such as interview or resume writing classes. It can also include assistance with a job search, as well as the vast database of open jobs maintained by Worksource. 
 We have worked with many, many clients who successfully complete retraining programs and return to work in a new career. For many injured workers, quality vocational retraining programs bring the greatest, long-term benefit after an injury. Restoring earning capacity and/or finding satisfying work goes a long way towards making an injured whole after an accident. 
 Have Questions? Get Answers. 
 If you, or a friend or family member, have any questions or concerns about a workers’ compensation claim, please feel free to contact our firm. We offer a free case analysis and are happy to discuss your questions and concerns with you. 
 Prior Posts with Related Content 
 [KING 5 INVESTIGATION OF OFFICE CAREERS](http://KING 5 INVESTIGATION OF OFFICE CAREERS) -  Includes Parts 1 & 2 of the series, “School of Broken Promises.” 
 RETURN TO WORK – VOCATIONAL SERVICES 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 KING5 Office Careers Susannah Frame WA State Investigation 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostKING 5 Investigation of Office Careers Next PostKING 5 - Moratorium on Office Careers 
 WELCOME TO OUR BLOG 
 Causey Wright  is a nationally recognized firm serving clients in Washington State and across the nation. 
 Causey Wright dedicates our practice to assisting those injured or disabled with Washington State Workers' Compensation, Longshore & Harbor Worker, Defense Base Act and Maritime cases. We also represent workers and their families in cases that derive from exposure to asbestos. 
 We do not represent corporations, insurers or employers. We limit our practice to representing individuals who have been injured or disabled, on the job or through the fault of another. 
 Professional mediation services are provided to parties in these areas of law, in our Seattle office or at your chosen location, by Jay Causey under CAUSEY MEDIATION. 
 The referral of a new client is the greatest compliment we can receive. If you know someone in need of our services, please contact us today. Call (206) 292-8627 for a free case analysis. 
 OUR TEAM 
 Brian Wright 
 Brian represents injured and disabled workers with workers’ compensation claims before the Washington State Department of Labor & Industries and those covered by the federal Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, which includes waterfront workers, overseas defense contractors (Defense Base Act), and domestic non-appropriated fund employees at U.S. military installations (Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentalities Act). Brian also represents victims of asbestos-related diseases and their families, and he litigates the occasional Jones Act/maritime case. He takes particular interest in complex cases.  Read More » 
 Jane Dale 
 Jane Dale handles Washington State workers' compensation claims from initial filing through the administrative level and, when required, through all stages of litigation and higher court appeals.  Read More » 
 Jay Causey 
 Jay Causey has practiced for over 38 years in the area of workers' compensation and disability law, including Washington State workers' compensation claims, Longshore and Harbor workers' Act cases, Defense Base Act and maritime injury claims. CAUSEY MEDIATION provides mediation services to parties involved in these types of cases.  Read More » 
 Connect with us 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 RSS 
 Twitter 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Affordable Care Act   Asbestos   ballot initiative   benefits   citations   Coronavirus   COVID-19   Disability   employer   employer citation   Essential Workers   Face Masks   Facebook   fall protection   Fatality   Fines   fraud   health insurance   I-1082   IME   Industrial Strength Law   injury   Longshore   Minimum Wage   misclassification   Nebraska   New York   NIOSH   Obamacare   osha   Port of Seattle   Premiums   Rates   reform   return to work   Roofers   safety   Safety Violations   Training   violations   wage theft   WILG   worker safety   workers' compensation   Workplace Safety 
 TOPICS 
 TOPICS Select Category Accessible Design Accommodations Affordable Care Act AFL-CIO Age Discrimination AMA Guides to Causation AMA Guides to Impairment American Workers AmeriCorps Apprenticeships Arbitration Asbestos Attorney Profile Attorneys Benefits Boeing Boeing Centennial Breast Cancer Budget Cuts Business Travel Cancer car carpal tunnel Case Study Causey Law Firm Causey Wright Causey Wright Team CDC centers for disease control and prevention chemical exposure Chemical ExposureGovernment chronic pain Colman Ferry Dock Community Construction Updates Contractor Fraud Contractor Penalties Coronavirus Corporate Welfare Costs Courts Coverage Decision Crime Victims customs David McCullough Death Defense Base Act Defense Medical Exam Disability Disability Assistance Disability Inclusion disability law discrimination Distracted Driving DLI DME doctor Doctors And Medical drug and pharmaceutical law drug and pharmaceutical-law Dust Elder Law Election Election 2018 employees Employer Fraud Employer Misconduct Employer Retaliation Employers Employment employment discrimination employment law Employment status Endorsements Equal Pay Evaluations Fair Outcomes Family and Medical Leave Farm Labor Contractor Fatalities on the Job federal oversight Federal work comp fighting fraud Firm News Food Stamps Foot Drop Fraud Future Medical Expenses Going Back to School government Grand Bargain Hanford Hanford Chemical Exposure Hanford Workers Happy Holidays Health health insurance Health Update Healthcare History history of workers' compensation Holdiay Holiday Holiday Greetings Hot Coffee IME IMEs Immigration Independent Medical Exam independent medical examiner Industry Influenza Infrastructure injured at home injury Injury Claim Coverage Injury Reporting Insurance insurance carriers insurance regulation Internships Interpreter Services Iowa jernigan law firm Jobs joint replacement Labor Latex Allergy Lay-Offs Layoff or Closure legal Legal Aide Legal Updates Legislation Licensed Contractors Local Government Longshore Longshore Act Longshore Compensation Rates loss of sense of smell loss of sense of taste Manufacturing Maritime Medical Medical Care medical condition medical costs Medicare Medicine mental injuries Mental injury Minimum Wage Misclassification Nebraska News Northwest Seaport Alliance NY Times occupational asthma Occupational Disease olfactory nerve Omaha opioid Opioid Epidemic Orville Wright OSHA Paid Family and Medical Leave Paid Family Leave Pain Killers penalties Penalty permanent injury Plant Closure Plutocart Policy Politics Port of Seattle Port of Tacoma Ports Presentation Prevailing Wage private investigator PTSD Railroad Safety READER REVIEW Reed Johnson Reform Regulations relationships retaliation Return to Work RICO Rulemaking Safety safety gear safety rules Safety Violation Safety violations safety-gear safety-rules Seattle Viaduct Replacement service industry Severe Violator Enforcement Program Shipping Social Media Social Security social security disability Social Security Offset Social Securtiy sports State Government Stress Supreme Court task force Technology telecommuting employees Temporary Help The Boeing Company Transit truck driver truckers Trucking Trucking Safety Tunnel Maintenance Trucks Types of injuries Uncategorized Unemployment Unions University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center v. Nassar Unpaid Wages Unregistered Contractor Vance v. Ball State University Veterans Employment Viaduct Removal Vinyl Chloride Vocational Retraining WA Health Benefit Exchange Wage and Hour Law Wage and Rates Wages Wages and Benefits WARN Wilbur Wright work comp Work Comp Legislation Work Hours work injuries Work Injury work-related asthma Worker Benefits Worker Health Worker Lay-Off Worker Pay Worker Protection worker rights Worker Safety Worker Safety Overseas Worker Training Worker Wages Workers workers comp workers comp basics workers comp q & a workers comp q&a workers comp qa workers comp qanda Workers Compensation workers compensation basics Workers Finish Retraining Programs workers-comp-basics workers-compensation Workers' Compensation Workers' Compensation Coverage Workers' Compensation Reform Working People working-in-car Workplace Accidents workplace harassment Workplace Hazard workplace injury workplace relationships workplace safety workplace violence workplace-injury Workplaces Wright Brothers Wright Brothers Memorial wrongful termination WSAJ 
 Follow Us On Twitter @Causey_Wright 
 My Tweets 
 Published by Causey Wright 
 Published By: 
 CONTACT US 
 Email 
 reachus@causeywright.com 
 Phone 
Toll Free: 800-223-4529 
Local: 206-292-8627 
 Office Address 
2601 4th Avenue, Suite 700 
Seattle, Washington 98121 
 Mailing Address 
P.O.Box 34538 
Seattle, Washington 98124 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Blog Navigation 
 
 Home 
 Archives 
 Causey Wright 
 
  Proudly powered by WordPress  
 %d bloggers like this: 
