  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Head of People 
 at OTHERWORLD 
 go back to People and Other Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤55000 - ₤75000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤55000 - ₤75000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Your opportunity to build a People function from the ground up and support a high-performing culture -- in a rapidly-growing leader in a brand new industry at the intersection of technology, entertainment and hospitality. 
 OTHERWORLD 
 The Dream Corporation is building OTHERWORLD: an island paradise reached through a growing network of immersion rooms. Already the UK's favourite VR experience, over 50,000 people have visited OTHERWORLD including Adele, Skepta, KSI, Fnatic and Jonathan Ross, earning it Entertainment Venue of the Year in the Frame Awards 2020 and a nomination for the VR Awards 2020. 
 Founded in 2017, The Dream Corporation has raised more than £3.7 million from leading venture capital funds to assemble a top team of creatives, technicians and hospitality experts. From its HQ in East London, the close-knit team plans in 2021 to expand to an additional four UK sites, launch an international franchise programme, and take interactive entertainment to levels of immersion and presence which have never before been achieved. 
 Head of People 
 Over the next 18 months, OTHERWORLD will grow from a team of 30 to 150, recruiting a diverse team into roles in technology, art, hospitality, finance, sales, marketing and growth. 
 We're a close-knit team, dedicated and passionate about each other's and OTHERWORLD's success. We want to preserve and build upon the best in our culture, while also ensuring it will enable even higher performance at scale. 
 Across culture, organisational design, recruitment, learning and development, performance management and communications we need to build structures, processes and assets which will enable this growth and maximise our team's success and happiness. 
 We're looking for an ambitious Head of People to help us achieve this. 
 You're an experienced leader with a background in People or HR functions earned either in technology startups or from leisure and hospitality. You thrive on challenge and diversity, and the opportunity excites you to help scale a multi-faceted business, supporting both head office teams in London and front-line hospitality and operations teams around the UK. 
 As Head of People, you'll be based in our East London office, work closely with the founders and join our top leadership team. You'll report to Chris Adams, CEO and Co-Founder. You'll build out our People team as we scale. 
 You will: 
 
 Support and sustain a vibrant, high-performing culture which serves as an asset for the business and drives our success as we grow 
 Become 'chief evangelist' for our values, taking the lead on articulating and evolving them and other culture assets (e.g. culture deck) to maintain a cohesive sense of purpose and help new joiners get off to a flying start 
 Identify opportunities and lead initiatives to improve our culture and organisational health 
 Lead our recruitment strategy and source, attract and onboard excellent new colleagues 
 Build our approach to learning, development and progression, defining role and competency frameworks and empowering your colleagues to reach their full potential 
 Define and manage our approach to feedback, reviews and performance management 
 Support the founders and leadership team with organisational development and planning, leadership development and internal communications; and oversee office management 
 Coach managers across the business in best practices, in particular around recruitment, development and performance management 
 Ensure we offer a competitive package to our team members, balancing pay, share options, perks and other benefits 
 Support managers in core HR issues including disputes and disciplinary action, ensuring that our processes are fair, robust and legal, and obtaining appropriate external legal advice as required 
 Speak with the 'voice of the team', engaging our colleagues and understanding what they are thinking and feeling 
 Ensure our people processes support diversity and inclusivity 
 Keep up to speed with the latest thinking and approaches to people ops, and ensure OTHERWORLD is a leader in the field 
 
 Requirements 
 
 3+ years of experience in or significant exposure to HR or people ops in a high-growth business; or experience of leading people or organisational health initiatives as a top-tier management consultant 
 Track record of developing and implementing key HR/people ops systems, structures and initiatives successfully 
 Strong ability to build relationships, with excellent leadership, communication and stakeholder management skills 
 Fact-driven approach to problem-solving 
 Excellent 'EQ' and ability to empathise with colleagues at all levels of the business 
 Commitment to candid feedback and "radical honesty" 
 Well-oriented and firmly-held professional values and sense of integrity 
 Passion for interactive entertainment, technology and hospitality 
 Positive, enthusiastic personality with the ambition and drive to succeed in a high-growth business 
 Comprehensive day-to-day understanding of employment law 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Fantastic opportunity to work with a leader in a new industry, scaling quickly with VC backing 
 Genuine influence and authority as a member of our top leadership team, with the potential for huge impact on OTHERWORLD's success 
 Competitive salary and share option package dependent on experience and aptitude 
 Performance related bonuses - share in the team's success whilst being rewarded for exceptional personal contribution 
 Discounts on VR, drinks and food in our venues 
 Responsibility for what gets added to this list! 
 
 Published at 16 Dec 2020 - Expires on 16 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  OTHERWORLD 
 fulltime  Finance Associate  at OTHERWORLD in London 
 __04-01-2021 
 fulltime  Sales, Reservations and Support Agent  at OTHERWORLD in London 
 __04-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
