Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 MP Science 
 MP Entertainment 
 MP Social 
 MP Health 
 
 themillennialperspective 
 Addressing stories with a Millennial Perspective 
 Tag: Career 
 Education Proclamation 
 Posted on  September 12, 2012September 12, 2012  by  themillennialperspective 
 
 People often talk about how hard school is, or how hard learning is. Well, I'd like to respectfully disagree. Not only for the obvious point that if you do what you like, anything is fun and easy, but I will delve more into what it makes easier, and how the only thing is doesn't help, particularly in British Columbia, is the wallet. 
 Post Secondary leads to a better life. This is a broad statement, but what I refer to is the fact that it opens up opportunities, MANY opportunities just by having a diploma. It shows employers that you are more trainable than others in that you can pick up a skill quickly after being briefly taught. This is a skill many don't have, even some that DO have post secondary education, however, it does significantly help with applying places. Not just jobs either, careers. Never again will you have to work a 9 to 5 if you chose not to. School allows you freedom to chose a field that better suits your sleeping patterns, work preferences, etc. again, simply by having that little magical slip of paper. 
 
 Post secondary helps you meet new people. I can't tell you how many new people I have met through school, many being new friends, friend I am sure I will keep for the rest of my life. Friends that will go on to do great things as well. Friends I will work with in the future. Friends that can introduce me to even more friends that strive towards the same distant, yet, attainable goal. A wise man once said life is like a box of chocolates, and what is a box of chocolates with only one chocolate in it? 
 
 LEARNING in general increases intellect if you're doing it right. Chances are if you're reading my blog and keeping up to date with it your intellect has improved (haha). But if you're watching Jersey Shore and reading Snooki's book while following tabloids on the side, chances are you are REDUCING your intellect. 
 
 Personally through my experience in advancing my English skills, I have gained a broad sense of our language, and have adapted an outstanding vocabulary. Friends of mine are often shocked at my ability to use words, and that I don't always use big words when they find out just how extensive my vocabulary is. However, I don't type like it often because I do not speak like it. In today's day and age, most people have a very minute knowledge base of their own language, and that's okay (well not really, but whatever). It's my job as a writer to acknowledge this fact and bend my own words so everyone understands. However, my point can be summed up easily. I don't know how many times I've avoided sounding like a jerk by saying someone lacks intellect, rather than saying they are stupid. This is because if I say someone lacks intellect, most people won't know what it means, and the ones that do will still take a few moments to think about it, giving me enough time to run for the hills in case they throw the first punch. 
 
 All in all, education is the best thing we can do for ourselves, or if we are lucky, the best gift our parents can give us. I consider myself lucky to live in a country that allows such educational opportunities and a world of freedom once my eyes fully open. And ultimately, the tuition and textbooks can be next to nothing in the grand scheme of things. To end things off, I will quote another movie, my favorite movie, in saying: You know, if you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything. 
 So go out, get educated, avoid tabloids, and have fun. You only get one chance to prove you've got IT. 
 
 Tagged  Accomplish ,  Back to the ,  British Columbia ,  Build ,  Canada ,  Career ,  College ,  Diploma ,  Douglas ,  Education ,  Employers ,  English ,  Forrest Gump ,  Freedom ,  Friends ,  Future ,  Government ,  Hard ,  Intellect ,  Jersey Shore ,  Knowledge ,  Language ,  Learning ,  Making ,  Post ,  Power ,  Proclamation ,  School ,  Secondary ,  Snooki ,  Tabloids ,  Vancouver ,  Vocabulary ,  Words Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Re-design 
 Fight, Flight, Freeze Response 
 What is Anxiety? 
 Guardians of the Galaxy Review 
 Belize, the Central America Paradise 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 [Anxiety Blog 3 
 the…](https://themillenialperspective.wordpress.com/2014/01/31/anxiety-blog-3/) on  Thank You, Bell 
 
 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 Web agency  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 fsmail  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 August 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 March 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Anxiety Essay Format Gaming Hip Hop Movies MP Entertainment MP Health MP Social Pep Talk Poems Published Articles Quotes From Clayton S. Cyre Speeches from Clayton Cyre Sports Technology The Budget The World from a Millennial The World That WE created Top 5 Travel Uncategorized World News from a Millennial 
 Info 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 @Claytoncyre 
 
 @ CTVNews  I’m opposed to far right and far left. Let’s not become barbaric here.  6 hours ago 
 When abouts will the Design Lab return @ Xbox   #Xbox  ? 🤔 I have a purchase to make 💁‍♂️  https://t.co/bOAPxROlK2   6 hours ago 
 @ FiteTV  @ RandyOrton  Legend killer  7 hours ago 
 @ CTVNews  He’s a champion in more ways than one.  8 hours ago 
 @ carleyxcarter  Of course 😁 looking forward to more 🙏  8 hours ago 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
