Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Call Centre Agent 
 Medvisit Doctors Housecalls 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are one of the largest after hours doctors housecall services in Ontario. We are looking for call centre agents to help take calls from patients and schedule and dispatch them to doctors. We have a range of shifts from 4 to 8 hours each and can be flexible with days and times. We are open from 8 am to midnight 7 days a week, 365 days a day including all holidays. We are looking for people who are available during the day, evenings until midnight and during the weekend. 
 We are looking for staff who are polite, patient and have a strong command of the English language. We are looking for strong communicators as this is a large part of the position. We work as a team and support each other, both within the office and within the large network of doctors that we work with. 
 Previous experience in call centre would be an asset but is not required. 
 Required skills are: 
 
 Strong work ethic 
 Dedication to the position 
 Accurate 
 Timely - not late and works each shift 
 Computer skills is necessary as our system is highly automated 
 Strong knowledge of the GTA - regions, districts, cities, major intersections, etc 
 
 If you are interested in this position, please forward your resume. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Thank you for your interest. 
 Part-time hours: 20 - 30 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-08-31 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $14.00-$16.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual Dress 
 Flexible Schedule 
 On-site Parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 Hour Shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night Shift 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Our building has a high level of COVID-19 protocols in place. Masks are needed to access the building. Our office is cleaned nightly and we have cleaning protocols in place. Entry to our office can only be accessed by staff. 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 North York, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
