Skip to content 
 
 Prestige Business Solutions 
 Work Hard | Play Harder 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact Prestige Business Solutions 
 Meet The Team Tuesday 
 
 3 Tips to Rock your Interview and Land the Job 
 May 18, 2016 
 3 Tips to Rock your Interview and Land the Job 
 Spring is the time when a lot of companies have open positions. With the new birth of flowers and warm weather, many people get the itch to switch jobs. Prestige Business Solutions has 3 tips to ace your interview. 
 
 Dress like a boss. 
 
 The best way to feel confident during your interview is to be the best-dressed person in the room. By dressing like you own the place you will give off the impression that you have the ability to actually run the place. Don’t try any crazy styles out unless you are interviewing for a creative position (graphic designer, artist, interior designer). 
 
 Think before you speak. 
 
 Often times we start talking immediately after someone asks a question. An interview is a time to give well thought through responses and that takes a little time. Take a couple seconds to think about your answer before you let the words start rolling out of your mouth. Silence is okay for a few seconds. 
 
 Do your research and Ask Questions. 
 
 The easiest way to give the impression that you are not interested in the job is to come in unprepared. You wouldn’t buy a house without doing some research about it. So why would you go into an interview without doing any research? Look through the company’s website and social media. Ask questions about things you need clarification on. Are you unclear about the job description in the ad? Ask about it. Wondering how the person interviewing you got started in the business? Ask them! We have the answers and are excited to share them with you! 
 Prestige Business Solutions is confident if you follow these 3 tips and you will land your dream job in no time! 
 For more information on our careers, check us out online . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Permalink . 
 Post navigation 
  Bad Habits that Kill Productivity and How to Avoid Them 
 Overcoming the Obstacle of Fear  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Like Us on Facebook 
 
 Like Us on Facebook 
 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Setting Achievable Goals 
 Stress Relieving Daily Habits 
 Prestige Business Solutions, Inc Celebrates Two Year Anniversary! 
 Getting to Know Yourself for Success 
 Does Drive Mean More than Talent When it Comes to Success? 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2019 
 November 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
