
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Electrical Engineer, Analog/RF 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Electrical Engineer, Analog/RF 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Electrical%20Engineer%2C%20Analog%2FRF&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13492689/electrical-engineer-analog-rf/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 March 28, 2020 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation's future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D; 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department;of Energy's (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. 
 Organizational Overview 
 The mission of the Collider-Accelerator Department (C-AD) is to operate, maintain, improve, and upgrade the suite of electron, proton, and heavy ion accelerators used to carry out a program of accelerator-based experiments at Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL). To support this program, the C-AD must design, fabricate, assemble, test, install, and operate unique research equipment to generate, transport, transfer, accelerate, focus, track, collide, and absorb high intensity particle beams up to energies of 250 GeV. This includes a combination of custom designed and built parts and vendor produced components developed by a collaboration of the C-AD scientific, engineering, and technical staff. The C-AD supports an international user community of over 1,500 scientists. The C-AD performs all these functions in an environmentally responsible and safe manner, under a rigorous conduct of operations approach. 
 Position Description 
 The Collider Accelerator Department has an opening for an Electrical Engineer to design, develop, integrate, commission and support the operation of complex beam line instrumentation systems. These include beam current and charge monitoring devices, screen and wire transverse profile monitors, position monitors, and tune meters. The position involves responsibilities for new and existing beam instrumentation systems, signal processing electronics, calibrations, interface to the Linux based Controls system and overall performance to meet the needs of the physics program. Will work as a contributing and productive member of a team of engineers and assist in the direction of technicians during all phases of component selection, prototyping, construction, commissioning and equipment operation. The Accelerator Components & Instrumentation Group is responsible for operation and upgrade of a wide variety of beam instrumentation systems for the RHIC (Relatvistic Heavy Ion Collider) complex of particle accelerators and other existing and planned accelerator systems. This will require understanding of systems details within your responsibility and understanding how and why they are important to the overall operation of the machines. Must possess the keen ability to push the leading edge and recommend methods for solving problems. 
 Position Requirements 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Requires a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or closely related field 
 A minimum of seven years relevant experience 
 Knowledge of analog and digital electronic circuits and troubleshooting experience to the component level 
 Experience with electronics test equipment, scopes, spectrum analyzers and multi-meters. 
 Use of CAD design tools for electronic circuit simulation and design 
 Excellent written and verbal communication and good interpersonal skills are required to interact with a diverse group of scientists and technical staff 
 Ability to support a team with diverse skills and talents during all phases of design, construction, testing, repair and upgrade of existing equipment and operations support 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 MS degree in electrical engineering 
 Prior experience with particle beam current and charge monitoring, transverse profile and position measurement and tune meter systems. 
 Experience with RF and analog circuit design, amplifiers, gated integrators, digitizers and digital signal processing, 
 Experience with P-Spice, Cadence and LabVIEW software. 
 Experience with Linux operating systems, FPGA programming and Microsoft Office applications. 
 
 OTHER: 
 
 Must be able to lift up to 30 lbs 
 Must be able to work at heights of up to five (5) feet 
 Must have valid driver's license 
 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical Plans 
 Dental Plans 
 Vacation 
 Holidays 
 Life Insurance 
 401(k) Plan 
 Retirement Plan 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Swimming Pool, Weight Room, Tennis Courts, and many other employee perks and benefits 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2139 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Sr. Maintenance Technician, Thin Film Coating 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Machine Vision/Image Analysis) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Applications Specialist 
 __  Newton, Virginia 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
