Diane's Puppets kids party heaven 
 
 About 
 
 Taking the stress out of your child's annual celebrations! 
 I Love My Job 
 May 22, 2012 
 "I love my job!" 
 How many times do you hear people say that? 
 Not often, I can guarantee. 
 But I say it almost every time I go out to work. 
 Granted , in my 20 years of being a London Children's Entertainer there have been times where I have reminded myself of the fact that 'This is why it is called work ( and not play) " and I have put my nose to the metaphorical grindstone ( the alternative would be a bit ouchy!) and got on with the job of being an entertainer and puppeteer . Those few times have usually been when I was faced with difficult circumstances like noise ( usually the grown-ups on the sauce I'm afraid…no , not ketchup!) or just too much being thrown at the children all at once. I can't stress enough times that with small children, just throwing money at the problem isn't going to solve it. With small children , less is most often more. Give them a chance to focus and you will be amazed at how much they can focus. 
 But, I can count on the fingers of one hand all the times I've not found work that fun. That isn't bad going when I've been doing this puppeteering /entertainment lark for 20 years now. 
 Last weekend was no exception. I started off on the Friday at a birthday party for lovely Otto. He was turning three and I was so delighted to be returning to this family after 8 years. They had used my puppeteering and entertainment services all those years ago for their last child when he was three. Now the big brother was 11! It was wonderful to keep this 3rd birthday party tradition going and to witness the older brother joining in from the back, still giggling at the same jokes he had enjoyed all those years ago, now he was sharing in the fun with his little brother. It was touching indeed to be part of this celebration. I sometimes feel I have the privilege of entering children's memories as that silly lady who made them laugh at their birthday. What a wonderful position to be in. 
 So that was Friday. 
 Saturday I was up bright and early and off to a morning party for the lovely Victoria. She was turning 4 . We had a blast, Victoria especially loved my puppet Fifi the Fairy. 
 
 Fifi eating her wand 
 Fifi gave out hugs and kisses at the end. 
 
 The lovely Victoria hugging Fifi ( identity protected) 
 
 Victoria and Diane after the party 
 
 He's behind you! 
 So Victoria waved goodbye to Fifi and went off home to open all her presents. I jumped into my waiting cab and zoomed off to my next party. 
 Uma was turning 5 , we had a wonderful time, again with Fifi the fairy as we told the story of how Fifi turned her teacher into a Birthday Witch whilst trying to make a Birthday Wish… ( see what I did there?) 
 Witchy Poo Poo was a great hit. 
 
 Witchy Poo in all her witchy glory 
 Again I was mistaken for Rosie.  Easy mistake to make I suppose. 
 
 spot the difference… it's the glasses isn't it? 
 I think Uma enjoyed her party, so much so that she burst into tears at the end of the show . She didn't want it to end. But after a reassuring cuddle from Fifi the fairy, I left a very happy Uma and went home to witness Chelsea winning the Champions League. 
 I thought nothing of it until the morning when I tried to book my cab to go to my Sunday morning in … Chelsea! 
 The controller calmly informed me that roads were being closed in Chelsea to prepare for the Champions League Victory Parade and that I wouldn't be able to get through to my gig. 
 PANIC! 
 After a bit of begging and pleading and cajoling, ( and giving him the exact address) we worked out between us that it was the posh end of Chelsea that I was going to , not the football end. So we'd give it a go. I gave myself a good hour to get there to deal with any traffic and crossed fingers , toes , eyes, legs and arms. 
 As it turned out, there was no traffic at all! In fact the roads were much clearer than normal. Maybe people were staying away fearing congestion? Who knows. All I know is I got to the Christening party in such good time , I was happy I'd taken my crochet. ( I'm an avid crocheter as well as being a puppet lady. I make stuff based on rainbows and fairies. I'm just a big kid at heart)  
 
 Stuff I make. 
 Well that was a very lovely day at the 'office' . So many parents stayed to watch and they laughed at my jokes and cooed at the little ones playing Sleeping Bunnies with Bobby Bunny during the show. It is a joy to watch the parents faces when I'm behind my puppet theatre as they witness their kids having so much fun. Sometimes I see a tear or two. It's touching. 
 Mummy came up to me at the end and said I was awesome and that she'd never seen her son so engaged and enthralled. 
 Gosh. 
 Blushes . 
 Waving bye bye to the lovely children , I jumped into my waiting chariot ( cab) and went forth to my next engagement. 
 Lucia was turning 3 and she was the very lucky girl who was going to have a puppet show in her very own bedroom! How exciting! 
 From my perspective, a little challenging, as the space was fairly limited and I was going to end up with a bunch of shy kids sitting really close to me and my puppets . I would have to work hard to engage their trust quickly otherwise I knew from experience that crying fever could sweep through that small space. ( Once one goes, the rest follow, I've found) 
 Well, I worked hard on my self deprecation. ( I'm a silly sausage, cheeky nunkey( sic) ) That always helps. My monkey calls me names and I don't get cross. This seems to reassure little children that I'm an alright person pretty quickly. Plus it's really silly and funny. If I can make children laugh in the first two minutes then I'm happy that the rest of the party will be fine. 
 It worked. Mummy sent me a sweet thank you email afterwards saying that Lucia is still talking about the puppet show that happened in her room. Result! 
 So yes, I love my job. 
 The hours are great, the clients are wonderful, and the best thing of all is the job satisfaction. There's nothing quite like the emotional connection that you get from children. When they like you, they REALLY like you. 
 Mind you, the flip side of that is that if they don't like you, they walk away. 
 I better make sure I keep my standards up. 
 
 It's a good life. 
 Related articles 
 
 How I became a Flairy : Or childhood dreams fulfilled.  (kidspartyheaven.wordpress.com) 
 Again, Again! Or why young children love repetition  (kidspartyheaven.wordpress.com) 
 350 years later, show still packs a Punch (and Judy)  (nzherald.co.nz) 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Category: 
 Humor ,  Kids ,  Musings ,  Relationships ,  special occasions 
 2  Comments 
 Tagged with: 
 
 Job satisfaction 
 kids entertainer 
 Musings about life 
 puppeteer 
 
 Diamond Jubilee : My tribute to HRH 
 A very Special Birthday : A picture story. 
 Comments on:  "I Love My Job" (2) 
 
 babyjill7...Marilyn Griffin   said: 
 
 May 22, 2012 at 12:33 pm 
 I loved my job too…working with kids…Isn't it wonderful!…So happy you found and do what you love…makes life so much better! ~mkg 
 
 
 Attention! It's not so hard. « Diane's Puppets kids party heaven   said: 
 
 July 12, 2012 at 8:31 pm 
 […] I Love My Job (kidspartyheaven.wordpress.com) Share this:FacebookDiggStumbleUponTwitterRedditPinterestLike this:LikeBe the first to like this. […] 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,094 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 2-5 years  (13) Birthday parties  (59)    Children's parties  (24) British blogs  (1) Celebrations  (28) Cheap party ideas  (17) Diane's Puppets  (66) Early years  (10) Events  (12) Face painting  (16) family  (10) for parents  (19) Holidays  (16) Home  (1) Humor  (14) Humour  (19) Kids  (23) London mums  (5) Mental Health  (4) Musings  (1) nostalgia  (4) Parenting  (7) Party games  (6) Party planning  (3) Party themes  (8) Pets  (1) puppets  (54)    Traditional stories  (24)       Child Psychology  (19) Relationships  (6) Silent Sunday  (1) Social media  (3) special occasions  (18) Stories  (6) UK mums  (2) Video  (5) Wordless Wednesday  (1) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The final curtain : Time to say Bye Bye. 
 Don't judge a fairystory by it's cover : A story about self-esteem 
 Best shop in the world chooses Diane's Puppets 
 When Two Worlds Collide ( in crochet) 
 Don't Panic Mr Mainwaring! 
 
 Please like me on Facebook 
 
 Please like me on Facebook 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2014 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 
 What do I chat about? 
 Arts   Arts and Entertainment   Big Bad Wolf   Birthday   Birthday cake   Birthday Girl   birthday parties   birthday party   Butterfly   Child   Child psychology   children   Children's entertainer   Children's parties   Children's party entertainer   Children Youth and Family   Christmas   Craft   Crafts   Crochet   Cute   Dogs   Dragon   Easter   Easter Bunny   entertainer   Entertainment   Facebook   facepaint   Facepainting   Face painting   fairies   fairy   Fairy tale   Family   funny   games   holiday   Home   How to   humour   Inner child   London   London birthday party puppet entertainer   London Children's entertainer   magic   Making puppets   Mermaid   Parties   party   party bags   party entertainer   party games   party themes   Performing Arts   Pirates   Planning   Punch and Judy   Puppet   puppeteer   Puppetry   Puppets   puppet show   puppet shows   Recession   Silent Sunday   silly   South Africa   Storytelling   Tiger   Twitter   Video   Videojug   Wordless Wednesday   Youtube 
 Blogroll 
 
 Crochet Bright and Beautiful 
 Cute party ideas 
 Diane gets crafty- my craft blog 
 Diane on Pininterest 
 Diane's Puppets 
 Great party bag kit ideas 
 Life as an Art Form 
 Motherhood Diaries 
 Mum et Moi 
 My folksy shop 
 Partyrama: UK party supplies 
 
 Places I like 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 My Twitter 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 Hello everyone ! 
 
 Diane of Diane's Puppets, providing entertainment and silly antics for London's children for over 18 years. 
 Tag Cloud 
 
 Puppet 
 London 
 Birthday 
 Entertainment 
 Puppetry 
 fairy 
 Puppets 
 Face painting 
 Parties 
 Children's entertainer 
 Facepainting 
 funny 
 Easter Bunny 
 Crochet 
 party 
 puppet show 
 Punch and Judy 
 puppeteer 
 humour 
 puppet shows 
 Easter 
 How to 
 Youtube 
 party entertainer 
 Child 
 fairies 
 Performing Arts 
 Recession 
 party games 
 birthday party 
 Tiger 
 Dragon 
 Mermaid 
 London Children's entertainer 
 facepaint 
 entertainer 
 Crafts 
 Christmas 
 Videojug 
 Children's parties 
 children 
 Home 
 Family 
 Fairy tale 
 Big Bad Wolf 
 Child psychology 
 Arts 
 Dogs 
 Video 
 Facebook 
 Birthday cake 
 London birthday party puppet entertainer 
 holiday 
 games 
 Cute 
 Children's party entertainer 
 birthday parties 
 Craft 
 Twitter 
 Storytelling 
 Butterfly 
 Wordless Wednesday 
 Pirates 
 Planning 
 party bags 
 silly 
 South Africa 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 magic 
 Children Youth and Family 
 Inner child 
 Making puppets 
 Silent Sunday 
 Birthday Girl 
 party themes 
 Jingle Bells 
 Santa Claus 
 Christmas puppet show 
 Xmas 
 CBeebies 
 ChineseNewYear 
 Childhood 
 attention span 
 Children's entertainers 
 puppet parties 
 entertainers 
 Noise pollution 
 monkey 
 Folklore 
 Bruno Bettelheim 
 Diane 
 bullying 
 Toilet training 
 First birthday 
 Nursery Rhymes 
 baby 
 Tantrum 
 paper cups 
 learning to share 
 terrible two's 
 spills 
 tea-table 
 Cupcake 
 Cinderella 
 Fairy godmother 
 Prince Charming 
 Tiger face painting 
 Stories for kids 
 Simple stories about Space 
 Space stories for young children 
 jaffa cakes 
 Theatre in Education 
 Easter egg 
 Free 
 Face paint 
 Kids party entertainer 
 Bunny 
 St George's Day 
 puppet show parties 
 Pass the parcel 
 Venue 
 Pirate 
 pirate puppet show 
 prizes 
 children's entertainer in London 
 puppet shows for birthday parties 
 Natasha Kaplinsky 
 birthday party puppet entertainer 
 outdoors 
 Greeting card 
 Invitations and Announcements 
 Networking 
 Theatre 
 Chicken Shed 
 Albert Square 
 Festivals 
 Michael Jackson 
 Handmade greetings card 
 cup cake 
 starting out 
 Tent 
 Thunderstorm 
 Weather 
 Mental health 
 Drama therapy 
 psychology 
 tutu 
 Easy 
 themes 
 tutorial 
 Balloon 
 Color 
 Visual Arts 
 Sibling 
 rivalry 
 age-appropriateness 
 children's 
 gender stereotyping 
 Ikea 
 Damien Hirst 
 Ewan Mcgregor 
 celebrity endorsements 
 Anansi 
 Spider stories 
 School workshops 
 Cape Town 
 Table Mountain 
 Caribbean 
 Africa 
 Simon Cowell 
 work 
 Basil Brush 
 Lamb Chop 
 Shari Lewis 
 nostalgia 
 children's tv of the 70's 
 Team America 
 Amigurumi 
 Folksy 
 Marionette 
 Hand puppet 
 Art 
 Energy 
 Trust 
 Balloon modelling 
 UNICEF 
 craft ideas 
 Witchcraft 
 Witches 
 Halloween 
 Snow White 
 Twinkle 
 banana 
 India 
 France 
 Spain 
 Latin 
 Tea 
 time slot 
 when to have your party 
 Kids parties 
 time management 
 pirate facepainting 
 Colouring in 
 Witch 
 Halloween picture 
 Laughter 
 Shy children 
 Puppet phobia 
 Clown phobia 
 Steve Jobs 
 Wig 
 Blond 
 Make-over 
 Fifi 
 Elvis Presley 
 King of Rock and Roll 
 Elvis puppet 
 Rock pools 
 Mermaid parties 
 finger puppet 
 Punch 
 Judy 
 Spitting Image 
 Sunset face painting 
 Santa 
 Robert Pattinson 
 Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer 
 Canary Wharf 
 face painter 
 finger puppets 
 Kensington 
 Baa Baa Black Sheep 
 Rosie 
 Dee Li 
 Waybaloo 
 Chinese dragon 
 China 
 Checklist 
 Parent 
 economic crisis 
 100 posts 
 Pink 
 Cuddle 
 Story 
 Happy 
 Fairy story 
 Clapham 
 Creating boundaries 
 establishing trust 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
