
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Assistant Teaching Professor - Computing and Software Systems 
 University of Washington 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Assistant Teaching Professor - Computing and Software Systems 
 __ University of Washington 
 [](mailto:?subject=Assistant%20Teaching%20Professor%20%2D%20Computing%20and%20Software%20Systems&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14172139/assistant-teaching-professor-computing-and-software-systems/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 5, 2020 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 
 Position Description 
 The Computing and Software Systems (CSS) Division of the School of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) at the University of Washington Bothell (UWB) invites applications for a fulltime teaching-professor track position at the rank of assistant teaching professor. Teaching professors are non-tenure eligible faculty members who are hired on multi-year appointments with a 9-month service period plus summer opportunities. The anticipated start date is Sept 16, 2021. We would like to encourage applications from candidates who embrace evidence-based education principles, can teach a wide range of undergraduate and graduate courses, can provide leadership in teaching, engage in scholarship, and participate in multi-disciplinary collaborative projects. Candidates will be considered across a full-range of teaching interests such as introductory computing courses, software engineering, computer architecture, networking, cloud computing, databases and human-computer interaction. A commitment to excellence in teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels is essential, as is a commitment to support and enhance learning for diverse populations. Our mission and vision statement can be found at https://www.uwb.edu/css/about. 
 CSS is among the largest computer science departments in the Pacific Northwest. The division offers a BS in Computer Science and Software Engineering, a BA in Applied Computing, a BA in Interactive Media Design (jointly run with the School of Interdisciplinary Arts and Sciences), a BS in Computer Engineering (jointly run with Electrical Engineering in the division of Engineering and Mathematics), an MS in Computer Science and Software Engineering, an MS in Cybersecurity Engineering, and a graduate certificate in Software Design and Development. All of our curricula are broadly-based in computer science and software engineering. 
 The 26 full-time CSS faculty members are committed to excellence in research and teaching in a number of areas, including: augmented and virtual reality, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer graphics, computer science education, computer vision, cybersecurity, data mining, high-performance computing, human factors in computing, internet of things, parallel and distributed computing, social computing, software engineering, and wireless networks. In the past few years, members of the CSS faculty have been successful in earning grants from NSF, NSA, DHS, and other agencies as well as in collaborating with local IT companies including Amazon, Microsoft, T-Mobile, and others. The division has well-equipped labs and facilities to conduct teaching and research. 
 The School of STEM is the largest school at UW Bothell, and we remain committed to attracting diverse faculty and staff who create an exceptional student experience in support of our core values of COLLABORATION, OPPORTUNITY, RIGOR, and ENGAGEMENT. Our faculty are dynamic educators who engage in innovative, evidence-based pedagogies. Seventy-five percent of UW Bothell faculty engage students as research collaborators, and we continue to develop community and industry partnerships to expand internship, capstone, and collaborative research opportunities for students and faculty. We offer twenty-three undergraduate and graduate degrees and eight minors across four Divisions (Biological Sciences, Computing and Software Systems, Engineering and Mathematics, Physical Sciences). The School is housed in several buildings on a vibrant campus collocated on a restored 100-acre wetland with an active salmon stream, including the 74,000 square-foot Discovery Hall teaching and laboratory facility, with a new 77,000 square-foot STEM building in collaboration with Cascadia College opening in Fall 2023. 
 The University of Washington Bothell  is one of the most dynamic public universities in the state of Washington. We offer a participatory student experience grounded in hands-on learning, close relationships with faculty members as teachers and mentors, and the personalized support of staff who are dedicated to student success. The academic work of the campus focuses on cross-disciplinary research and creative practice, connected learning, and community engagement. UW Bothell's current enrollment is approximately 6,000 students. More than 90 percent of undergraduates are from Washington State, and approximately half are first-generation college attendees or come from underrepresented groups. Located along wetlands and a river north of Seattle, UW Bothell builds vibrant regional partnerships, creates and disseminates new knowledge, and prepares students for leadership throughout Washington and beyond. 
 Diversity is a core value of UW Bothell. We believe the power of diversity enriches all of us by exposing us to a range of ways to understand and engage with the world, identify challenges, and to discover, design and deliver solutions. To learn more, read our  Diversity Statement . 
 The University of Washington (UW) is proud to be one of the nation's premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Applicants must have earned at least a Master's degree (or foreign equivalent) in computing science or related field and have a minimum of two years of industry and/or relevant teaching experience by the date of hire 
 Demonstrated ability to teach a wide variety of computing related courses 
 Demonstrated contributions to scholarship of teaching and learning 
 Demonstrated ability to mentor undergraduate students in research 
 Demonstrated potential to support the UW Bothell mission and STEM core values, including the values of diversity and equal opportunity. 
 
 Positive factors for consideration include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Teaching excellence  : Demonstrates teaching competence and effective approaches to teaching; shows potential for high quality teaching. 
 Contributions to diversity and equal opportunity  : Experience with and capacity for furthering UW Bothell's commitment to equity and inclusion. 
 Interdisciplinarity  : Ability to thrive in an interdisciplinary STEM environment, across disciplinary interests. 
 Service and collegiality  : Evidence of willingness to work with others, be collaborative, and contribute to shared goals. 
 
 Instructions 
 Please submit the following application materials. Applicants' statements should detail how their teaching, service and/or scholarship has supported the success of students from racial, ethnic, and gender backgrounds that are underrepresented in their academic field; applicants who have not yet had the opportunity for such experience should note how their work will further UW Bothell's commitment to equity and inclusion. 
 
 Cover letter addressing qualifications. 
 Curriculum vitae. 
 Teaching philosophy and interests statement including evidence of teaching excellence. 
 Diversity statement detailing how the candidate's teaching, service and/or scholarship has supported the success of students from racial, ethnic, and gender backgrounds that are underrepresented in their academic field. Applicants who have not yet had the opportunity for such experience should note how their work will further UW Bothell's commitment to equity and inclusion. (1 page). 
 Provide names/contact information for three references who will be prepared to submit letters of recommendation upon request 
 
 Review of applications will begin upon receipt and the position will remain open until filled. Complete applications received by February 1, 2021 will receive priority consideration. 
 If you have a question about the details of this search/position please contact the search committee at uwbCSSs@uw.edu. For questions regarding Interfolio or potential disability accommodations, please contact Annie Brelsford at uwbCSSs@uw.edu. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All 
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, 
religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, 
gender identity or expression, age, disability, or protected veteran status. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 66998 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of Washington 
 Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest public institutions in the west coast and one of the preeminent research universities in the world. The University of Washington is a multi-campus university comprised of three different campuses: Seattle, Tacoma, and Bothell. The Seattle campus is made up of sixteen schools and colleges that serve students ranging from an undergraduate level to a doctoral level. The university is home to world-class libraries, arts, music, drama, and sports, as well as the highest quality medical care in Washington State and a world-class academic medical center. The teaching and research of the University’s many professional schools provide undergraduate and graduate students the education necessary toward achieving an excellence that will serve the state, the region, and the nation. As part of a large and diverse community, the University of Washington serves more students than any other institution in the Northwest. 
 Connections working at  University of Washington 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
