Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 START HERE 
 Make Money Online
 
 Littlemama’s Money Making Guide 
 The Best Way On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 21 Best Ways To Earn Extra Money From Home Online, No Scams! 
 How to Make Money With No Money with Amazon For Beginners 
 How to Make Money With No Money Online: Step-By-Step Guide 
 More How To’s Here… 
 
 
 Make Money With Affiliate Marketing
 
 Littlemama’s Affiliate Marketing Guide 
 Best Affiliate Marketing Training to Sign Up: $40K Results Prove It! 
 7 Factors to Consider When Starting an Affiliate Marketing Business 
 What Is The Difference Between MLM and Affiliate Marketing? 
 Beginner’s Guide: How To Use Affiliate Marketing With A Blog 
 Why Affiliate Marketing Is Better Over Other Make Money Online Opportunities 
 How To Use Affiliate Marketing Programs To Monetize Your Blog 
 Where Can Beginners Get a Free Website for Affiliate Marketing? 
 More on Affiliate Marketing Here… 
 
 
 Make Money Blogging
 
 Littlemama’s Blogging Money Making Guide 
 How To Start Blogging For Income For Beginners 
 Your Quick Guide: How to Start Blogging for Beginners 
 Learn How To Earn Money Blogging & Make $906/Day Like Me! 
 How to Get Paid to Write Articles Online and Work From Home 
 How To Create A Blog With WordPress Step By Step Simple Guide 
 How To Create A Blog For Free In Less Than A Minute 
 Best Way To Learn How To Blog 
 A Step-By-Step Guide on How to Start a Travel Blog and Get Paid 
 7 Tips On How To Get A Higher Ranking On Google For Your Blog 
 9 Tips On How To Write Great Blog Posts For Affiliate Marketing 
 How To Work From Home With A Blog And Make Money From It 
 More Blogging Tips… 
 
 
 Site Info
 
 Best Tools I Use 
& Recommend 
 Private 1-on-1 Consultation 
 Contact 
 About 
 Disclosure 
 Privacy Policy 
 Earnings Disclaimer 
 
 
 
 Best Work at Home Jobs for Stay At Home Dads 
 April 11, 2019 by  Grace aka littlemama 
 This post may contain affiliate links for more info visit my disclosure  page. 
 Now that you have decided to be a stay-at-home dad to attend to your kids, your concern now is how you’re going to help with all the financial obligations. 
 This is why you and tons others are now looking for the best work at home jobs for dads. 
 The time when it’s enough to have only one parent earning an income is long gone and we all need to find ways to earn extra money. 
 With everything becoming more expensive, it’s ideal to have both parents making money to make ends meet. 
 I’m a stay at home mom, so I know exactly how you feel. The future is bright though since I’m able to bring in a 4 digit online income month after month, I know you can too! 
 Let’s get started! 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Money Online, 
 See My Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 7 Best Work At Home Jobs For Dads 
 
 Here are the best 7 ways for you to earn at home and still get to spend time with your children: 
 
 
 Monetize Your Own Blog 
 
 
 There are so many ways you can make money with your blog. Among these are affiliate marketing, sponsored advertising, selling your products, Google AdSense, and so much more! 
 The great thing about earning from your blog is you get to decide what your blog will be about, when to create content for it, what products you’re going to promote, and what types you’re going to display. 
 A blog also gets visitors on its own if you do build it right and earn a 4 digit online income like I do. 
 You have full control, which makes it a good source of income for stay-at-home dads, but getting training on how to implement this will be crucial. 
 This is the training I use and it’s been working for me ever since! 
 
 
 Setup Your Online Store 
 
 
 Setting up your own online store is one effective way to monetize your blog. It’s worth mentioning separately because having an online business offers a lot of opportunities. 
 When it comes to the internet, you can sell almost anything, and you can have this shop on its own or attach it to a blog. Having it with a blog is better so you can drive free traffic to your shop with the blog. 
 If you’re a software developer, you can sell software to your audience. You will let them pay a certain amount so they can download your product. 
 You can also have your own clothing line if you love designing and have good drawing skills, you can sell them t-shirts, hoodies, caps, stickers, etc. There are a lot of print-on-demand options these days. 
 If you don’t have your own products, you can do drop shipping with your shop if you don’t have your own products. 
 Check out Shopify here to Setup Your First Online Shop! 
 
 
 Offer Services at Fiverr for $5 
 
 
 Fiverr  is a well-known marketplace that features job opportunities for freelancers. You can sell your services here for $5 or more. 
 It can be content writing, web designing, online teaching, graphic designing, and any gig that you can possibly think of! 
 They also have this new program called Fiverr Pro. It offers better opportunities for freelancers who are already a professional on their field. 
 Before you can apply for this though, you need to up your skills and reputation. The staff will have to test and go through your profile first before they decide if you are qualified for the program. 
 You can really earn big if you can get into  Fiverr Pro . 
 
 
 Freelance Writing 
 
 
 Freelance writing  is a fast way to earn money online. You can easily find websites today that offers thousands of writing jobs,  here are five great ones . 
 If you love writing and can create unique content, then freelance writing is a reliable source to earn extra income. 
 The great thing about writing content for others is you get paid upfront, which will really come in handy if you need some extra cash. 
 Here are some other articles that will help you succeed: 
 
 How To Land A Freelance Writing Job 
 8 Freelance Writing Success Tips for Beginners 
 9 Tips on Writing Blogs for Money 
 
 
 
 Teach an Online Course 
 
 
 If you are an expert on a certain field, it’s time that you start earning from it! Turn your knowledge into an online course and get paid really well. You can teach anything you like. 
 For example, Photoshop tips, computer programming, food photography, developing mobile apps, etc. 
 You can also teach the English language to students worldwide. Thousands of students now are looking for online teachers who can teach them to read, write, and speak English. 
 There are many platforms you can build your course on as well as just using something like Udemy would be great as this already has a marketplace to sell your online course already. 
 Here’s another article I wrote about creating your own online course. 
 
 
 Digital Marketing Services 
 
 
 The scope of this job is you’re going to market the products and services of a particular company using digital technologies. 
 Meaning, you can offer digital marketing services that has to do with mainly the internet and other digital means such as building websites, sales funnels, email marketing, social media marketing, and webinar marketing. 
 The goal here is you’re going provide online solutions to your clients to increase the online visibility of their brand and help their business grow. 
 
 Marketing something online will require you to do a lot of things. When you’re just starting, you’re going to need web hosting, an email service provider, a sales funnel builder, and so much more. 
 You can learn to use these tools fairly quickly and then use a software platform that has all these services available so you can bring in clients to the platform that their websites and sales funnels are hosted on. 
 If you think about it, having all these tools and using them simultaneously can be a complete nightmare. So what should a dad do who already have a lot in his hands? 
 My best recommendation is to invest in a reliable digital marketing platform. To start, you can check out  Builderall (Try the 7 Day FREE TRIAL Here) . It’s an all-in-one platform that has all the digital marketing tools you’re going to need. 
 Why Builderall? 
 For starters, they already have all the digital marketing tools you’re going to need. 
 Second, they are significantly less expensive compared to others, considering all the tools that they have. 
 Third, it’s so much easier when you can do everything in a single platform. Imagine how time-consuming and confusing it can be when switching from one tool to another. 
 Fourth, you can also earn from Builderall. Yes, you read that right! BuilderAll has a two-tier affiliate program that offers you a good chance of earning great passive income. 
 So get my 7 day free trial here for Builderall and try it out today! 
 
 
 Affiliate Marketing 
 
 
 It’s likely that you already know about affiliate marketing. It won’t be a surprise if you have read a lot of articles about it. It’s because it’s one of the best work at home jobs for dads. 
 It’s basically marketing the products and services of companies, and you’re going to receive a commission each time a customer purchases something through your affiliate link. 
 The great thing about it is you don’t need to come up with an idea on what product you should sell and worry how much capital you’re going to need. 
 Affiliate marketing is where I earn most of my online income. It’s also my favorite means of earning, which is why I included it here in this list. It’s my favorite because it gives me complete freedom and flexibility. 
 While there are so many opportunities in this industry, it doesn’t mean it’s going to be easy. 
 Based on my experience, I can confidently say that you’re going to earn more than you were expecting if you’re going to work both hard and smart. 
 This means that aside from working really hard and investing a lot of your time to your affiliate marketing business, it would really make a huge difference if you learn more about it and be updated for new trends and methods. 
 One way to do that is to get proper training. You can  visit my free guide here to see what training I use until now . 
 Even with my years of experience in affiliate marketing, that  training platform  continues to help me today. 
 To strive in this business, you need to get all the help and resources you’re going to need. 
 The Bottom Line 
 I hope you enjoyed the 7 best work at home jobs for dads that will surely help you with your financial needs. 
 But, if you’re looking for something long-term that will surely sustain you and your family and even have some extra for your wants, you should go for managing your own online business, which is combining the a blog with affiliate marketing (what I’m doing & earning from). 
 However,  getting training is a must   if you want to earn from affiliate marketing, it’s a skill you’ll be needing to learn as there are many aspects of blogging you need to know in order to build it right so that it attracts its own visitors without placing any ads. 
 I know you’re able to learn this too as I have and earning a consistent 4 digit online income which helps our family so much! 
 You can do this too and I’ll be there to help,  YES  , you can get me as  YOUR Personal Coach  and I will help guide you through the training on that platform. 
 So, get started now and click here: 
 
 I look forward to helping you on the inside of the training platform and join me in this making money online business! 
 If you have any questions about the different work at home jobs for dads or anything related to this post, please do not hesitate to  leave me a comment below ! I always reply to my readers! 
 Let’s make money online! 
 
 Categories  Affiliate Marketing ,  Blogging ,  Digital Marketing ,  Making Money Online  Post navigation 
 5 Essential Tips on How to Find an Affiliate Marketing Niche 
 7 Best Work From Home Jobs for Seniors To Supplement Retirement 
 2 thoughts on “Best Work at Home Jobs for Stay At Home Dads” 
 
 Nathalie Argueles 
 
  November 19, 2019 at 7:41 pm  
 Hey! Great post but I really wanted to just drop a comment on your blog. Your blog has a super cool design. Is this wordpress by chance? 
 Reply 
 * [Grace (aka littlemama)](https://workanywherenow.com/LittlemamasMoneyMakingGuide)
 
  November 21, 2019 at 10:41 am  
 Yes this is Word Press, thanks for stopping by, appreciate you visiting. 🙂 
 Reply 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 
 Connect With Me 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 My journey to making money online & living the laptop life! 
Workanywherenow.com is a participant in the Amazon Services 
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed 
to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. 
 Privacy Policy |   Earnings Disclaimer |   Affiliate Disclosures. 
 © 2021 WorkAnywhereNow.com • Built with  GeneratePress 
 0shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 Scroll Up 
