Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse - Gyne Surgical Services Outpatient Day Clinic, BC Women's Hospital + Women's Health Centre 
 B.C. Women's Hospital & Health Centre 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Opportunities Available for Registered Nurses, Operating Room 
 Full Time Opportunity (Monday to Friday Days only) 
 BC Women’s Hospital + Health Centre promotes the best care for women, newborns and families through direct care delivery, shared care models and outreach and consultation support to health care providers. 
 Our Registered Nurses in our Gynecology Surgical Day Care Services specialize in minimally invasive gynecologic surgery. 
 As a member of the OR Nursing team, you will experience the opportunity to: 
 Work on a rotating work schedule Monday to Friday with no evenings, weekend or on-call shifts 
 Support two streams of service: 
General gynecology with anesthesia support 
Hysteroscopic gynecology which provides the opportunity to be trained in nurse administered procedural 
Work with a passionate inter-professional team committed to delivering the best care for women & families. 
Expand your OR nursing skills to specialize in women health 
 You have: 
Graduation from an approved School of Nursing with current practicing registration as an RN with the British Columbia College of Nursing Professionals (BCCNP). 
Successful completion of a post-graduate program in Operating Room Nursing or an equivalent combination of education, training or experience. 
CPR Training – Basic Cardiac Life Support (BCLS) – Level I. 
 You are able to: 
Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. 
Ability to relate effectively with patient and their families. 
Ability to participate as a member of an interdisciplinary care team 
Physical ability to perform the duties of the job. 
Ability to operate related equipment 
 For a full list of Duties & Accountabilities, please contact veronica.wong@phsa.ca 
 If you are passionate about women's health, apply today 
 Job Details: 
Reference # 89322 
Regular Full Time 
 Wage:  $34.83 - 45.73 hourly 
 Rotating schedule:  Day hours: 0730-1620 (week 1)/ 0910-1800 (week 2) 
 About Us: 
BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre (BCW) is the only facility in British Columbia devoted primarily to the health of women, newborns and families. It provides a broad range of specialized women’s health services that address the health needs of women of all ages and backgrounds. BC Women’s is one of the largest maternity facilities in Canada, with over 7,000 births a year, and is both the major primary and secondary maternity services provider in the Lower Mainland and the cornerstone of the provincial tertiary care system. As an academic health centre BCW’s mandate includes providing strong leadership in research and the education and professional development of health care professionals in areas related to the health of the populations we serve. 
 BCW is a part of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA), which plans, manages and evaluates selected specialty and province-wide health care services across BC. PHSA embodies values that reflect a commitment to excellence. These include: Respect people • Be compassionate • Dare to innovate• Cultivate partnerships • Serve with purpose. 
 For more information on all that the PHSA has to offer, please visit: http://jobs.phsa.ca 
 For more information about the BC Women's Hospital + Health Centre, please visit the website at http://www.bcwomens.ca 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
