Skip to content 
 
 Morgen 'with an E' Bailey 
 Author, Tutor, Speaker, Editor, Comp Judge: www.morgenbailey.com 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 …Author 
 
 Collaborations 
 
 Happily Never After 
 
 
 Editing Fiction ~ A Writer's Guide 
 Novels 
 
 After Jessica 
 Hitman Sam 
 Oh, Henry (Henry Houdini #1) 
 The Serial Dater's Shopping List 
 
 
 Poetry 
 Short Stories 
 
 'Fifty 5pm Fictions' Collections 
 April's Fool (short story) 
 Feeding The Father (monologue) 
 Story A Day May Collections 
 
 SADM 2011 
 SADM 2012 
 SADM 2013 
 
 
 Telling Tales 
 The Dark Side (2ppov short story) 
 The Threadbare Girl (short story) 
 Tuesday Tales 
 
 
 Writer's Block Workbooks 
 
 365-Day Writer's Block Workbook (Vol 1) 
 365-Day Writer's Block Workbook (Vol 2) 
 
 
 
 
 …Editor 
 
 Morgen's (Free) Email Critique Group 
 
 Non-Fiction Critiquers 
 Poetry Critiquers 
 Script Critiquers 
 
 
 
 
 …Ghostwriter 
 …Mentor 
 
 Morgen's Micro Masterclasses 
 Online Courses 
 
 Student Area 
 
 Current projects 
 Inspiration 
 Writing courses and events 
 
 
 The Parcel Project 2015 
 
 
 Podcasts 
 
 
 …Speaker 
 100-word comp 
 500-word comp 
 
 BeaconLit Literary Festival 
 
 
 Be My Beta Reader 
 Contact Me 
 Information 
 
 Competitions 
 
 2013 Results 
 2014 Results 
 Be my Writers' Forum Competitive Edge guest 
 Free to Enter Competitions 
 H.E. Bates Short Story Competition 
 NLG Poetry Competition 
 Tips - an insider's view 
 Tips - how to enter 
 
 
 e-Books 
 
 How to create an eBook 
 
 How to create a Table of Contents 
 How to create an eBook cover 
 Tax issues for non-US eBook authors 
 
 
 Morgen's Books 
 
 
 Events 
 Links 
 
 Indies Unlimited 
 Jane Wenham-Jones 
 
 Wannabe A Writer 
 
 
 Other writers' books 
 
 Book Groups 
 Children's & YA 
 Free Books 
 Non-fiction 
 Novels & Novellas 
 Poetry 
 Scriptwriting 
 Short Stories & Flash Fiction 
 Writing-related 
 
 
 Other Writing-Related WordPress Blogs 
 Radio Litopia 
 
 
 Other goodies 
 
 5A.M. FLASHES 
 Archive 
 eNewspapers 
 First Times 
 Fun 
 Marketing 
 NaNoWriMo 
 
 Camp NaNoWriMo - April 2013 
 
 
 Novel Nights In 
 Podcast 
 
 Podcast 'Red Pen' Episodes 
 Podcast interviews & reviews 
 Podcast mixed episodes 
 Podcast Short Stories 
 
 
 Publishing 
 Quotes 
 Schedule 
 SSS 
 Videos 
 Writing Groups 
 
 Online Writing Groups 
 
 Writing Prompts 
 
 
 
 
 Writing guides 
 Writing Magazines 
 
 
 Submission info. 
 
 Opportunities on this blog 
 Submissions - children's 
 Submissions - flash fiction & short stories 
 
 Submissions - women's magazines 
 
 
 Submissions - non-fiction 
 
 Online Content Writing 
 
 
 Submissions - Novels 
 Submissions - Sci-fi, fantasy, horror etc. 
 Submissions - Scripts 
 
 
 Tips 
 
 2PPOV 
 Character names 
 Exercises 
 Ideas 
 Pitching to an Agent 
 Sentence starts 
 Writing a synopsis 
 Writing scripts 
 Writing-related books 
 
 
 
 
 Monthly Newsletter 
 Morgen with an E 
 
 About Morgen 
 
 Ask Me 
 
 Ask the Experts 
 
 
 Donate 
 My Blogs 
 My collaborations 
 Photography 
 
 
 
 
 Reading 
 
 Flash Fiction 
 
 5pm Fiction 
 
 Micro Fiction 
 
 
 6-word FFFs 
 NLG Flash Fiction Competition 
 Online Short Story Writing Group 
 
 
 Guests 
 
 Author spotlights 
 Contributors 
 
 Our writing 
 
 
 Guest blogs 
 
 Guest blog topics 
 
 
 Interviews 
 
 Blogspot interview revisits 
 
 
 
 
 Poetry 
 
 Online Poetry Writing Group 
 
 
 Reviews & Reviewers 
 
 Book & Story Reviews 
 Reviewers - children's 
 Reviewers - Crime 
 Reviewers - fantasy, horror, sci-fi 
 Reviewers - flash fiction & short stories 
 Reviewers - Historical 
 Reviewers - Non-Fiction 
 Reviewers - poetry 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sunday short short story: Doing A Job I Love by Morgen Bailey 
 October 18, 2020July 5, 2020 
 Posted every Sunday, the following piece of flash fiction is from Morgen’s shorter short story collection,  SHORTS , available in e-book from  Morgen’s online store  where you not only get the best price but can either instantly download the collection or purchase the paperback dedicated to you or as a present! We hope you enjoy this story… 
 Doing A Job I Love 
 It had felt a little odd. Being given something like this for doing a job I love. And you couldn’t really call it that. Playing in a band a job? To receive an award for playing the drums was an added bonus. I’d been given a single drum, just a cheap thing, when I was very young, my mum says two, but I think I was younger than that because I don’t remember getting it, just it being there. 
 When my name was announced I hadn’t been expecting it so it took Bondie digging me in the ribs for me to realise that they’d said my name. He’s stronger than he thinks. I was rubbing my ribs for weeks after that. 
 I think he’d been on something; weed, blow, or some such. He was always more rock ‘n’ roll than me. It hadn’t been an issue until that night, when he’d insisted on joining me on the stage. He could play the drums and had never received an award so I thought, “What’s the harm?” 
 If only he’d stuck to the rules; walked up the aisle, to the podium, said ‘thank you’ to the celebrity who hands you the statue (in our case it was the teen pop sensation Jimmy Penn) but his brain just couldn’t compute that. I don’t think it computes anything these days. 
 He had to go up there didn’t he and dig, dig, dig. OK, so we’re not a fan of the weak pop music that climbs the charts faster than we ever did in our heyday, but he’s still sore that Jimmy beat us to the top of the album chart when we released our Greatest Hits. A term I use loosely as the record company in their limited wisdom to make it a double CD when we’d only had half a dozen ‘hits’ (top forty) so the rest were more fillers than a tub of sandwich spread. That’s one thing I hadn’t noticed; that he’d not been eating, Bondie, just drinking, picking at his food, fork never reaching his mouth, although it’s big enough. 
 So there I was, mouth open to say a few unrehearsed words and ended up goldfish-like while Bondie spouted. 
 Bondie’s real name’s James… Bond, but he hates that. His mum was a real fan and we all reckon that she married a Bond just so she could have a son with the right name. Had the boy straight away, stroke of luck really, then the two of them left when he was still young. Probably why he is the way he is. Needed a father figure to straighten him out. 
 Anyway. He’d said his bit and I thought we were going to leave… he’d said plenty for both of us, what was I going to do, apologise? Pretend it didn’t happen? But then Jimmy called him by his real name, don’t know how he knew, Wikipedia I suppose, and well, Bondie flipped and went for the jugular, Jimmy’s jugular. Did enough so the damage was done. Only temporary, thankfully, but he had to cancel his tour. Bondie received so many “thank you” letters after we could have wallpapered our bus… the one we toured on not long after the awards ceremony. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  ebooks ,  short stories  | Tagged:  Amazon short stories ,  flash fiction ,  free fiction ,  free flash fiction ,  free short fiction ,  free short stories ,  free short story ,  Morgan Bailey ,  morgen bailey ,  short stories ,  short story 
 Post navigation 
  Fiction Fodder Fridays – Fri 16th Oct 
 Word Count Wednesday  
 We'd love you to leave a comment, thank you!  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Newsletter (with freebies!) 
 
 100-word comp 
 sentence start: ‘Before the shot was fired…  January 31, 2021 
 13 days to go. 
 The ideal gift! 
 
 Just £40 for <2,000 words 
 Online Courses 
 **two free courses - see 'Mentor' above.**December 31, 2020 
 two free courses - see 'Mentor' above 
 New Website/Shop! www.morgenbailey.com 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Search this site 
 Search for: 
 Click picture for the… 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 7,957 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Be my guest! 
 
 Like this site? 
 
 
 Listen to my podcast 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Jan 2021 100-word competition prompt 
 Results of Morgen’s 100-word competition: December 2020 
 Fiction Fodder Fridays – Fri 15 Jan 
 Word Count Wednesday 13 Jan 
 Fiction Fodder Fridays – Fri 8 Jan 
 
 Visits since 31.3.11 
 
 543,005 hits 
 
 1,310 subscribers 
   RSS - Posts 
 Contact me 
 
       
   
       
   
 
 
 
 Copyright 
 © Morgen Bailey and Bailey's Writing Tips, 2011-2019. Unauthorised use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Morgen Bailey and/or Bailey's Writing Tips with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. All guest content remains the property of the appropriate author - any reproduction is strictly prohibited without their prior written approval. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
