Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Change Careers 
 Lior Levin    16th October    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Change%20Careers%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fhow-to-change-careers%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A  career change , whether by choice or by force, is always intimidating. 
 No matter how long you have spent in your current profession, if your education, training and experience are in that field, moving to another one feels like starting over. 
 But rather than seeing a career transition as starting over or losing everything you’ve worked for, it’s important to think of it instead as a fresh start. 
 It's a chance to begin a new career and bring into it the wisdom you probably wish you had when you began your previous one. 
 Still, surviving a career transition will involve a great deal more than wishful thinking and a new  resume . You’ll need a plan to make your way through the change and send yourself on an upward trajectory in your new field. 
 That plan should definitely include the following strategies, which can help you get your footing sooner rather than later. 
 1. Build Your Education and Experience 
 When you start a new career, you’ll most likely be lacking two things necessary to land a good job in your new field: Education and  Experience . 
 One of your first focuses should be on building up those two things as quickly as possible. 
 For education, this doesn’t necessarily mean a trip to university. Depending on the field, a trade school or community college, both of which are more affordable and require fewer hours, may be more appropriate. 
 For experience, temping can be a powerful resource. Signing up with a temp agency in your field will let you get started and see the inner workings of the business, all the while building experience and earning a paycheck. 
 Likewise, apprenticeships may be a good way to build both, though many professions don’t have  apprenticeship programs . 
 2. Network Constantly 
 Networking is absolutely crucial in any career change. Getting your resume and business card into the hands of as many relevant people as possible is great, but face time with prospective employers is even better. 
 The sooner you start networking the better   ,  and that means going to industry events in your area, visiting companies and applying to every job you qualify for. 
 When choosing where to focus your efforts, you’ll likely want to focus on small to medium sized companies. Larger firms typically have very rigid hiring practices that value numbers over personality. Smaller companies provide more opportunities for an upstart to enter as they can more easily bend the rules to let in a promising candidate that doesn’t meet all the criteria. 
 Likewise, don’t hesitate to look to your  friends  and family. Those who already know you may be more likely to give you a shot. 
 3. Focus on Overlapping Skills 
 When choosing what skills and experiences to put forward in your resume and in your networking, focus on skills that have a natural overlap. For example, if you’re talented at marketing, writing, working with computers, etc., there’s a good chance at least some position in your new field can use those talents. 
 An overlapping skill that fills a need in a company can be your foot in the door to a new field. Being good at working with customers, for example, is useful in any job that is consumer-facing, from cashier to doctor. 
 Tout the useful  skills  you have now, and use them to help you build the skills you need to grow in your new field. 
 4.  Persistence Pays Off 
 Standing apart from other candidates when you’re entering a new field is challenging so you will need to be persistent and determined. Keeping after desirable companies and pushing your name in front of  recruiters  is going to be key. 
 The problem is that many might mistake a genuine desire for a career change for desperation. When applying for a job that doesn’t fit your resume, it can seem like you’re applying to any job available in hopes of finding anything. 
 However, if you’re determined you can prove your sincerity, you can move past that and be seen as a more serious candidate. 
 No new field is going to immediately accept you unless you are  fortunate enough to have friends or family willing to bring you on . Instead, treat this career change as a marathon, not a sprint, and focus on proving that you have the determination and drive to make it work. 
 Employers will be impressed by that and may be more willing to take a chance on you. 
 Conclusions 
 All in all, a  career change  is never easy. But if you have the right mindset and approach, you can make the transition go much more smoothly. By building up your experience in the field, looking for natural overlaps between your skills and the field you’re trying to enter, and networking relentlessly, you can break into almost any profession. 
 It will take time, and it will take dedication, but with the right plan and the right amount of effort, a career change is not just survivable, but an opportunity to thrive. 
 (   Photo   by moleshko /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 career change (3) 
 
 
 career transition (3) 
 
 
 how to change careers (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Lior Levin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 This post was written by Lior Levin who is a marketing consultant to a company that developed a  Jquery RSS tool , and he also works with  Ily , the family phone company. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     This is Not in My Job Description  
  _ _     4 Guidelines for Going Self-Employed  
  _ _     Get Your Career on Track with an M.S. in Accounting  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Heather  on the 19th October 
 
 Reply   
 Love all of these tips Lior - but above all else, persistence really is key. Having changed careers myself, being persistent has been crucial. Many people still want to work with me as a consultant (which I was previously) and it's been difficult to make the move quickly or particularly easily - but through persistence I'm getting there. It's definitely a long game though. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
