WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProgrammingjobs 
 Lead Unity Engineer 
 Blackfield Entertainment Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Contract 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 $48k USD (Negotiable) + rev share 
 Blackfield Entertainment , headquartered in Gilbert, Arizona, is a film and commercial production company that has expanded into game development with an experienced team of artists and designers. We’re currently working on developing a new and imaginative game for both PC and Nintendo Switch with a team that has a long history of game development for mobile and other consoles. We’re looking for a talented, creative, and highly-skilled Unity programmer to join our team. 
 Do you thrive taking ideas from concept to device? Love playing games... but prefer building them more? If this sounds like you, and your passions include video games, pop culture, and anime… then we want to meet you!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 SUMMARY 
 ‍  The Lead Unity Engineer is responsible for building out the full functionality of the game based on design documents, and to provide a toolset for designers to use within the Unity framework. The Unity Engineer will be primarily responsible for implementing game functionality, translating design ideas, concepts, and requirements into a functional and engaging game.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Bachelors in Computer Science or 4 years equivalent experience. 
 Experience working on 3D games 
 Experience in creating game design, system architecture, and/or working prototypes or engines 
 Some experience with Data Exchange (e.g. XML, JSON, dynamic content), MySQL, and/or Microsoft SQL Server 
 Experience with Git 
 Minimum 3+ years programming experience in Unity development 
 Experience developing for games across a variety of platforms (PC, mobile, etc) 
 Solid C# knowledge 
 Experience with Unity API’s, Visual Studio 
 Graphics optimization 
 Solid architecture, system design, and analytical skills 
 High level of confidence working equally with game art and programming 
 Ability to collaborate effectively with remote team members 
 Ability to think creatively to resolve technical and creative challenges 
 Strong debugging and problem solving skills 
 Ability to quickly pick up and learn new game development techniques and practices. 
 Ability to adapt and be creative for new as well as already existing systems. 
 Highly self-motivated and organized with strong attention to detail 
 Excellent time management skills; able to independently prioritize and multi-task 
 Code readability 
 Good written/spoken English  ‍  ‍ 
 ‍  Coding test may be required.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 **  Positive consideration will be given to candidates that also have experience in: ** 
 
 PC Game Development 
 Nintendo Switch Development 
 Shader programming 
 Particle systems 
 Unity GUI Development 
 Data structure and design pattern knowledge. 
 Working in an Agile/Scrum process with a multidisciplinary team  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES  (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO): 
 
 Work closely with the director and designers to develop and implement gameplay requirements 
 Develop tools, features, and pipelines for asset implementation 
 Actively participate in the game development process, engaging the team and resolving issues 
 Identify weak points in the code pipeline and work with team to develop the most practical resolution 
 Implement UI efficiently and integrate with the engine codebase 
 Test and document code 
 Provide recommendations to management, as well as follow on solutions, to achieve strategic and operational goals 
 Work with testers to ensure quality content 
 
 ‍ 
 NOTES FOR APPLICANTS: 
 
 Please include a link to your online portfolio and your resume. Resumes can be attached to your email application or provided as a link to view online (No cover letter is needed.) 
 This is a long-term contract role. (Additionally, there will be an opportunity to become a full time employee if the games sales goals are met after launch.) 
 In addition to contract pay, a percentage share of net sales is also provided.  ‍ 
 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Spry Fox is hiring a Engineering Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereEngineering LeadSpry Fox | AnywhereLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Senior Gameplay Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILSenior Gameplay EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Fullstack Web Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILFullstack Web EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Herobeat Studios is hiring a Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereProgrammerHerobeat Studios | AnywhereLearn More 
 sunset visitor is hiring a Unity Developerto join their team into work fromCanadaUnity Developersunset visitor | CanadaLearn More 
 BlitWorks is hiring a Junior Unity Engineerto join their team into work fromBarcelona, ESJunior Unity EngineerBlitWorks | Barcelona, ESLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
