
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 LEARNING 
 
 FREE TRIAL UPSKILL HR 
 UPSKILL HR 
 ACE THE HR EXAM 
 ACE THE HR EXAM AUDIO 
 HR PRACTICE TEST 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 Workology Podcast 
 Go Podcast 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Speaking 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 SIGN IN 
 
 
 43% of Recruiters Blacklist Overeager & Aggressive Job Seekers 
 Oct 31, 2012  | By    Jessica Miller-Merrell   |  Career ,   HR ,   Job Search 
   
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 __ 
 
 Job Search Strategies that Get You on a Recruiter's Job Blacklist 
 Working as a recruiter is tough, and passive job seekers are estimated to now be  47% of your workforce a year . This means that nearly half of your workforce each year is casually job searching , laying low, and keeping their options open. There really is no such thing as a passive candidate because everyone is looking. For recruiters, this presents a number of different challenges including a large influx of job applications of people who are never really happy at work ever. Recruiters and hiring managers also face sifting through the perpetual job hopper who because of the economy or other personal factors is always on the search for more. This means more money, better hours, or lower employee benefit costs. A large percentage of the workforce works and job search in fight or flight mode. They are running to protect their family and standard of living. And I don't blame them. It's one of the reason I work for me. I'm the only boss I've ever been happy with in my entire professional career. 
 Lying on your Resume and Tips for Job Seekers 
 What job seekers don't do is take the time to understand the life and job of someone working in HR or recruiting, and that is a big mistake. Marketers spend time understanding, learning, and evaluating their target product demographic. Personally, job seekers should do. I recommend they build relationships with recruiters or an HR professional. Sit down with them, ask questions, and use the knowledge to develop their own  job search marketing strategy . Except most don't, and they do things like the  infographic from Bullhorn Reach  lists below. Designed in a spooky Halloween theme, here are the highlights along with a few tips: 
 
 
 Twenty-one percent of job seekers exaggerate their qualifications on their resume . As I mentioned job seekers are programmed to fight and unfortunately, many believe that means presenting themselves dishonestly in order to obtain the job. Sites like  this one  offer help to job seekers to lie their way to their next job and take your money without conscience. 
 
 
 Fifty-seven percent of recruiters factor in a candidate 's personality fit with the company . It's not just about being the perfect job seeker on paper. You have to fit in with the culture, the people, and the expectations of the organization. 
 
 
 As someone who is an independent contractor and self-employed myself, there is a negative perception out there. It's easy to slap "business owner" or "consultant" on your resume. **47% of recruiters associate the word "self-employed" with "unemployed" **even if you actually are running a successful independent business. 
 
 
 Over eager and aggressive job seekers are a pain.  11% of recruiters have these type of job seekers follow up multiple times each week  , and  43% of recruiters have black listed a candidate  over this behavior. I agree. It's annoying to get 43 calls in one day from an eager and annoying job seeker. While I didn't receive 43 voicemail messages, there is a little piece of technology called Caller ID. 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Adecco Staffing US Survey Reveals Hiring Managers Highly Value Today's Mature Workforce 
 Top Gun Ventures Uses Executive Search Methodology To Evaluate Today’s Presidential Candidates Against The Best Presidents Of The Past -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  HR ,  Job Search 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell (@jmillermerrell) is a workplace change agent, author and consultant focused on human resources and talent acquisition living in Austin, TX. Recognized by Forbes as a top 50 social media influencer and is a global speaker. She’s the founder of Workology, a workplace HR resource and host of the Workology Podcast. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Greg says 
 
 October 31, 2012 at 11:24 am 
 So very true. Thanks for the good read! 
 
 Anthony  says 
 
 October 31, 2012 at 6:05 pm 
 I strongly agree with the proposition that job seekers do all that they can to research their market. When a job seeker understands their target employer/s their resume, cover letter and even networking stategy can be implemented in a way that is relevant to the needs and selection criteria of their chosen employer. 
 Best wishes 
 Anthony 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 October 31, 2012 at 11:32 pm 
 @anthony, 
 Personally, I really hate resumes and cover letters that haven't been altered and list the another company in the address of the cover letter. These little things matter. If I'm going to give you, the job seeker 30 or 45 minutes of my time, I expect you to do the homework and work upfront. It will make a difference in if you keep my attention. 
 Thanks for the comment. 
 JMM 
 
 Karen says 
 
 October 31, 2012 at 11:10 pm 
 Surely if the recruitment consultant had the courtesy to return applicants calls then there would be no need for the applicant to make 43 calls a week. The most frustrating part about job hunting is when an agency advertises a position, the candidate talks to the consultant and submits their resume and then hears nothing back! It only takes one phone call to the candidate to let them know they have gone forward for the role or that the consultant felt they were not suitable and didnt put them forward. Either way the candidate needs to know. I have worked as a Recruitment Consultant and I never treated my candidates the way I have sometimes been treated when job hunting, I always returned my candidates calls. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 October 31, 2012 at 11:31 pm 
 Karen, 
 I told the job seeker I would call him on Tuesday morning. On Monday I received 43 calls and one voice mail message. It was ridiculous and annoying. I'm trying to do my job, and this was during a time when someone from me and my team were calling every candidate personally on the phone even if they were not qualified. I believe in engagement and a relationship with the job seeker regardless of the outcome. Some people think that because I do this I am their friend or they try to take advantage. This was one of those times. 
 This event is one of the things that led me to starting a blog for job seekers which was 2007. We're written nearly 2,000 articles here, and I've personally interviewed, coached, and called job seekers who were not qualified for jobs so I could help them. . . 
 I agree with you that applying and not hearing anything back is frustrating, and it is something I've always been against. It's the reason I'm so passionate about what I call the Candidate Experience. 
 Thanks for the comment. 
 JMM 
 
 JS says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 6:41 am 
 You totally miss a point and that is "customer service". You chose a job that is service oriented. Instead of complaining about your customers, you should try to understand their behaviour and see how you can improve your service. Maybe that person who called 43 times had a feeling on Friday that you were not really listening properly or maybe you did not address his expectations properly. All of this is truly basic customer service aspects. In your article, we do not even have a glimpse on maybe why those job seekers keep calling. Do you have an idea? Are they really of a different breed than the passive ones? 
 So, please, stop complaning and get yourself some proper customer service technique. You can't just have "good" customers from your point of view. You need to serve the other group too. 
 JS 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 1, 2012 at 9:55 am 
 Dear JS, 
 Kiss my ass. 
 Sincerely, JMM 
 
 Pascal says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 6:52 am 
 Jessica, 
 As Anthony, I agree with your expectation that job seeker spend , in fact invest, time in making some search in the company they apply for, if name disclosed, you make a fair point. 
 But I agree with Karen who complains that most part of the time Recruiter are easily mute, i.e. not calling, not responding, not communicating, being elusive, for number of reasons, they have no feedback form their Client, the applicant is out of the process, they don't know, etc… 
 Thus is great to see a recruiter who is so concerned about this. 
 BR 
 Pascal 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 1, 2012 at 9:59 am 
 Hi Pascal, 
 I agree with you that recruiters typically don't follow up even if you have submitted a resume. It's extremely hard for a job seeker to learn from their experiences without proper feedback. 
 Thanks for taking the time to comment. There are a number of recruiters and HR professionals who do care about the job seeker. They often get forgotten as one rotten apple spoils the bunch and certainly our HR reputations. 
 JMM 
 
 Tom Bolt says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 10:14 am 
 Jessica, I had to comment after your "kiss my ass" reply to JS. You go girl! After he is done kissing yours he can kiss my ass. 
 The biggest thing wrong with the overzealous feedback-beggar is not the annoying personality or even ignorance about how the process really works. I can even overlook someone who is understandably needy and hasn't learned the proper way to behave regarding those issues. The most important aspect of this scenario is the selfish ego demanding attention. Listen carefully job seekers: Employers want to hear how you will help them… it is NOT about you. It is more than common decency. It is a cardinal rule of "how to win friends and influence people" by talking in terms of the other persons interest. If lashing out is cathartic to you, so be it. If you want to improve yourself take a Dale Carnegie course and shut up! 
 Will I hear about this comment? Probably. That might mean that somebody is listening. 
 * Bernard says
 
 September 9, 2015 at 11:07 pm 
 I am flabbergasted… Sincerely appalled. But thank you for this "kiss my whatever" session, because as a hiring manager it was an eye opener, I will now take good care of avoiding recruiters whose ego is so big they see themselves as the next best thing after god himself. Tom and Jessica, you need to put your feet back on the ground a realize that you do not have any specific power or divine mission here, you are just another employee of your company, a gate keeper and as such, you are as disposable as anybody else. So get off your high horses because your own behavior is a shame. I do not think that calling someone 43 times is acceptable but the 3 of us know from experience that this is ONE example among the hundreds of applications you receive, who behave very well and are treated like garbage by recruiters: lack of true skill assessment, no feedback, no call back, genuine discrimination, lack of proper knowledge of the job you are recruiting for, rude behavior and illegal questions during the interviews etc. 
How many time did I call a recruiter in my office to ask for the meaning of the acronyms they blurt every other second, or to tell me about the regulations that the applicant is supposed to know and where are these regulations applying? How many times did I find out that the recruiter knew nothing about the very things they were asking for? How can you possibly run a proper and in depth interview or identify transferable skills if you don't know Jack about what will be the day to day job of the person you are looking for? 
Truth is, recruitment business in the US needs a serious and urgent overhaul with regulations that will prevent whatever recruiter with a BA in Sport or English from getting in the recruitment business in first place and from jumping from fast food employees recruitment to highly skilled medical researchers recruitment arrogantly thinking that they can "do it all"? While applying is a sale process, recruiting is NOT. When this concept is going to hit home, if one day it ever does, US companies will have the possibility to hire and retain highly qualified and efficient employees. If they don't realize soon that the middleman is at fault, candidates and companies will keep on struggling. 
Most "brilliant"candidates in the US cannot even pick up the pace in EU, let alone in China, but recruiters keep on asking for years of experience instead of assessing skills. It is ridiculous as someone can perfectly gather some experience ( and be just average at what they are doing for years) but will never gather intelligence, or solving skills which truly make the difference between employees an exceptional employees. 
 
 Breanne Harris  says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 11:21 am 
 You rock! The aggressive annoying candidate is one of the reasons I got out of recruiting. Everyone deserves feedback on their applications/resume, but when you set an expectation about when you'll follow up, then they should follow that information as a guide for what is appropriate. Now if you had said "I'll call on Tuesday" and didn't, then 1…that's right ONE phone call AND voicemail is appropriate on Wednesday or Thursday. Forty three calls is harassment. Everyone has caller ID these days. Calling and not leaving a voicemail is silly. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 1, 2012 at 12:24 pm 
 Breanne, 
 Yes! It is annoying, and there are times I would have 60 calls a day from job seekers asking about their application and following up. It's a wonder I got any actual work done. What was great is that I could point those job seekers to the blog and even crafted a email signature response for those job seeker emails which included direct links to job seeker resources from my site. Thanks for the comment. 
 JMM 
 
 Bert Kelly says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 12:25 pm 
 Jessica, 
Enjoyed the article. As a job seeker and someone who has hired others before, I enjoyed the column. What do you think of "informational interviews?" One potential employer suggested I do an informational interview with their HR department even though there were no current openings. 
Thanks for the advice. And great response to JS. 🙂 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 1, 2012 at 12:46 pm 
 Hi Bert, 
 I think informational interviews are great if you can get them. Many HR professionals and recruiters don't have the time. My suggestion would be to interview them for your blog or offer a candidate as a referral and then set up a time to meet. 
 Regarding JS, I've spent the last 5 years on the blog writing to help the job seeker. He/she would know that if they actually took the time to look into it. This is the problem with most job seekers in my mind and business people in general. They don't do the work. . . 
 Thanks for the comment! 
 JMM 
 
 Bart says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 3:15 pm 
 Love the direct feedback here with no holds barred on what one should do with ones lips. 
 Recruiters have a tough job meeting the demands of the hiring managers so the last thing they need is some stalker calling a zillion times. They should realize the gig is not for them. Kinda like dating..not everone is a match. It doesn't mean you are a low life- just not a fit for this particular job. So move on and don't be such a dufas cuz that will not get you anywhere. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 1, 2012 at 5:04 pm 
 Hi Bart, 
 Thank you. I'm not always so direct on blog comments. This morning when I read it, I just had enough. Frankly, most recruiters feel that way which is they choose to not answer the phone and avoid your calls. It's easier than just telling it to you straight. It's why so many breakups are done via email or text. I'm sure JS is a nice person. Job seeking is tough but if a job seeker wants to really understand the process, they need to play the game. Understanding what matters to the guy or gal besides the desk is the key to finding a job in this marketplace. 
 Thanks for the comment. 
 JMM 
 
 Kyii says 
 
 November 1, 2012 at 9:47 pm 
 Currently I am an HR executive but I have also been a third party and corporate recruiter. I personally understand the frustrations on both sides. I want to note right of the top that although an interview is about what you can do for the employer it is also what the company has to offer. Right now we are in an employers market so employees can ask for and get a lot but the market will shift and that too will change. We are entering into a mass exodus of boomers and a real war for talent and it will be much more about what can we do for each other. I find it really short sighted to think that it is all about what a candidate can do for the employer. As the market shifts this will simply not fly and quite honestly the best employers know the importance of the interview process being a two way street . For many companies this is becoming more and more ingrained as the workforce demographics change. A defined hiring process and branding is an ingrained part of the strategic talent process and includes both internal and external hiring. All vendors, internal and external recruiters follow the same process exactly. It is expected that each candidate will be exposed to the same process, to ensure that the playing field is consistent as is the experience. In a lot of cases it is considered that candidates are end user or consumers and they want the consistency in the message. 
 Jessica, If I may and with all due respect your article was informative and a great read. I would have shared it until I got to the commentary which actually really dismayed me. It is not for the differing opinions but rather the reaction to said opinions. You may not agree with the opinion of the but all should be treated with respect and allowed to voice their thoughts. This is the danger of generalizations and as we come out of a difficult economy the topic is even more a personal one and people react based on experiences. Both sides have valid points and I would have loved to see a discussion that looked at solutions rather than have an important topic like this one basically shut down. People who would have opinions did not comment even though they may have value to add to the conversation due to the commentary reactions. This is a hot topic on Linked In and the internet in general and most discussions elicit hundreds and hundreds of comments. That being said I really did enjoy the article and it provided me with some value added information. Thank you 
 Based on your comments the 43 phone call candidate is a one off that should rightfully go into the blooper reel on the candidate side. Calling anyone for anything 43 times is not normal although it does beg the question why no one picked up the phone and had a conversation with this person to end the process right there. From my experience if you provide an answer most people will leave it at that or perhaps call you once or twice to seek out possible feedback. Anyone who has recruited has horror stories to tell but that is not the norm at all although perhaps you experience is different. I have had candidates both as a recruiter and as a HR professional now that have been rude, dismissive, excessive and not prepared, liars etc, etc, but I have experienced many more who are a pleasure and consimite professionals. Recruiting and HR is really built on building and maintaining relationships otherwise everything either does not happen or must be done the hard way. There are entire discussion groups on the internet and Linkedin where both passive and active candidates are blogging and commenting. There are literally thousands of people who have had the same experience of commencing an often lengthy interview process only to receive no feedback or status advice. Although I know there are many exceptions this is more of a common occurrence than an isolated incident. The candidates are speaking up. In addition to what I have read I am also privy to some the complaints that companies themselves are receiving. What most candidates are asking for is common courtesy and quite honestly good business practice. Those candidates you place may be the decision makers and hiring managers that give you business in the future. 
 It is generally understood that you will not be contacted just because you apply for a position as there are just too many applicants and it would be humanly impossible. What the majority of candidates are asking is that some type of communication occurs if they have been engaged in the interview process with the client. That means if they have been to client interviews and are not proceeding that the recruiter advises them in some way. Phone call, message, email, snail mail whatever you can manage as they are advised. This seems like common sense but it is not happening with a lot of candidates and that is a big problem in the long run. A lot of recruiting firms speak of the customer experience but currently they only view the employer as such. Quite often it seems that some external recruiters will leave multiple messages to connect and are reachable and return phone calls until it get's to the point that a candidate has been eliminated from the process. This is the point that the relationship completely shifts and that is the frustration from candidates.It seems really insince when a candidate has had multiple client interviews and then nothing. Even if a candidate is not hired it is really bad business to leave candidates with a really bad taste in their mouth surrounding the recruitment firm and companies hiring process. 
 I do not want to paint all recruiters with a broad brush. I have worked with both personally and professionally with great recruiters and have had ongoing many long term professional relationships that have been nothing but positive. But at the same time but the opposite is also true. 
 I think just like in any profession you will find the good and the bad. As an employer I do my due diligence because after all the third party recruiter is the front line contact to the candidate. Even if a candidate was not successful in the interview process they may be appropriate for another job at another time. Not to mention that people talk and their friend, family member, business contact or colleague may be the perfect fit for our company today or in the future. Considering a large number of hires are referred either directly or indirectly it only makes business sense to use a third party vendor that treats candidates with courtesy and respect. On a personal note I am also selective on the recruiting firms I get involved with. You can often weed out the less than professional recruiters and organizations by just asking questions and doing your homework. If candidates or organizations due not do business with recruitment firms that treat candidates in this manner than the cream will rise to the top. 
 Whatever your opinion or experience is you must remember your are dealing with the human element. Our society today is made up of many different people, styles and cultures. What may be acceptable in a community or culture is not viewed the same way by all. Other than the blatantly unacceptable behavior by the candidates as employers and external recruiters we do have a responsibility to follow up. In most instances even if you send a quick email to the candidate advising that the potential employer is moving forward with another candidate and you do not have any feedback it will ensure that you do not receive multiple calls. It is customer service but it is also following through with the hiring process. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 2, 2012 at 12:19 am 
 Kyii, 
 Thank you for the comment. Let me explain to you the reason that I left the message that I did. When someone leaves a comment, I can see their email address because I am the administrator and owner of this blog. Many times when people write a comment, I tell them thank you and then send a follow up email privately to talk more. The person that left this comment did not leave a name, contact information, or email address. I can only see that they leave in Montreal Canada from their IP address. I think this is cowardly personally, and when I saw the comment this morning, I posted the reply I did for that reason. I hate it when people hide behind the internet and don't want to engage in conversation or debate directly with a personal attack. 
 I'm sorry that if this comment kept you from sharing the article. Just this evening I've had to shut down much of the comment section here on the blog because we have gotten attacked by comment spammers. That's the breaks with a well-trafficked blog on the internet. At the moment, I write this, we have received over 1,500 spam comments in just a couple hours. Very annoying and hard to try to weed through the real and meaningful engagement like yours that is taking place here. 
 JMM 
 
 Jennifer says 
 
 November 7, 2012 at 2:03 pm 
 Jessica, 
 I thought your comment to JS was extremely unprofessional and completely uncalled for. There was actually a perfect opportunity there for more discussion to be made, or if you felt that JS was being rude to you why not tell him/her in a more adult manner? You could also have simply asked JS what s/he would have done in that situation, maybe …. just maybe you could have learned something or found a new way of dealing with another situation like that. I am actually rather shocked that I found your blog through a state run website and can hardly believe they endorsed it knowing that is how you react to those who may not be very nice to or complimentary of you. 
 I have dealt with many recruiters who only take the time to contact me because they need a body to fill a position so they can get paid. There are very few like Kyii who understand that the recruiter needs to see the job seeker as just as much of a commodity as the company that needs to fill a position. Also, it seems to me you could have completely averted the situation of that person calling 43 times by answering his/her very first call. It is easy for you to sit and make judgment on others' over-eagerness or aggressiveness in seeking a job because you know you will be able to pay the bills and feed your children… the unemployed don't. 
 I also don't understand why you don't have your blog set up so that no one can post unless they do provide the info the you wish to have but what difference would it have made if you had this person's name and email address anyway? Seeing as how you make money from the internet, you should know and understand that anonymity it the nature of it. We no longer see real names or faces and often times people have disposable or rubbish emails anyway. Ultimately, I find your article to lack any empathy whatsoever and I also question where you got your figures from too. And no, I don't care to start an email communication with you over my comment… perhaps JS didn't either. As for your over 1500 spam comments, maybe it should serve as a lesson on who you tell to kiss your ass on a public forum. 
 Kyii, thank you very much for taking the time to post all that you did. It was very interesting and well written. 
 
 ABall says 
 
 November 7, 2012 at 4:44 pm 
 Hello, 
I ran across this forum while actually searching for employment and was wondering if applying for the same company, however for different positions is considered to be "overeager and aggressive"? I am asking simply because I have been unemployed for almost 12 months now, my unemployment is due to run out in less than 1 month. I am a single parent and have a home to pay for. I have been applying for some of the same positions based off my unemployment job match list with the Texas Workforce Commission as well as other employment cites and areas in which I have set up a resume'. I am not one of those people that will be dishonest about my qualifications because I do not want to be stressed out anymore than a potential employer whom I know will be paying for me to be trained. Within the last 6 months I have applied for approximately 200 positions and of that amount I have had responses from 10 of the companies stating that I did not meet the qualification(s) for that particular position(s). One from an email from a requiter which I actually responed to asking for possible feedback what I could do in order to meet the qualifications if other positons become available. I did not receive a response but just took it as if responding to e-mails was not the type of thing that this person did. I did not get offended but after reading this forum I'm not so sure. 
How aggressive should I be at this point? It has been suggested that I do the very thing you are saying not to do. Anytime I am seeing that my application has been "sent to the hiring manager" I am getting this desperate urge to keep calling just to let the employer know that I am interested. 
At this point I am not searching for a big sum of money, I am just wanting to get my foot in the door, take care of my daughter and pay my bills. 
The classes I have attended at the unemployment office all encourage aggressiveness in the manner of letting the employer know that you are interested. 
I will take any any all advise because knowing that time is drawing near, I am panicing. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 November 8, 2012 at 11:51 am 
 ABall, 
 Thanks for the comment. The job search is really alot like dating. You have to balance and not appear too interested. Otherwise you scare people away. My issue with unemployment offices is that the person who is teaching you and training you has likely not actually been in the job search for themselves for 15 years. They have no interest in understanding current trends or talking with HR professionals to learn what works and what does not. They are teaching you tactics and strategies that depending on the industry or type of position you are searching for, could hurt your chances. 
 Let me say that I have hired people who randomly called me and I picked up the phone. I chatted with them and we set up an interview. It was a fluke that sometimes happens so I am suggesting you practice balance and not so aggressive behaviors. There are factors you might not consider when you are looking for a job like if the person is out sick or the position is put on hold until next quarter. Most recruiters will not tell you this. They will just not call you back, and you keep calling, following up, and then appear desperate and needy so I blacklist you as a future employee. 
 I hope all this has been helpful. If you are able to comment back and let me know what industry and position you are looking for I can give you a better idea of job search best practices. I would ask that if you are still working with that unemployment agency, print off this blog post and bring them a copy. They need to work with employers and read industry sites like this to stay relevant. 
 JMM 
 
 Calvin  says 
 
 May 1, 2013 at 9:55 am 
 I am really pleased to read this website posts which 
carries plenty of useful information, thanks for providing these statistics. 
 
 Nate says 
 
 June 27, 2013 at 8:13 pm 
 The real problem is with recruiters who contact you and ask you to actually call them or e-mail them and then they don't even respond. Now that's what I call arrogance. 
 
 Buster Hyman says 
 
 August 24, 2013 at 1:46 pm 
 JMM, 
JS was on the money about you. 
I bet you are a liberal that loves Mr. Obama and Big Government. 
I feel sorry for your husband. 
Buster Hyman 
 
 Deb S. says 
 
 December 16, 2013 at 3:30 am 
 I think it is okay to check back once and leave it at that. This way you are showing your are still interested and you are not bothering people. You have to strike a balance. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 March 30, 2016 at 11:01 am 
 Hi Deb, 
 It's a balance. I definitely believe that candidates should be reaching out and following with recruiters and hiring managers. Recruiters should also be willing to follow up with candidates in a timely manner even if they have no update to give. 
 The hiring process is frustrating for both sides. I want to make candidates don't make mistakes that can land them on a hiring blacklist. 
 Thank you for your comment. 
 JMM 
 
 Julie Johnson says 
 
 December 19, 2013 at 4:54 pm 
 I love the graphic! It's so true and I like the Halloween theme. Santa could do a graphic too for his workshop. 
 
 Craig says 
 
 June 13, 2014 at 12:37 am 
 i came across this by accident and boy am i glad. you are the reason that people like me cant get a job. you contradict everything you say by agreeing with a few of the following comments. im sorry but if your a recruiter no wonder why the job market in 2014 is so hard to get a job in. your need to take a good look at your liberal ranting nonsense and come to view the typical; harsh reality we are in called life. unfortunately its because of people like you that unemplyment is on the rise and the fact that you even have a blog to vent your opinions disgust me 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 March 30, 2016 at 10:59 am 
 Hi Craig, 
 I'm sorry you feel this way. This site was developed for job seekers in 2008 and has been focused on providing resources on the subject of HR, recruiting and the workplace. 
 Best of luck to you in your job search. 
 JMM 
 
 Disgruntled Grad  says 
 
 April 2, 2016 at 2:22 am 
 It's really disgusting when you're blacklisted just because someone doesn't like you. 
 One could try to portray to a civil rights attorney that one's skin color, perceived disability, gender, etc. was the basis of discrimination -- but if enough others in your EEO categories have been placed, then there's nothing one can do except wander around for a place that hasn't heard you're on the blacklist. 
 Here's a great example: Lifestyle Staffing in Wisconsin blows chunks! 
Although I meet its requirements of 6 months prior work history and no felonies, it refused to place me; and its owner told me to never call again when I challenged her decision! 
 (Yes, I questioned the rep -without- name calling or swearing. I was civil, but for nothing.) 
 I really hate it when HR managers develop a know-it-all, my-way-or-the-highway God complex that motivates such short-sighted behaviors as telling well-qualified candidates to buzz off permanently. 
 Not even, "Come back when you've more experience in [certain industry]." The message was literally, "Don't call us or apply here again." How unprofessional! 
 Having a PHR does -not- make human resources staff any better at deciding who can do certain (non-HR) jobs than boots-on-the-ground employees who've worked those non-HR job for at least a year and have actually seen what goes on, as opposed to those desk jockeys in human resources. 
 A PHR credential or SHRM membership means -only- an HR worker knows certain laws and how to file specific paperwork. Neither professional status proves his or her judgment on who to hire is an iota superior to the well-accomplishment temporary worker! 
 For example: I know the ticketing system of the department where I work. The nay-saying HR manager does not; and she's never observed the actual workflow to know how simple that job is. 
 I'm strong enough to lift 50-lb. boxes all day. The pig-headed HR manager is not! (She could barely lift a 20-lb. box in the break room.) 
 Manual labor is not that HR woman's expertise, yet somehow she ended up responsible for judging apparent fitness for such roles. 
 So, whose opinion on whether I can perform that manual labor job would you better trust: Mine or hers? 
 "Enjoy" your weekends, because every Saturday and Sunday I work from 6:00 a.m. through 2:00 p.m. -- and have done so error-free for the past 15 months, only to not be rewarded with any job interviews for a permanent role. 
 And I've a damned master's degree in public administration. All that education, only to claw and scratch for GED-holder jobs! Hard work and education -do not- always pay off. 
 My point is that HR managers can be really stupid. When the job applicant is in the right about the human resources staff being in the wrong, HR takes it as a slap in the face like a bunch of thin-skinned "special snowflakes." (Yes, even many middle-aged HR managers.) 
 May as well add some incidental spit to the verbal slap! They deserve the wake-up call. 
 
 Jason Helmsted says 
 
 August 10, 2016 at 4:39 pm 
 The recruiting "industry" is a joke. The job of a recruiter is to get in the middle of what should normally be a simple and pain-free process and insert their own agenda which both parties must placate to. Recruiters don't even possess the skills to understand what is on a technical resume, let alone understand the complex asks that employers have with respect to finding candidates. "Recruiting" is a job that any uneducated person can do. Read: high school graduates. They don't bring anything to the table except to serve themselves which in the end hurts the process of candidates and employers finding each other. You'll find that you are going to do all the work for the recruiter, who doesn't understand what you do, or how to explain what the employer is doing. They're there for their commission. Don't be fooled by the replies this will assuredly get from recruiters justifying their existence. This "industry" is obsolete, and you're better off finding away around using a recruiter for your next job. 
 * [Jessica Miller-Merrell](http://www.blogging4jobs.com) says
 
 August 19, 2016 at 2:03 pm 
 Hi Jason, 
 Corporate recruiter salaries don't solely rely on the placement of candidates. Agency recruiters or those who are independent are typically paid a percentage upon placement. Recruiting is not easy. It is extremely complex as there are more factors at play especially when you are looking at headcounts, business forecasting and other factors that aren't normally discussed with candidates by hiring managers and recruiters. 
 I'm sorry you have had a bad experience and would ask that you please don't base your opinion on a single experience. There are really amazing recruiters out there who are independent, agency and corporate who care about the job seeker and do their best to make sure they give you the information and resources they are able to. Obviously, I care as a recruiter because I took the time to respond to your comment. I apologize on behalf of all recruiters. Feel free to reach out to me directly if you want to discuss or air your frustrations. 
 JMM 
 * hr sucks says
 
 April 26, 2018 at 1:27 am 
 So true 
 
 Saint Revolution says 
 
 November 10, 2018 at 5:16 am 
 Be advised, "Jessica", blacklisting is a felony at both the federal and most state levels with sanctions that include prison time and hefty fines. Anyone "agreeing" to the concept of blacklisting anyone for anything, at the very least, puts their "work" under felonious suspicion open to investigation. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 43% of Recruiters Blacklist Overeager& Aggressive Job Seekers | TalentCircles | Scoop.it  says: 
 
  November 1, 2012 at 11:36 am   
 […] 43% of Recruiters Blacklist Overeager & Aggressive Job Seekers From  http://www.blogging4jobs.com  - Today, 11:35 AM share Job Search Strategies that Get You on a Recruiter's Job Blacklist Working as a recruiter is tough, and passive job seekers are estimated to now be 47% of your workforce a year. […] 
 
 Personal Branding, Business Branding, Employment Branding» The Dreaded Recruiter Blacklist: Does it exist and are you on it?  says: 
 
  April 20, 2015 at 4:13 pm   
 […] and/or exaggerating experiences: Roughly 21% of job seekers lie or exaggerate their qualifications on their résumé. Lying about your qualifications, or the experience you have for a position can be detrimental to […] 
 
 Applying For An HR Role Within An Online Division? Ace Your Application In 5 Steps - Best Practice in HR  says: 
 
  May 13, 2018 at 9:55 am   
 […] Bullhorn, found that irrelevant applications were the biggest turn off for recruiters, with a further 43% stating that they’d consider “blacklisting” candidates that continue to apply for jobs […] 
 __ Search 
 
 
 
 __ON AIR WITH WORKOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
  __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __  
 Copyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group. 
 
 Contributing 
 Advertising 
 Disclaimer 
 Press 
 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
