Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Vice President, Research and Scientific Director 
 St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting #: 
16468 
 Openings Remaining: 
1 
 Full/Part Time: 
Part Time 
 Reg/Temp/Casual: 
Regular 
 Union: 
Non-Union 
 Hours of Work: 
Monday-Friday 
 Time of Day:   Shift Length:   Open Date:: 
10/11/20 
 Closing Date:: 
10/12/20 
 Vice President, Research and Scientific Director 
 THE COMMUNITY 
Hamilton is a city of many communities, built on community spirit. Physically defined by unique geographical features like the Niagara Escarpment and Hamilton Harbour, the municipality has a broad mix of urban centres and sprawling farmland. From Flamborough to Stoney Creek and all points in between, the municipality is industrious and culturally diverse. With a wide range of museums, libraries, entertainment venues, recreational facilities, parks, and conservations areas, the City of Hamilton offers the perfect place to start a business, raise and family, and grow with the community. 
 Home to renowned McMaster University and Mohawk College, as one of Ontario’s fastest growing economies, from manufacturing, to life sciences, to a renewing downtown core, Hamilton is home to world-class companies. Over the past several years, investments have included Amazon, IBM, Nokia, Maple Leaf, Fraunhofer, and Stryker. 
 The Hamilton Sub Region has a population of 551,000 and between 2011 and 2036, the city’s population is expected to grow by approximately 20%, and Hamilton’s population of older adults and seniors is expected to almost double. 
 THE ORGANIZATION 
Established in 1890 and with an annual revenue of $600M, St. Joseph’s Healthcare Hamilton (SJHH) is committed to making a difference in people’s lives and creating a lasting future for the community through integrated health services and internationally recognized programs. The Hospital offers an extensive range of comprehensive health services to residents of Hamilton-Niagara-Haldimand-Brant, as well as the surrounding region and beyond. 
 SJHH is a partner in one of the largest corporations in Canada devoted to healthcare, the St. Joseph’s Health System (SJHS). Over the course of 150 years, SJHS has demonstrated the values that define the St. Joseph’s Health System culture by living the legacy of their founders. Other Members of the System include: 
 St. Joseph's Lifecare Centre, Brantford 
St. Joseph's Villa, Dundas 
St. Mary's General Hospital, Kitchener 
St. Joseph's Health Centre, Guelph 
St. Joseph's Home Care, Hamilton 
 An academic and research healthcare organization, SJHH is affiliated with McMaster University and Mohawk College. SJHH is also home to the Firestone Institute for Respiratory Health and the Boris Centre for Addictions Research. The Centre for Minimal Access Surgery is among SJHH’s prominent teaching contributions. SJHH is also one of only four hospitals in Ontario designated as Baby-Friendly. The Hospital is particularly well known for excellence in respiratory care, kidney and urinary care, mental health and addictions, surgical services, cancer surgery, and women’s and infants’ care. 
 Home to 5,000 staff, 600 physicians and 600 volunteers, this multi-site, regional, tertiary centre has 840 beds and bassinets. The Hospital sees more than 765,000 inpatient days and clinic visits each year. It has the busiest emergency department and Urgent Care Centre in the city of Hamilton, has one of the largest Kidney and Urinary programs in Canada, and is a leader in digital healthcare. 
 Care is provided at SJHH at three locations across the city: 
 
 St. Joseph's Healthcare’s Charlton Campus is a 500-bed acute care facility located in downtown Hamilton at 50 Charlton Avenue East. The Emergency Department and Women’s and Infants’ programs are located at this Campus, along with the Surgical Centre. 
 An outpatient facility, located at 2757 King St. East, St. Joseph’s King Campus, is focused on patient-centred care to the residents of Stoney Creek, East Hamilton, and the broader Hamilton-Wentworth Region. Programs and services at this Campus range from a Regional Eye Institute to pain management services, a Mature Women’s Health Centre, a 39-bed satellite Dialysis Clinic, and education programs including asthma management, nutrition, and diabetes clinics. The King Campus is also home to St. Joseph’s Urgent Care Centre. 
 Located at 100 West 5th Street, St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton's West 5th Campus is home to the regional specialized mental health services for South Central Ontario, providing inpatient and outpatient care to those suffering with a severe mental illness or addiction. 
 
 The SJHH threefold mission is to provide dynamic research, revolutionary methods in health sciences education, and the highest standard of clinical care in a spirit of compassion, innovation, and commitment. 
 Mission: 
 “Our mission is simple, Living the Legacy:  Compassionate Care. Faith. Discovery.” 
 Vision: 
“On behalf of those we are privileged to serve, we will deliver an integrated, high-quality care experience, pursue and share knowledge, and respect our rich diversity, always remaining faithful to our Roman Catholic values and traditions.” 
 Values: 
“Dignity. Respect. Service. Justice. Responsibility. Enquiry.” 
 THE POSITION 
 As a key member of St. Joseph’s Healthcare Hamilton (SJHH) Executive Team, the Vice President Research reports to the President of SJHH and helps to ensure SJHH and the St. Joseph’s Health System (SJHS) is delivering world-class research. 
 The Vice President of Research directs the administration, development, and promotion of all research throughout SJHH as well as across SJHS and is and Scientific Director of The Research Institute of St. Joseph’s Hamilton. The Vice President will ensure that all research activities at SJHH are conducted in a professional and ethical manner and that the advancement of knowledge is, wherever possible, adopted as part of clinical technical community practice and/or policy. The Vice-President will network with academic institutions, funding agencies and government, as appropriate, to initiate and encourage scientific collaborations and support funding initiatives. The Vice President where possible, will participate in provincial, national and international committee activities of high relevance. 
 The role is 0.5 FTE representing 2 ½ days per week. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Responsibility for research at SJHH and across SJHS 
Director of the Research Institute at SJHH 
Develop and support strategic directions and short and long-term plans for research consistent with identified thematic foci and the strategic plan of SJHH and SJHS 
Establish and maintain research standards 
As a member of the executive team at SJHH, ensure a collaborative approach to research and innovation 
Develop annual operational plans 
Liaise with pertinent departments at McMaster University, in particular, to ensure an appropriate academic environment and learning experiences for students involved in research 
Recruit, coordinate and administer the appointment and reappointment of research staff 
Develop principles and processes for the measurement of scientific activities of the Research Institute 
Build capacity for research and innovation at SJHH and SJHS 
Develop mechanisms and opportunities for dissemination of research activities 
Ensure development of an infrastructure to ensure scientific and ethical reviews of research, and the management of intellectual property 
Ensure the existence of a safe working environment 
Support and assist the foundation(s) with fundraising and donor interactions 
Participate in quality improvement initiatives, support the maintenance of a safe and healthy work environment and advance a culture of client/patient safety through work and daily practices 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 In order to successfully meet the objectives of the position, the following key qualifications are required and/or desired for the Vice President Research: 
 Ph.D./Doctoral Degree and/or M.D. in a pertinent discipline and professional registration 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Extensive research and related administrative experience.At least 5 years in a leadership position.Track record of funding from external granting bodies, and dissemination of information generated 
 SKILLS 
 Significant scientific and research acumen 
Knowledge and appreciation of granting processes and funding sources 
Supervision of staff active in the negotiation of grants and contracts 
Ability to attract external funding 
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
Excellent publication and presentation skills 
Supervision of staff active in the management of intellectual property 
Demonstrated capability in research and technology 
Excellent executive management capabilities 
Ability to communicate an inspiring vision of the future for research and enlist others in transforming that vision into reality 
Ability to promote teamwork and develop staff 
Demonstrates a personal commitment to lifelong learning and growth 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
