Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Video Production Internship 
 Extremeline Productions 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 6-MONTH PAID INTERNSHIP - OTTAWA VIDEO PRODUCTION COMPANY 
 We’re an ambitious and growing video production company on the hunt for a creative and passionate video intern! We are looking to hire someone immediately in order to assist with the increase in production at our company now and into the future. We produce mostly video-for-web projects for businesses and not for profit organizations locally, regionally, and nationally. Documentaries, social media campaigns, training videos, commercials, and livestreams are some of the video types we focus on creating for our clients. In this pandemic year, we've also adopted new workflows to capture and edit video virtually, without being in our clients' physical spaces. 
 Based in Ottawa, we are seeking someone with an excellent attitude, a high technical aptitude, and a strong desire to learn, grow, work hard, and get creative with us! 
 Intern Character Expectations: 
 
 
 Eager to learn and grow 
 
 
 Punctual and reliable 
 
 
 Creative and thoughtful 
 
 
 Enthusiastic and hard-working 
 
 
 Honest and trustworthy 
 
 
 Skill Expectations: 
 
 
 Interest in and aptitude for video production, video editing and creative media design 
 
 
 High technical aptitude and ability to learn quickly 
 
 
 Strong attention to detail 
 
 
 Familiar with Adobe Premiere CC (experience with other CC apps considered an asset) 
 
 
 Excellent written and verbal communication 
 
 
 Graphic design knowledge considered a strong asset 
 
 
 Ability to speak French considered a strong asset 
 
 
 Intern can Expect to: 
 
 
 Gain skills in shooting, editing, and navigating the entire video production workflow 
 
 
 Flex and train creative muscles, individually and collaboratively creating impactful media projects 
 
 
 Gain industry-ready experience across the broad spectrum of video production 
 
 
 Have opportunity for part-time or full-time employment post-internship 
 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Assisting on-set in professional production environments 
 
 
 Organizing shoots and assisting in some pre-production tasks 
 
 
 Shooting video, photos, time-lapse & hyper-lapse videos indoors and outdoors 
 
 
 Creating still and motion graphics for video projects 
 
 
 Lots of video editing & media management tasks 
 
 
 Creative production and editing tasks, including producing original content 
 
 
 Virtual production tasks, including scheduling, optimizing, and recording video over Zoom and other virtual meeting platforms 
 
 
 Position is for 16-24hrs per week at $14.25/hr. Work takes place at our South Keys office and various locations around Ottawa. Our office is located close to a transit station (5-minute walk), and there’s also free parking available on-site. 
 If you’re our ideal candidate, let us know! We’re excited to meet you. 
 Please send us: 
 
 A 30-second video introducing yourself and explaining why you are the ideal candidate for this job (low production value please - keep it simple and honest) 
 Your resumé 
 List of 3 videos that you’ve created that you’re particularly proud of (with links) 
 List of 3 references (including both professional and character references) 
 
 Deadline for applications is  Friday, December 11th at 4PM . Only those considered will be contacted. 
 Thank you for your interest! 
 Contract length: 6 months 
 Part-time hours: 16-24 per week 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship, Contract 
 Salary: $14.25 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Production: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ottawa, ON (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 French (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
