Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 09R - PharmaNet Records Clerk 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 PharmaNet Records Clerk 
Clerk R9 
 An eligibility list may be established. 
 Your organizational abilities will be valued in this independent key role 
 The purpose of this position is to provide PharmaNet medication profile records management services. 
 The PharmaNet system records and adjudicates all medications dispensed from community pharmacies in British Columbia. PharmaNet is a vital information source to authorized healthcare providers, researchers, other Ministries, as well as patients and their representatives. The PharmaNet Records Clerk provides PharmaNet medication profile records management services to different requestors and answering general inquiries regarding their request. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 With over 200 different occupations available in 280 communities across the province, we offer exciting opportunities for your career. Come be a part of the BC Public Service, a Top 100 Employer that embraces diversity, health and career growth. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Fernando.Frias@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation or equivalent (for example GED). 
Experience in records management. 
Experience with MS Word and MS Excel. 
Minimum 6 months’ experience working in an office setting. 
Preference may be given to candidates with work experience in the health sector, preferably a pharmacy setting. 
Preference may be given to candidates with medical terminology experience. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  YES - A cover letter is required as part of your application. The content and/or format of your cover letter may be evaluated as part of the assessment process. 
 Resume:  YES - Ensure your resume includes your educational accomplishments, employment history including start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and any relevant information that relates to the job to which you are applying. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
