Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 START HERE 
 Make Money Online
 
 Littlemama’s Money Making Guide 
 The Best Way On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 21 Best Ways To Earn Extra Money From Home Online, No Scams! 
 How to Make Money With No Money with Amazon For Beginners 
 How to Make Money With No Money Online: Step-By-Step Guide 
 More How To’s Here… 
 
 
 Make Money With Affiliate Marketing
 
 Littlemama’s Affiliate Marketing Guide 
 Best Affiliate Marketing Training to Sign Up: $40K Results Prove It! 
 7 Factors to Consider When Starting an Affiliate Marketing Business 
 What Is The Difference Between MLM and Affiliate Marketing? 
 Beginner’s Guide: How To Use Affiliate Marketing With A Blog 
 Why Affiliate Marketing Is Better Over Other Make Money Online Opportunities 
 How To Use Affiliate Marketing Programs To Monetize Your Blog 
 Where Can Beginners Get a Free Website for Affiliate Marketing? 
 More on Affiliate Marketing Here… 
 
 
 Make Money Blogging
 
 Littlemama’s Blogging Money Making Guide 
 How To Start Blogging For Income For Beginners 
 Your Quick Guide: How to Start Blogging for Beginners 
 Learn How To Earn Money Blogging & Make $906/Day Like Me! 
 How to Get Paid to Write Articles Online and Work From Home 
 How To Create A Blog With WordPress Step By Step Simple Guide 
 How To Create A Blog For Free In Less Than A Minute 
 Best Way To Learn How To Blog 
 A Step-By-Step Guide on How to Start a Travel Blog and Get Paid 
 7 Tips On How To Get A Higher Ranking On Google For Your Blog 
 9 Tips On How To Write Great Blog Posts For Affiliate Marketing 
 How To Work From Home With A Blog And Make Money From It 
 More Blogging Tips… 
 
 
 Site Info
 
 Best Tools I Use 
& Recommend 
 Private 1-on-1 Consultation 
 Contact 
 About 
 Disclosure 
 Privacy Policy 
 Earnings Disclaimer 
 
 
 
 Earn Weekly FREE PayPal Money With 4 Online Transcription Jobs 
 August 4, 2020 by  Grace aka Littlemama 
 This post may contain affiliate links for more info visit my disclosure  page. 
 Do you want to start earning money weekly online? 
 I am going to show you how to earn weekly PayPal money with 4 different websites. 
 All the 4 websites that I am going to show you will be for transcribing. Showing you 4 different sites that are similar will give you more chances to earn this way online. 
 As approval processes and working opportunities might be different for each site so you can just apply to more than one to increase your chances. 
 Keep reading till the end of this article, because I am going to give you the number 1 method that I use to earn my PayPal money. 
 Read till the end to learn more about this as that is going to be more of a passive income stream. 
 So without further ado, let’s look at the 4 websites that you will pay you weekly through PayPal: 
 
 Sign Up At Rev 
 TranscribeMe! Is Also A Good Site 
 Go Check Out GoTranscript 
 Scribie Is Another Option 
 How I Earn My Passive Online Income Stream 
 
 SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Or Much Money Online Yet, 
 See The Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 Sign Up At Rev 
 
 Rev is a site, where you can sign on to do some transcribing and you can find their website at   rev.com . 
 Transcribing is basically taking an audio or video file and you type out the words so you are transcribing the audio into text form. 
 This website is one of the more popular ones to sign up to, they have services for transcription and also captioners, if you know another language, you can do subtitles and earn even more. They have lots of opportunities on this website. 
 On the homepage, you will be able to see that businesses are paying around $1 per audio minute for transcription and captions and more than $1 per audio minute for subtitles. 
 Go to the bottom of the homepage and click on ‘Become A Freelancer’ and they will take you the signup page where you have to fill out your name, email, and the position you want to apply for. 
 It is also mentioned on the website that you get paid weekly and they are always on time and dependable. 
 For being a transcriptionist, you are required to: 
 
 Listen to the audio/video 
 Accurately type what is being said 
 Label speakers 
 
 You will be paid $0.36-$0.65 per audio or video minute. 
 For being a captioner, you are required to: 
 
 Watch the video 
 Accurately type what is being said 
 Convey the sounds 
 Sync typed audio with video 
 
 You will be paid about $0.45-$0.75 per audio or video minute. 
 Rev has also been featured on and talked about famous news sites such as Forbes, so you know it is a legit business. 
 On TrustPilot, which is a great review site, there Rev has 5 stars from a lot of reviewers, which is a great sign and you should definitely sign up for this website. 
 TranscribeMe! Is Also A Good Site 
 
 TranscribeMe is another website that  pays you to type , their website is found at  transcribeme.com . 
 When you go to their webpage, just scroll down below and look for ‘Become A Transcriptionist’ or on the top right corner, you will be able to see ‘Join As Transcriptionist’ when you click on that, they will take you to the signup page. 
 On the application form, you just have to give basic information such as languages that you know, etc. 
 There are a few main advantages of using TranscribeMe!: 
 
 Not Time Consuming  : They have really short interviews, it’s not like you only have to do long videos or audios. 
 Find Work  : You will not have to look for work, they will come to you. 
 Flexibility  : You will get to work whenever you want and make your own schedule. Also, work as much or as little as you like. There is no maximum or minimum working hour requirement. 
 Worldwide  : You can signup for anywhere around the world. 
 Skills  : The only skill that you are going to need to work from them in English and a decent typing speed. 
 Experience  : You do not need any prior experience to work for them. 
 
 You just need google chrome and a reliable computer to start transcribing with them and a stable internet connection. 
 This is great for both part-time or full-time work. 
 You are going to get paid $15-$22 per audio hour and this will go up as the level of transcription gets harder or when you get better at it, you will have the opportunity to earn more. 
 You get paid with PayPal every week. 
 On Trustpilot, TranscribeMe! has around 100 reviews and more than 80% has given it 5 stars and has rated the website excellent, which is really good, which means that the site is actually reliable. 
 Go Check Out GoTranscript 
 
 The third site that I am going to show you is GoTranscript and their website is found at  gotranscript.com . 
 Again, you have to scroll down and look for ‘Work’, click on that and you will be taken to a page, where they go into detail on how you can work for them. 
 They also have a video on that page which I recommend you watch to learn more about GoTranscript. 
 You are paid around $0.60 per audio minute and on average you can earn about $150 per month from this site. The top monthly earning on this site was $1215. 
 To earn like a top earner, you would probably have to transcribe a lot and every day. It will just really depend on how many sites you can spend on this site. 
 This is a reliable site as well, you get   paid weekly through PayPal . 
 On Trustpilot, this website has more than 300 reviews but the reviews are not as good as the other two sites I already showed you, but it is still really good, 4 stars out of 5 overall. 
 Scribie Is Another Option 
 
 The last one I want to introduce is Scribie, this one also pays you for transcribing just like the last three, and you can find their website at  scribie.com . 
 When you scroll down below on their webpage, they have the basics written clearly for joining Scribie as a transcriber. 
 All you have to do is: 
 
 Fill Out The Application 
 Take The Online Test 
 Earn Per Audio Hour 
 
 Click on ‘Apply Now’ to start this process. 
 Most of these sites will have a test that you have to take as that is how they are going to rate you to see if you can type properly and check your accuracy. To see what level you are at and to assign you a rate. 
 How I Earn My Passive Online Income Stream 
 
 The only problem with these kinds of sites is that you may not get the number of jobs that you want and it is not passive income. 
 What I do, as I wrote in the beginning is that you can make this type of money online by transcribing, but I like to do work that allows me to earn passively. 
 This means that the work that I do allows me to earn over and over again from it. 
 How do I do that? 
 Is by using a business model and a training platform that taught me the online skills that are needed to earn a passive online income stream. 
 It is time-consuming, you need determination and a lot of hard work but I have loved every minute of it and it is completely worth it! 
 If I can do this, you can surely do it too! 
 I earn anytime, doing whatever I want, whether I am spending time with my family or on vacation, this is a great option and you should definitely try it out! 
 For the reasons above, I highly recommend you checking out my free guide here so you can learn how to build an online business instead that can earn you not only a lot more money but a passive online income stream: 
 CLICK HERE TO FOR MY FREE GUIDE NOW! 
 This is what I do online and what makes me a full-time online income every single month and you can learn from the exact training I used and still use today. 
 If you have any questions or thoughts regarding earning weekly PayPal money with 4 different websites or anything else, please do not hesitate to  leave me a comment below . I always reply to my readers! 🙂 
 Let’s make money online! 
 
 Categories  Get Paid To ,  Making Money Online ,  Side Hustles ,  Transcribing/Typing  Post navigation 
 GrabPoints Review: Earn $10-$20/Day FAST In PayPal Money By Doing Simple Tasks Online 
 Instacart Review: Earn $11-$15 Per Hour Side Hustle To Make Extra Money From Home 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 
 Connect With Me 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 My journey to making money online & living the laptop life! 
Workanywherenow.com is a participant in the Amazon Services 
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed 
to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. 
 Privacy Policy |   Earnings Disclaimer |   Affiliate Disclosures. 
 © 2021 WorkAnywhereNow.com • Built with  GeneratePress 
 0shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 Scroll Up 
