Good Living from Pure Beauty Online 
 ~ Skincare Advice, Tips and News from Pure Beauty Online the Dermalogica and Decleor Experts 
 Search: 
   
 Tag Archives:  job 
 How to practise self care when you work from home 
 [ 
 24   Wed  Jul 2019 
 ](https://purebeautyonline.wordpress.com/2019/07/24/how-to-practise-self-care-when-you-work-from-home/) 
 Posted  by  Stark  in  Health and Happiness 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 9 to 5 ,  afternoon ,  bad habits ,  balance ,  bills ,  biscuit tin ,  boost ,  boundaries ,  break ,  calls ,  chair ,  chocolate bar ,  clear ,  clients ,  coffee ,  computer ,  designated office space ,  desk ,  DIY ,  eight hours of sleep a night ,  energy ,  evening ,  exercise ,  Eyes ,  fresh air ,  fresh fruit ,  Friday ,  friends ,  headaches ,  Headspace ,  healthy snacks ,  HIT session ,  home ,  homemade flapjacks ,  job ,  lighting ,  living room ,  meal ,  meditate ,  mind ,  motivated ,  motivation levels ,  nuts ,  oil fish ,  perk ,  pitta with feta and egg ,  PJs ,  postman ,  return ,  routine ,  salad with oily fish ,  sensible ,  set of goals ,  shops ,  showered ,  Skype ,  soups ,  stews ,  team meeting ,  tidy ,  tip ,  unwind. ,  VA ,  walk ,  weekend ,  work ,  work and personal life ,  working from home ,  working hours ,  yoga ,  yoga pants ,  zone 
 When you work from home, self-care is vital and it is important to make a clear distinction between your work and personal life, ensuring you take time for yourself. 
 We have some sensible, but easy ways you can get a better balance when it comes to working from home. 
 Set Boundaries 
When you work from home, it is really easy to slip into bad habits like working late into the evening and at the weekend. To maintain a healthy balance between work and home, set your work hours and stick to them. Maybe it is the traditional 9 to 5 that works for you, 10 until 6 is better for some people, a half day on Friday can be a perk of the job. Decide it, do it and stick to it. 
 Have a place to work 
If you can, create a designated office space with a desk and upright chair that supports your back. If you have a whole room or can renovate the loft or the garage, this will give you a great working area and get you in the zone. Lighting is important as this will help you not to strain your eyes or cause headaches. Having a tidy workspace will help to keep your mind clear, and turning off the computer at the end of the day will help you maintain your working hours. 
 Start the day the right way 
You might not have a team meeting to go to, but starting your day with a new list and set of goals, will keep you on track and motivated. You don’t have to do this at your desk, you can have a walk, a coffee after the school drop off or even speak to your VA and make sure you are both on the same page. 
 Walk away 
Making time for some exercise during your day will boost motivation levels and increase productivity. Whether you go for a park run, walk the dog, do a HIT session, or practise yoga in your living room, doing something will give you a break and more energy. 
 Take a lunch break 
We know many people don’t take have an official lunch break, but if you can make time to walk away from your desk and head outside for fresh air, this will set you up for the afternoon ahead. Packing up a salad with oily fish, filling up on soups and stews or having a pitta with feta and egg is a good way to fuel up and afternoon smoothies or homemade flapjacks are good too. 
 Do not do chores 
Putting on the washing, going to the shops, visiting friends or doing a little DIY might be on your list of jobs at home, but it isn’t your real work that will pay the bills. Find times when you can do this, but stick to your working times as above, or you will end up having a clean house and full fridge, but unhappy clients. 
 Have healthy snacks 
It is easy to go for the biscuit tin or unwrap a chocolate bar when you are working at home, but having fresh fruit in a bowl and nuts and raisins in a pot on your desk means when you are peckish, you don’t overdo the rubbish. 
 Get Dressed 
It might seem like a good idea to work in your PJs or yoga pants, but you wouldn’t go out to work this way, so don’t do it at home. Get up, get showered, put the coffee on and get dressed and this will give you a work ready feel, and save blushes with the postman or unexpected Skype calls from clients. 
 Meditate 
We believe that if you take a little time to meditate during the working day, it will give you headspace to unwind so you will return to your computer feeling refreshed. 
 You still need to sleep 
We all need to aim to get about eight hours of sleep a night, and this is the same when you work from home. Late nights and lie-ins might be tempting, but they won’t do your motivation or productivity levels any good. Get into a routine and if it means scheduling calls at 9am or booking a dance class at 6pm to keep to time, then do it. 
 Got a working at home tip? Send it our way as we would love to know what it is. 
 Team Pure Beauty 
 Get Your Toes Sandal Ready 
 [ 
 22   Sun  Jul 2018 
 ](https://purebeautyonline.wordpress.com/2018/07/22/get-your-toes-sandal-ready/) 
 Posted  by  Stark  in  Life and Fashion 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 attention ,  back to basics ,  bare feet ,  beautician ,  bed ,  bubble bath ,  candles ,  chill ,  clean ,  coloured toes ,  cool coral ,  cooling ,  corners ,  cup of coffee ,  curve ,  cut straight across the nail ,  decent scissors ,  dry ,  exfoliation product ,  extra ,  feel ,  feet ,  flip flips ,  focus ,  foot cream ,  foot crystals ,  fun ,  get out of bed ,  good ,  goodness ,  hand ,  hard ,  heat ,  ingrowing nails ,  jagged sides ,  job ,  look ,  love ,  melt ,  paint ,  pamper night ,  peppermint ,  phone ,  playlist ,  pop of pink ,  problematic ,  protect ,  pumice stone ,  rich red ,  rinse ,  running for the bus ,  salon ,  sharp corners ,  skin ,  slick finish ,  smooth ,  smudges ,  soften muscles ,  stairs ,  stubborn areas ,  summer ,  Sunday ,  sweat ,  temperatures ,  tempted ,  ticklish ,  tissues ,  toe nails ,  tough ,  Vitamin E ,  walking to work ,  warm water ,  work 
 
 Let’s face it. 
 Your feet work really hard for you. 
 From the moment you get out of bed and make that first cup of coffee, to walking to work, running for the bus and then climbing the stairs back to bed, it’s all go for your toes. 
 The thing is, if you take care of your feet in-between  salon pedicures,  you can look sandal smart all summer long and we are going to show you how. 
 Soak Away 
Why not set Sunday aside as a pamper night? Once you have switched off your phone and lit some candles and turned on your play list, fill a bowl with warm water and get ready to chill. Add a little of your favourite  bubble bath  or foot crystals (available in chemists and supermarkets) then let your feet soak for around 10 minutes and use this time to focus on you and your breathing. As your feet sit in the water, the skin will soften and your muscles will relax. 
 Exfoliate 
With your skin nice and soft, rinse and dry them and then use an exfoliation product to get rid of the dead cells that can build up as a result of wearing flip-flops and padding around in bare feet when the temperatures rise. 
 Buff Up 
For this step, we suggest you go back to basics and use a pumice stone as these can make a big difference to the way your feet look and feel. Very gently rub the stone over those stubborn areas where the skin is tough and problematic. If you do need an extra hand with this, then speak to your beautician the next time you are in the salon. 
 Tidy Up 
There is no point in making sure your feet look good if your toenails leave a lot to be desired. As they will also be softer than usual after a warm water soak, this is the time to pay them some attention and we would suggest you buy some decent scissors just for the job. You need to cut straight across the nail, do not be tempted to go for a curve or to tidy up the corners, as you could cut too much away or end up with ingrowing nails - neither of which you want. Toes are ticklish, but needs must when it comes to beauty, so next take a clean file and make sure they are smooth and tidy with no sharp corners or jagged sides. 
 Moisturise 
Just like other parts of the body, your feet need to be moisturised if you want them to be happy and healthy. Go for a  foot cream  which is rich in Vitamin E and contains peppermint, which is super cooling as this is a winning combination. Work the cream into the problem areas and let the goodness melt in. 
 Paint 
Yes, this is the really fun bit. We love coloured toes but the key to a clean, slick finish is to either use separators or place a twisted tissue between each toe and this will protect against smudges. Whether you opt for rich red, a pop of pink or maybe a cool coral, add a clear finish and you will have happy feet and a smile. 
 Team Pure-Beauty 
 Let Stress Go 
 [ 
 08   Sun  Jul 2018 
 ](https://purebeautyonline.wordpress.com/2018/07/08/let-stress-go/) 
 Posted  by  Stark  in  Health and Happiness 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 active ,  alone ,  blog ,  Boss ,  Bottling things up ,  brother ,  cause ,  cheer ,  children ,  children’s hospice ,  clear your thoughts ,  cloudy ,  coffee shop ,  community project ,  connect ,  dance class ,  diary ,  eat out ,  emotional intensity ,  empowered ,  everyday life ,  family members ,  feel good endorphins ,  friend ,  friends ,  fun ,  glass is half empty ,  goals and challenges ,  GP ,  gym ,  heart ,  holiday ,  identify the triggers ,  indulgent ,  job ,  learning a language ,  life ,  local community project ,  Me time ,  meditation ,  meet ,  more harm than good ,  neighbours ,  people ,  positive approach ,  problems ,  professionanal help ,  quiet cuppa ,  relax with a book ,  scrolling ,  selfish ,  shine ,  social media ,  sofa ,  stepping back ,  stress ,  swim ,  take control ,  take time out ,  work colleagues ,  work long hours 
 
 Going out and partying might all weekend seem like a good way to escape from the stress of everyday life, but while it is fun at the time, it could actually do more harm than good in the long run. 
 Whether it's your boss, brother or your neighbours who are causing your problems, if you can identify the triggers and take control, you will hopefully start to feel better and have a more positive approach and outlook. 
 _Build a Network 
_Bottling things up and trying to do everything alone isn’t good for anyone, so try to establish a network of people in your life who are good for you. These can be family members, friends or work colleagues who you really connect with, relax with and have a good time with and who will cheer you on when times are good and give you a lift when it gets a little cloudy. 
 Be Active 
Yes, scrolling through social media might take your mind of things, but getting off the sofa and exercising can reduce emotional intensity, clear your thoughts and let you deal with your problems in a calmer way. Find something that you really enjoy doing, maybe buddy up with a friend and go to the gym, swim before work or take a dance class - there is something for all of us you just have to find it. As the feel good endorphins work around your body, they will take down those feelings of stress and you will start to feel empowered and able to move forwards once again 
 Challenge Yourself 
Setting yourself goals and challenges, such as learning a language, starting a blog or playing a new sport, not only helps build confidence but reduces stress, so give it a go. 
 Take Some 'Me Time' 
If you work long hours and have family demands, it can be hard to take time out for you and this can add to your stress levels. If might sound selfish and indulgent, but finding time to meet with friends, relax with a book or just grab a quiet cuppa in a coffee shop, is important. Put something in your diary at the start of each week then stick to it and you will be surprised at the difference stepping back from everything can make to your life. 
 Give Back 
When you stop thinking that everything is about you, life can change for the better. Getting involved in a local community project or volunteering your time to a cause close to your heart, can give you a new focus and give you a whole new perspective. Whether it is a visiting elderly people and reading to them, digging out a pond in the park or raising money for a children's hospice, this can really help to take the focus away from your life and lift your mood. 
 Be Positive 
Looking for the positives in life, and seeing the things you're grateful for can be a real eye opener. Don’t be the glass is half empty person because your to list is growing day by day, instead see the glass is half full because you have a job you enjoy and can afford to go on holiday as well as pay your bills and eat out once a week. Simply writing down three things that went well, before you go to bed can make you start to see the good in life, rather than just looking at what is hard. 
 Breath 
If you do nothing else, sit down, close your eyes and take five minutes out to focus on your breath and regroup. Nothing is so important on your to do list that it can’t wait just a little bit longer and meditation is a free, easy and fantastic way to deal with stress, so give it a go! 
 If you do feel that your stress is getting out of control, speak to your GP and ask them for some professional help. 
 Team Pure-Beauty 
 Free your mind 
 [ 
 31   Wed  May 2017 
 ](https://purebeautyonline.wordpress.com/2017/05/31/free-your-mind/) 
 Posted  by  Stark  in  Life and Fashion 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 21st century ,  aced it ,  anxious ,  best friend ,  bigger picture ,  bottle ,  brain ,  breath ,  breathing ,  brisk walk ,  changes ,  chill out ,  close friend ,  count to ten ,  desk based jobs ,  destructive ,  dwell ,  endorphins ,  enjoy ,  every day ,  face to face ,  focus ,  free fall ,  free your mind ,  fresh air ,  fun ,  harder and harder ,  harsh ,  heart beat ,  ideas ,  inside ,  interview ,  job ,  jump to conclusions ,  laugh ,  Life is short ,  Live in the moment ,  living ,  long hours ,  look ,  make a list ,  manageable chunks ,  missing out ,  mode ,  month ,  more to life ,  mum ,  new job ,  on the ball ,  on trend ,  one step ,  over worked ,  partner ,  positive ,  quick swim ,  regroup ,  Relax ,  revolves ,  right now ,  sit back ,  situation ,  social media ,  step back ,  stop ,  stressed ,  talk ,  think back ,  time ,  tired ,  tomorrow ,  under paid ,  week ,  work ,  world ,  worst-case scenarios ,  you 
 
 Stressed? 
 Over worked and under paid? 
 Tired? 
 Anxious? 
 Far from being words that are banded around for the sake of it, for many of us this is the reality of 21st century living. 
 We are expected to be on the ball, on trend and down with the kids 24/7 and sometimes, things can get a bit too much. 
 We have put together some easy ideas of how to free your mind so you can relax and chill out once in a while rather than constantly having your brain in free fall mode. 
 **Breath 
**Before you do anything else, sit back, count to ten and breath. Focus on your breathing, feel the air go into your body and out and just stop for a few minutes and regroup. 
 **Talk 
**After breathing, comes talking. If you bottle everything up, then it is only going to get worse and seem harder and harder to deal with. Open up to your partner, mum or a close friend and they may have ideas about how you can make changes and find a positive way forwards. 
 **Live in the moment 
**Whatever is making you anxious right now, isn’t going to last. Breakdown what is bothering you into manageable chunks and tackle it one step at a time. For example, if you are moving house you might feel overwhelmed, but step back, make a list, work out what needs to be done and if you can, delegate. 
 **Not this again 
**If you are worried about an interview, think back and see if was the same the last time you went for a new job? If it was, and you got the job, what are you worried about? You aced it last time and we bet it will be the same the time round too. 
 **It’s not all about you! 
**Harsh we know, but not everything that happens in this world is about you. Yes we can all feel put upon or have our sensitive days, but thinking every situation revolves around you in some way can be really destructive and you could be missing out on a lot of fun. 
 **Look at the bigger picture 
**Ask yourself whether the issue that is on your mind right now will still be there tomorrow, in a week or in a month. It is unlikely it will be, so regroup, relax and look at what is going on in the world and see there is more to life than a difficult boss or messy flatmate. 
 **Preparing for the worst 
**I will lose my job. He is going to dump me. She doesn’t want to be my best friend anymore. We tend to jump to conclusions and dwell on the worst-case scenarios and this can lead to stress and depression. It is far better to talk to the person involved face to face and find out what is really going on before you make yourself ill believing the world is about to end. 
 **Take some exercise 
**Social media, long hours and desk based jobs mean many of us get less exercise than ever. Try to get some fresh air every day and even if you have a brisk walk or a quick swim, your heart beat will go up and the endorphins will pump good vibes around your body. 
 **Laugh 
**If nothing else, remember to laugh. Life is short so make the most of it and enjoy every single day you have. 
 Team Pure Beauty 
 Creating the perfect CV 
 [ 
 25   Wed  May 2016 
 ](https://purebeautyonline.wordpress.com/2016/05/25/creating-the-perfect-cv/) 
 Posted  by  Stark  in  Life and Fashion 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 ‘can do’ attitude ,  bags of enthusiasm ,  client ,  colleague ,  CV ,  document ,  dream job ,  education ,  endorsements ,  experience ,  Eyes ,  friend ,  grammar ,  job ,  permission ,  Personal statement ,  professional ,  reflect ,  responsibilities ,  shine ,  snappy ,  sparkle ,  spelling ,  statement ,  title ,  work ,  work experience 
 
 The world of work is becoming increasingly competitive, so as well as experience, bags of enthusiasm and a ‘can do’ attitude, you also need a CV that sparkles and shines. 
 In essence, your CV needs to be an evolving document that develops and grows as you do. 
 Whilst you might spend hours getting it right, a potential employer will have moments to read it and decide whether you can do the job and are you the right fit for their business. 
 Harsh but true, so you need to make that first CV moment matters so you get that interview. 
 Stick to the facts 
The most important thing with a CV is to be 100% honest. A white lie here and there might not seem a big deal, but it can be a total deal-breaker so keep it real. 
 Layout and structure 
Keep your CV clean and uncluttered and aim for no more than two pages and number each one. Use a font such as Arial, Courier or Times New Roman in font size 12 for the body text and no larger than 16 for bold headings. Keep the copy short and sweet and avoid lengthy sentences and fluffy words. Don’t refer to yourself as ‘I’ or by name and use the past tense to describe your career and the present for skills. 
 Personal details 
Start your CV with your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Be aware that including your date of birth is no longer needed thanks to age discrimination rules. Some people add a photo but this a matter of choice. Your website and blog can be listed as well as any relevant social media details but be aware of what you write on feeds as the world can see it. 
 Personal statement 
This is an opportunity to really sell yourself and ensure you stand out from the crowd. Approach it is a sales pitch where you need to capture the reader’s attention and keep them interested and wanting to know more. The statement needs to be succinct and snappy and reflect your professional qualities and personality. It can be hard to write about yourself, so ask a trusted friend to read your statement and offer feedback. 
 Work experience 
When it comes to your professional experience the protocol is to start with your most recent position and work backwards. Include the title, start and end dates, company name as well as a brief description of the job for each position you have worked in. It is a good idea to include the responsibilities and scope of each role as well as any achievements and promotions. 
 Gaps 
If you have had any significant career gaps, include these and add reasons why, for example travelling and maternity leave. It is better to be honest about these periods of time and you might even highlight learnings whilst you were away or looking after a young family. 
 Education 
Including your education and qualifications is essential. List academic achievements first then professional qualifications complete with dates, grades and establishments. You can also include additional skills such as languages, technical know-how and vocational training. 
 Check, check and check again 
It is vital that you check your CV for spelling and grammar mistakes as sloppiness could cost you your dream job. Get a colleague or friend to read through because a fresh pair of eyes can spot errors you have missed. 
 References 
You can either add the details of your referees on your CV or say they are available upon request. Whichever you go for, ensure you have the permission of the people you use and only give permission for them be contacted when you are ready. 
 As well as references you can include client and internal endorsements that reinforce what you have said about yourself. 
 Updates 
Once you have your CV ready, date it for that months and then update it as you go along. Not only will this mean you have it to hand at anytime but also keeps experiences, dates, details and successes fresh and included. 
 You may also want to slightly tweak and tailor your CV for different jobs to ensure you really bring out your strong points and most relevant experiences and skills. 
 Good luck and happy job-hunting. 
 Follow Good Living from Pure Beauty Online on WordPress.com 
 Favourites 
 
 Killoran Luxury Guest House – Bed and Breakfast on the Isle of Mull 
 MySousChef – Create, Share and Publish Recipes 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 31 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What Can CND Products Do For You? 
 How to eat for a less stressed life 
 Dermaplaning - A Beginner's Guide 
 Simple ways to get fit at home 
 Save Your Nails from Damage 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Killoran House 
 Scottish-Independence 
 Welcome to KitMan 
 Welcome to KitMan 
 www.dervaigprimaryschool.co.uk/ 
 Good Living from Pure Beauty Online 
 Pure Beauty - The Beauty Salon in Lichfield 
 blog.pure-beauty.co.uk/ 
 Going With Karen 
 ipsyvsbirchbox 
 ...with Tinu 
 VeenazWorld 
 My Site 
 Dorkchops 
 Argan Oil Uses & Benefits 
 Moviestar Gamer News 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month Mar 2020  (4) Feb 2020  (8) Jan 2020  (9) Dec 2019  (9) Nov 2019  (8) Oct 2019  (9) Sep 2019  (9) Aug 2019  (8) Jul 2019  (9) Jun 2019  (9) May 2019  (9) Apr 2019  (8) Mar 2019  (9) Feb 2019  (8) Jan 2019  (9) Dec 2018  (9) Nov 2018  (8) Oct 2018  (9) Sep 2018  (9) Aug 2018  (9) Jul 2018  (9) Jun 2018  (8) May 2018  (9) Apr 2018  (9) Mar 2018  (8) Feb 2018  (8) Jan 2018  (9) Dec 2017  (9) Nov 2017  (9) Oct 2017  (9) Sep 2017  (8) Aug 2017  (9) Jul 2017  (9) Jun 2017  (8) May 2017  (9) Apr 2017  (9) Mar 2017  (9) Feb 2017  (8) Jan 2017  (9) Dec 2016  (8) Nov 2016  (9) Oct 2016  (9) Sep 2016  (8) Aug 2016  (9) Jul 2016  (9) Jun 2016  (9) May 2016  (9) Apr 2016  (8) Mar 2016  (9) Feb 2016  (8) Jan 2016  (10) Dec 2015  (9) Nov 2015  (9) Oct 2015  (8) Sep 2015  (9) Aug 2015  (9) Jul 2015  (8) Jun 2015  (4) May 2015  (1) Mar 2015  (1) Feb 2015  (1) Dec 2014  (2) Nov 2014  (1) Oct 2014  (3) Sep 2014  (1) Jul 2014  (5) Jun 2014  (4) Aug 2013  (2) Jul 2013  (8) Jun 2013  (9) May 2013  (13) Apr 2013  (17) Mar 2013  (17) Feb 2013  (16) Jan 2013  (17) Dec 2012  (13) Nov 2012  (17) Oct 2012  (10) Sep 2012  (1) Apr 2012  (20) Mar 2012  (8) Feb 2012  (15) Jan 2012  (16) Dec 2011  (6) Nov 2011  (15) Oct 2011  (16) Sep 2011  (15) Aug 2011  (16) Jul 2011  (12) Jun 2011  (16) May 2011  (30) Apr 2011  (58) Mar 2011  (8) 
 Pure Beauty on Twitter 
 
 Just posted a video   instagram.com/p/CKHSifoAH3w/…   1 day ago 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKD5saGFfcU/…   3 days ago 
 Just posted a photo @ Pure Beauty Online   instagram.com/p/CKCM4mVFYkz/…   3 days ago 
 
 Our Sites 
 
 The Lichfield Beauty Salon 
 Pure Beauty Dermalogica 
 Pure Beauty Decleor 
 Pure Beauty Elemis 
 Pure Beauty Blog 
 Pure Beauty Reviews 
 Pure Beauty TrustPilot Reviews 
 
 Categories 
 
 Award Winning Products  (8) 
 CND Nail Polishes  (2) 
 Decleor Skincare Products  (59) 
 Dermalogica Skincare  (95) 
 Elemis Skincare Products  (85) 
 Hair Care  (16) 
 Health and Happiness  (241) 
 Jan Marini Skincare Products  (30) 
 Life and Fashion  (200) 
 Nailtiques Nailcare  (2) 
 Product Focus  (340) 
 Product Information  (215) 
 Pure Beauty  (118) 
 Skincare Advice  (431)
 
 Skincare Problems  (162) 
 Skincare Regime  (153) 
 
 
 Skincare Regime  (21) 
 Special Offers  (14) 
 
 Tags 
 acne   active moist   ageing   beauty   body   Christmas   clean   complexion   decleor   dermalogica   dermalogica skincare products   dirt   dry   dry skin   Elemis   exercise   Eyes   face   fine lines   food   fresh   friends   hair   happy   health   healthy   home   hyaluronic acid   hydrate   hydration   lavender   love   make-up   moisture   natural   oil   redness   Relax   skin   sleep   smooth   SPF   spots   stress   summer   sun   tired   water   work   wrinkles 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Killoran House 
 Scottish-Independence 
 Welcome to KitMan 
 Welcome to KitMan 
 www.dervaigprimaryschool.co.uk/ 
 Good Living from Pure Beauty Online 
 Skincare Advice, Tips and News from Pure Beauty Online the Dermalogica and Decleor Experts 
 Pure Beauty - The Beauty Salon in Lichfield 
 blog.pure-beauty.co.uk/ 
 Going With Karen 
 Explore Life Boldly 
 ipsyvsbirchbox 
 ...with Tinu 
 VeenazWorld 
 be beautiful inside out 
 My Site 
 Dorkchops 
 Beauty, Fashion & Lifestyle Blogger 
 Argan Oil Uses & Benefits 
 Moviestar Gamer News 
 My own reveiws of new games and movies 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
