Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housekeeping Aide Temporary Full time 
 Sienna Senior Living 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re passionate about being a part of a team that is, committed to the Team Member Experience and driven by innovation and growth, then join us! 
 The Housekeeping Aide is a critical role within our communities as it impacts the lives of residents and ignites the warmth of human connection. 
 As a Housekeeping Aide your typical day will impact in the following ways: 
 
 Ensuring the daily neatness and cleanliness of residents’ rooms, offices and common areas including, but not limited to, rooms and equipment including: furniture, closets, windows, walls, floors, shower and tub rooms, washrooms, reception area, break rooms, etc. 
 Cleaning, sanitizing, and performing duties, including but not limited to: routine, deep, terminal and discharge cleaning, floor cleaning and maintenance, and waste management according to schedules. 
 Maintains a clean, safe environment for residents utilizing infection control principles. 
 Checking that supplies are adequate in housekeeping and equipment is in proper working order before commencing daily routine. 
 Carrying out duties in a positive and professional manner within a multidisciplinary team. 
 Performing other duties as assigned. 
 
 Must haves: 
 
 Secondary school graduate or approved equivalent. 
 Knowledge related to infection control, cleaning practices, housekeeping operations and equipment. 
 Good interpersonal skills. 
 Must have effective verbal and written English communication skills. 
 All applicants must successfully pass the prescribed Vulnerable Sector Check. 
 
 Bonus points for having: 
 
 Previous experience in Institutional Cleaning/Laundry in a Long Term Care is desirable. 
 
 Act upon your desire to help others and Join Sienna Senior Living as we continue to enhance the lives of those we serve. 
 For Ontario locations, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, upon request, support will be provided for accommodations throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
