
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 You're probably not one to take a job just to make your friends jealous, but in case you are, Spark is hiring a Content Producer in Tampa, FL, USA. 
 About 
 SPARK is seeking a team-oriented Content Producer who is eager to learn, create, and collaborate with our studio, social and creative teams. You are a storyteller who is passionate about working together to create visual narratives that move people. You bring flexibility and stability to the entire production process so that the most impactful work is created with efficiency. You are a multi-tasker who can deliver video and photo content across a variety of platforms. Someone who is detail oriented in the pre-production phase but can also jump on an edit to get jobs done. If this sounds like you, read on. 
 Role 
 Pre-Production 
Immerse and engage with the agency team to understand the client, business and concept vision 
 Work with creative and studio teams to develop shooting boards and production treatments 
Collaborate with creative and studio teams to assess all production needs and complete scenario planning to inform production planning 
Work with creative, brand and operations to develop multiple estimate options to meet work outcome and client budget needs. Demonstrate flexibility in scenario planning through the process. 
Clearly communicate details, nuances and shifts in production needs to both internal and client teams on an ongoing and consistent basis. Act as a solutions-first partner to solve for needs and opportunities as they arise. 
Book, confirm and coordinate all aspects of approved shoot needs including location, talent, crew, and other needs with brand, creative & studio team members 
Develop and maintain detailed and accurate production binders, estimates, decks and associated documentation for all aspects of production 
Continually assess potential project risks and escalate issues to studio, brand, social and creative leads 
 Production 
 Manage studio, agency, client and crew expectations to ensure high quality and accurate capture of shoot assets 
Manage production timeline and budgets, escalating any shifts in plans or expenses 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7676-spark-content-producer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Skills 
 Editing, Managing Budgets, Project Management 
 Date Posted 
 November 9, 2020 
 Managed By 
 elliott bedinghaus 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Near beach 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
