Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 4 Secrets to Success when Starting a New Job 
 Kayla Albert    23rd June    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=4%20Secrets%20to%20Success%20when%20Starting%20a%20New%20Job%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fstarting-a-new-job%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 After graduating from college with a fairly broad degree, I quickly realized that my skill set for  starting a new job  wasn’t as specialized as I had hoped it would be. I knew that I was more than capable of learning new tasks, I just needed someone to take a chance and give me the kind of on-the-job training that would get me to the next level. 
 Unfortunately, the majority of companies I applied to just weren’t interested in hiring someone that wasn’t already proficient at using various computer programs or completing certain tasks, so I became accustomed to rejection. 
 Then, by luck or some other miracle, I received the job offer I had been waiting for. I spent the next few days celebrating the accomplishment and then, as I sat through orientation after orientation, I realized that I would need to soak up a significant amount of technical knowledge to be successful at this new job. 
 I knew that I would have to fake it until I was able to settle in completely and really showcase my abilities. The last thing I wanted was to  show my new employer  that they had made a mistake in hiring me. 
 Starting a new job can be a massive challenge, especially when what is required of you is different from anything you’re used to, or when you’re jumping into an entirely new career. But the personal and professional growth offered by trying something new is substantial and certainly worth seeing through to the end. 
 Here are four ways you can push through the acclimation process and get up to speed at your new job. 
 1. Be Straightforward About Your Current Skills 
 If your boss hands you a task you aren’t able to complete, be honest about it from the get-go (this is where honesty on your resume comes in handy). 
 Trying to take on more than you can handle from the beginning will likely mean that you turn in less-than-impressive work, or that you spend a disproportionate amount of time working on one task -- either way, you won’t be putting your best foot forward. 
 Let your employer know what kind of training you need so that you can gradually increase your knowledge base and learn the correct way to handle certain assignments. This will keep you from cleaning up embarrassing messes later on. 
 Which brings us to … 
 2. Ask Questions, Then Ask More Questions 
 You might think that asking questions shows a lack of knowledge, but, more importantly, it shows that you are thoughtful and interested in completing every task to your best ability and to your employer’s specifications. 
 If you  avoid asking questions , not only will you probably make some costly mistakes, but it could make the acclimation process significantly harder for you to manage. After all, there’s nothing worse than sitting at your desk racking your brain for an answer, all while increasing your anxiety and wasting time. 
 So if you’re even slightly unsure, take a deep breath and then ask. In reality, most people are more than willing to help. 
 3. Seek Out Other Employees You Feel Comfortable Around 
 Do you remember the first day of school, when you felt like crawling into a hole until that one person came up and said hello? 
 You might be slightly older, but the feeling of comfort you get when someone takes you under their wing is the same whether you are 5 or 50. So try to feel out your fellow employees when starting a new job, and do your best to  forge relationships . 
 If you feel more comfortable in your environment, you are far more likely to be a successful employee. In addition, it can be extremely helpful to have someone in the know that you can turn to for help -- especially if you would rather not turn to your boss. 
 4. Hold On to Your Confidence Like Your Life Depends On It 
 There is nothing that hinders your success at a new job like a lack of confidence. You might not know the ins and outs quite yet, but getting a grasp of the logistics is simply a matter of time. 
 You were hired for a reason -- a quality or skill set that you already possess -- so put that on display instead of your insecurity about being able to correctly complete the task at hand. 
 Until you know exactly what you’re doing,  use your confidence  to attract positive attention. 
 Final Words 
 Diving in to a challenging  new job  is no small feat, but the payoff is far greater than forever staying where you feel most comfortable. In fact, it’s only in challenging ourselves that we are able to grow the most, personally and professionally. 
 What are your tips for finding your footing when starting a new job? 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 starting a new job (1) 
 
 
 your job (3) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Kayla Albert  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Kayla Albert spent two years plugging away as a freelance writer before taking a job as a community manager for a local newspaper. She enjoys writing about productivity and personal growth topics. You can also find her at  ThinkSimpleNow.com 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Win the Ground War at Work  
  _ _     Should I Hire a Career Coach?  
  _ _     4 Ways to Deal with Criticism  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Paul  on the 23rd June 
 
 Reply   
 My #1 tip, focus really hard on learning everyone's name early. Works well and endears you to your new colleagues. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
