Skip to content 
   
 
 I am happier flying 
 Red sky in the morning; sailor, take warning. 
 
 IG  
 
 Menu 
 
 Who is @soontobesonex? 
 My Contact 
 Your Questions, Answered Here 
 
   
 Aviation 
 The World's Worst Flying Job Interview 
 July 23, 2020   Shavonne 
 Estimated reading time: 3 minutes, 5 seconds 
 I once interviewed for a company where the interviewer's goal seemed to be to bang off every single illegal job interview question in one sitting. Have a gander  at this list . 
 "How old are you?" 
 "Are you married?" 
 "Do you guys have kids? Are you going to?" 
 "Are you from Canada?" 
 The questions themselves  seem  harmless enough, almost as though someone is taking a personal, neighborly interest in you. However, it'd be incredibly naive to take them as anything other than a blatant attempt at discrimination. It was one of those moments where you're answering the questions without hesitation because you're young, dumb, and desperate for a job. Those questions, those grabs at finding a reason to deny my application should have been taken as a major red flag for what was to come, but again, young and dumb. 
 
 Female applicants were more likely to report being asked about their desire to have a family than male applicants  (32% vs. 3%, respectively, p = 0.041)… gender discrimination in the residency interview has not been eradicated… Community and academic programs appear to ask similar numbers and types of potentially illegal questions. 
 Hessel, Kara, et al. “Have We Come as Far as We Had Hoped? Discrimination in the Residency Interview.”  Journal of Surgical Education  , vol. 74, no. 6, 2017, pp. 939–945., doi:10.1016/j.jsurg.2017.04.003. 
 
 We know that women are far more likely to be asked illegal questions in job interviews than men. And in my case, asked outright, with no sugar-coating or hiding behind flowery words. And the person interviewing me was a woman as well (!), which gave it even more of a  what the hell  factor. 
 I'm saving the best for last though. That  by far  was not the worst question I was asked. 
 It started off innocent enough. "Do you have any siblings?" I'm sort of 50/50 on whether I answer this in a grey zone, or if I'm completely honest. Sometimes you just don't want to get into having lost your only sibling with a total stranger. On this day though, I chose to be candid. 
 I explained to the interviewer that yes, I have a brother, but unfortunately had lost him in an aviation related accident. 
 She stared at me, and without skipping a beat or expressing an ounce of sympathy said, "Well, will this affect how you work? Will that happen to you?" 
 Just, what. The. Heck. 
 How can someone, a stranger no less, without knowing any information or details surrounding my little brother's accident,  ask me if I was going to have an accident too? 
 I don't at all like to paint people, even seemingly insensitive people, with the same color brush. Labeling others on the first meeting can be a BIG detriment to yourself, as it closes you off from expanding your mindset and being open to having it challenged. But you do have to wonder, what life experiences has this woman had to make her so uncaring? What happened to make her a person who so blatantly disregards the same laws that this country has put into place to protect women such as herself? 
 I suppose we'll never really know the answer. My lesson was learned: cheer on and support the companies that avoid dabbling in the wrong side of the law, and who conduct far more professional interviews. Be an advocate for women and men in the industry, teaching them what they do and do not have to tolerate in order to get, or keep, a job. 
 Those companies and chief pilots are out there - and man are they awesome! God bless 'em. 
 As always, big THANK YOU to those reading! Slap me with a comment down below, I absolutely adore reading through them. 
 xx, Shavs 
 Spread the love: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  Aviation ,  canadian aviation ,  interview ,  interviewing ,  job offer ,  pilot ,  pilot job ,  pilots 
 Post navigation 
 Previous post5 Ways You're an Unsafe Pilot and Don't Even Know It 
 Next postThe Depressed Pilot 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow I am happier flying on WordPress.com 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Shavonne  on  The real, no-bullshit reason w… 
 
 
 
 
 
 a  on  The real, no-bullshit reason w… 
 
 
 
 Shavonne  on  The real, no-bullshit reason w… 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Aviation 
 Depression 
 
 My Tweets 
 You never know what you're going to miss! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email! 
 Join 2,447 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow this Blog 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,447 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow this Blog 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,447 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow this Blog 
 Admitad 
 
 IG  
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
