Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How Your Spouse Can Help Your Work-Life Balance 
 Carl Natale    27th July    Career   6 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20Your%20Spouse%20Can%20Help%20Your%20Work-Life%20Balance%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fwork-life-balance%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I don't need to tell you how challenging it is to  balance work and life . In this economy, it's hard to say no to working more hours. You want to spend more time with your family but need to make enough money to pay the bills. 
 What works for many people may not work for you. Luckily you have an extremely powerful ally - your partner. No, not the person who works with you or co-owns your business. I'm talking about your spouse/significant other/family member. Who do you share your life with? 
 Your partner can play a huge part in achieving work-life balance. Here are some ways to help each other make the most of your time: 
 Define balance 
 First you need to decide what a balanced life looks like. I can't tell you that. It's your call. 
 Basically, if it feels good it's balance. Some people have no problem working 50 hours per week. It's what they love to do. And that may be fine with your partner. 
 Some people hate working 10 hours in a job or profession. They have more than balance problems. They need to find a career that feeds their soul before they can worry about dedicating time to their family. 
 Involve your partner 
 A friend sums it up beautifully. "If she ain't happy, you ain't happy." You need to make your partner happy. That person may not be a legal part of your business or profession, but you need to consider him or her part of the team. Don't expect to make them work or invest money in your work. But they need to buy into what you're doing. 
 And if they understand what you're doing, they will be willing to cut you some slack when you can't devote more time to them. 
 My fiancee is supportive of my time working because she was part of the decision making when I became a freelancer. And I continue to keep her informed of how things are going. Her counsel is valuable, and she understands the decisions I need to make. I also use my flexible schedule to help around the house when needed. 
 Decide what is truly needed 
 That question cuts to the core of balancing business and family requirements. It may be possible to pay someone else to do some of the more time consuming tasks like bookkeeping. At home, maybe your partner will welcome the idea of hiring someone to clean or do yard work. If the money isn't there, then maybe you need to raise rates. 
 Also be skeptical of what may be considered important. Will your business or company fail if you don't pick up the phone or answer e-mail at all hours? Many of those "important" tasks could be given less priority in favor of spending time with family. 
 Put your heads together 
 If you're still having trouble fitting it all in, ask your partner. There are a few reasons this can lead to a great solution: 
 
 Your partner may be willing to let you sacrifice some family time to do what you need to do. Again, this is can be a direct result of open communication. 
 There's a reason why you're in this relationship. Your partner might have an idea or two that helps figure it out. I doubt you're with a clone of yourself. So your partner's perspective and unique talents may lead to a solution that you can't see. 
 
 Decide when to turn it off 
 The dinner table in my house is a phone-free zone. No texts, e-mails, calls, updates, newspapers, video, TV or radio. It's just us. There are other moments when I turn off all my devices. It's a clear signal that I'm clearly available and dedicated to the family. 
 But there are other times when we're together that I pull out the laptop to finish a column or write e-mails. It allows me to enjoy her company but get some work done. Usually she's multitasking at the same time. But I also know when it's time to turn the computer off so she has my full attention. 
 This is up to you and your family. Having time completely offline can really help you. Blending the two parts of your life can help free up offline time. It's your call. Just make it together. 
 Work together - literally 
 Sometimes it's advantageous for  the two of you to work in the same business . Note that your mileage may vary. This could be the best or worst idea ever for your family. 
 Schedule a family business meeting 
 Here's something that will help keep things running smoothly at home. Schedule a business meeting with your family every week. We try to do it over Monday dinner since that's a constant time we're together. And it's a natural time to talk about the week ahead. We discuss what's on all our schedules - which is important when you have a non-driving child in the house - and make sure there are no conflicts. 
 Why it matters 
 If you're not achieving balance, you may not be able to take proper care of yourself - physically or mentally. This can lead to health issues that will prevent you from working and/or being with your family. Any unhappiness can make it hard for your family to be with you even when you make the time. So taking care of yourself is important to taking care of your work and family. 
 How do you maintain work-life balance? 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 balance work and life (2) 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance (42) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Carl Natale  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Carl Natale is a freelance blogger who writes about tips and advice for small businesses. He runs the site Expensiccino.com - a site about how top brands set their prices. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     4 Tips for People Going it Alone  
  _ _     Killer Chrome Extensions for Productive Browsing  
  _ _     Where to Research for Your Salary Negotiation  
 
 Discussion 
 
 6 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Jennifer Brown Banks  on the 27th July 
 
 Reply   
 I really dig this informative and insightful post. I think it's particularly needed in today's tough economy where many people are trying to balance their work responsibilities with their personal desires and obligations. 
 Thanks for sharing this. 
 
 Jessica Bosari  on the 28th July 
 
 Reply   
 My husband and I do very well. We share the household work and we've learned to balance my work at home issues. For a long time, every time he saw me on the computer he was aggravated because I was working such long hours. But once I figured out how to put the PC down at five and not pick it up again until 7 or 8 pm, all has been well. 
 He even wrangles toddlers when I'm in a teleconference and is extra considerate when I go above and beyond on housework that he usually does. What makes all this even more special is that it's not in his nature. He grew up with a mother that worked full time and did all of the household work. We're two stubborn people who took ten years of nit picking and bickering to find a balance, but thank goodness we finally found it! 
 
 Ana da Silva  on the 28th July 
 
 Reply   
 Sure thing. If your partner isn't happy or supportive it makes things for you so much harder. I often read successful people's profiles or dedications and if they have a partner, the partner is always a major part of their success. 
 
 Paula D  on the 15th September 
 
 Reply   
 A partner certainly is a great ally/helper/listener - all of these things. Knowing that I can ask him to handle some house-related tasks or projects is really a big stress reliever for me. Knowing that he is waiting for me to stop working keeps me 'honest' and gives me a great reason to stop working! My friend Suzy will be sharing some great ideas and information on this topic Oct 9 2010- especially women. Check out the video I have provided if you like. 
 
 Daquan Wright  on the 9th January 
 
 Reply   
 Great article, balance is such an important ideal. Balance is the essence of life….without it there is nothing but a cloud of chaos and stress. 
 More people should communicate openly as well, it's everything, really. 
 
 Michelle  on the 3rd March 
 
 Reply   
 Insightful, informative. It is all in the definition of what balance means to you and your partner. Great article. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
