  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Chorley, England 
 Rate:  Up to £10.65 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Passenger Assistant 
 Service Care Solutions are working closely alongside Lancashire County Council to provide them with a Passenger Assistant to join their team in the Chorley area working 37.5 hours a week. 
 To be considered you must have an up to date DBS or if not we can put one in process for you. 
 Accountabilities/Responsibilities: 
, Assist in the transporting of young/elderly passengers in a safe, caring manner, ensuring their welfare and maintaining their dignity. 
, Providing care duties associated with transport services. 
 For example, assisting passengers to prepare for their journey to and on or off the vehicle and ensuring passengers are safe and comfortable when they are on the vehicle. 
, Working as part of a team in the delivery of the service. 
, Operating the vehicle tailgate-lift during the boarding and alighting of passengers in wheelchairs following appropriate. 
, Ensuring the safe application of wheelchair clamps and straps and other specialist equipment. 
, Ensuring that all communication issued by the service is followed and adhered to. 
, Completion of records as required by Integrated Transport procedures. 
 The benefits of working with Michael at Service Care Solutions: 
, You will receive a £150 joining bonus after completing 4 weeks of your first 
assignment with us 
, Free umbrella service for new candidates 
, We provide frequent updates of new opportunities via text and email 
, We are a nationwide supplier of Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities 
which means we have a wide variety of exclusive roles based all over the country 
, We have an expert payroll service which is processed twice a week 
 At Service Care Solutions we also offer a £250 bonus for referrals! If you think you know someone who would be ideal for this role and they are placed in the job you will then receive £250 at the end of their probationary period. 
 To apply for this role, or to refer someone else, then please do not hesitate to contact Michael at Service Care Solutions on 01772208964 or email michael.butler@servicecare.org.uk with your CV. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  6 Months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £10.65 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Chorley, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 16:39:15 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
