Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Controller 
 Appnovation Technologies 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 About the Company 
 Appnovation is a global full-service digital consultancy. We help businesses advance and inspire, create positive transformation, and champion digital innovation. At Appnovation, we seamlessly integrate strategy, user experience, development, deployment, training and support. Appnovation. Inspiring Possibility. Learn more at appnovation.com. 
 We’re currently looking for a Financial Controller to join our finance team in Vancouver, BC. 
Reporting to our CFO, the Financial Controller is responsible for oversight of accounting and financial reporting of the company. 
 YOU WILL HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO 
 Lead the day to day accounting functions including revenue recognition, accounts receivable and accounts payable management, treasury and payroll processes; 
Prepare financial reports for Board of Directors 
Oversee the month end and year end closing and consolidation process, including performing budget to actual analysis, and variance analysis against prior periods; 
Review monthly bank compliance documents 
Establish and maintain standard accounting policies and internal controls for existing operations as well as new businesses acquired 
Manage financial audit process, including communication with auditors and the preparation of the related analyses 
Coach and guide junior accounting team members 
Comply with state/provincial, and federal government reporting requirements and tax filings 
Other duties and responsibilities assigned. 
 WHO YOU ARE 
6+ years’ of full-cycle accounting and financial reporting experience, including 3+ years of experience in public accounting practice 
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business Administration 
Designated Accountant (CPA) or equivalent 
Expertise in accounting and financial principles and governance (GAAP, IFRS) 
Proficient in Excel 
Detail-oriented, performs well under pressure with tight deadlines 
Strong analytical, organizational and problem solving skills 
Able to multi-task 
Flexible and easily adapts to change 
Experience with Netsuite is an asset 
Thrives in a fast-paced work environment 
 Thank you for your interest in a career with Appnovation Technologies! 
 Please note that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Appnovation Technologies is committed to fostering a diverse and representative workforce and an inclusive work environment where all employees are treated equally. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
