Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cardiac Device Technologist 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Cardiac Device Technologist 
 File #:  2020-19020 
 Status:  Casual (1) 
 Dept/Program:  Cardiac Device Clinic - Cardiac Health Program 
 Site:  Mississauga Hospital 
 Hours of Work/Shifts:  Available to work all shifts (Days, Evenings) 
 Posted:  November 19, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 26, 2020 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Key Qualifications: 
Graduation from a recognized program in Cardiology Technology or equivalent combination of education and experience. 
Successful completion of a recognized course in cardiac diagnostics or equivalent 
Demonstrated knowledge and practical application of arrhythmia recognition and 12-lead interpretation with an ability to respond to emergency situations appropriately. 
Minimum of 5 years practical pacemaker and ICD experience 
BCLS certification required 
CSCT certification required 
NASPE certification an asset 
Demonstration of good attendance and work records 
Demonstration of strong interpersonal and organizational skills 
Possess strong computer skills 
Proven ability to work effectively as a member of the multi-disciplinary team 
Excellent teaching and staff development skills 
 Position Summary: 
Pacemaker/ICD follow up assessments 
Triage coordination and clinic flow 
12 lead ECG’s 
Entry and Reporting with Data management software 
Patient and family pre and post op education 
Works in conjunction with other team members to prioritize, co-ordinate and complete area workload 
Demonstration of the ability to work as an integral member of a health care team 
Assist with statistical data collection, equipment quality assurance, and maintaining adequate departmental supplies 
Perform all duties with Patient-centred focus 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
