Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 FOOD, LOVE, FIBRO, FUN 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Look, See, Be A Warrior 
 Posted on  April 17, 2014  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 6 
 
 "Warrior" (Photo credit: tiseb) 
 I'm in a new phase of life, the one that wants me to jump (okay get) out of bed and explore new things, consignment stores, nature, things to put together, photographs that I have taken, blending, coloring, initiating, cooking and baking. New things. What it will turn out to be I do not know but I am excited about having something new to do. I want to explore all new things. It's been three days, so far so good.I've decided to focus on myself. It's a whole new world out there. 
 My conscience is my conscience. 
 I need a new mission other than complaining on this blog. Don't worry, I'll still be here, sometimes, but I need to branch out in different directions. Instead of those huge collages I used to make for years to express myself, (they gave me so much happiness) maybe I need to make them again in a different version of what they were. Smaller? Tighter? In another form? Or give them as gifts, to brighten someone's day. Drawing isn't really my thing although I am proud I tried it, I want to try it now with my non-dominant hand and yes, I am a left-handed. 
 
 Color picture (Photo credit: @Doug88888) 
 I want to learn many new things out of my comfort zone, what's the fun of staying inside? It's been established that I can draw within the lines, I want out and not just with the #2 pencils but with bright purples and bold green, dancing red lines and orange oranges. I will dress in only colorful clothing, bright colors, no beige, tan or white (only with a colorful scarf.) I will wear earrings and for the first time, I wore make-up yesterday, oh yes I did. At my advanced age I should have worn make-up for the last 40 years. I thought lipstick counted. I felt great and I know I came off totally differently, with confidence, cheerful. People smiled at me, first. 
 I've had enough of old me, time for new me, it may last, it may not. Just going on to try it on for a little while. Also, I'm going to buy myself a present. Simply because I want to and can and I have saved up money for it. It's mine, all mine, no thank you notes, no guilt, no, begging, no wish list. I saw it last year but it didn't feel right to buy it back then. After a grueling seven to eight months of medical hell, I'm celebrating, by myself, for myself. 
 Tomorrow, a new day in my new life, empowerment, spirituality, more meditation, a light shining down even when it is cloudy, walking, noticing, keeping busy, getting unstuck. Will I make mistakes? Of course, I will go backwards at times. I need to realize it when it happens and accept it but, get up again. 
 And, I will earn money, someway, somehow. This is my Time. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  art ,  believe ,  Confidence ,  Employment ,  Explore ,  giving ,  Growing ,  job ,  life ,  New Attitude ,  New Spirit ,  New things ,  Spirituality ,  Taking Charge ,  Warrior  |   6  Replies 
 Employment Application, 2013 
 Posted on  September 17, 2013  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 5 
 
 So freaking delicious, from my favorite restaurant Le Madeline 🙂 (Photo credit: Wikipedia) 
 Dear Hiring Manager: 
 Wanted: Full or Part-time Job involving food, writing or any combination of the two. Traveling with car service a must: ( I have NO sense of direction and that is an understatement) It is NO joke. It is NOT covered by the ADA but why isn't it? Mode of transportation: Airlines: Private jet or first class preferable, business class necessary, economy, okay..if I must. Stand by: Been there, done that. 
 Interests: Food, Special Interest: Dessert, Food TV shows, Favorite all time dessert: Sacher Torte: Original or Fake, German or Austrian or American from Kew Gardens, Queens at the Homestead Gourmet with raspberry jam.I had it every year growing up for my birthday and I miss it. RIP Teddy. 
 Special Skills: Having traveled (for free) in my childhood I am extremely knowledgeable to rate hotels in addition to their restaurants and room service if you would like me to do that. I do not shy away from extra assignments, in fact, I just offered a very, informative link to the hotel industry. Can someone call 'The Hilton's', please? 
 Proof of Expertise: Reading my blog, references, and restaurant owners in the area. I wrote a review of "The Flying Pig" for the local newspaper, it is not my fault they closed the restaurant, we still miss it, I assure you. Receipts upon request. 
 Good Points: Very amicable, charming, an excellent communicator, doesn't like alcohol. Does not consider sorbet a dessert, perhaps as a palette cleanser and no weird flavors like octopus or lizard. Prefers cakes over pies, ice cream in addition to the cake never in lieu of the cake. Fresh fruit on request, ha ha ha ha ha. For a special occasion our family went out to a fancy restaurant and our daughter, the vegetarian, ordered blueberries and strawberries for $12 or $15 dollars and we said "no." She was beyond furious even after I offered to make her some at home. Cookies: any time, all the time, but if you don't want to make them, that's fine, go to a bakery instead, Just sayin'… 
 Bad Points: I confess, favorite comfort food is still Kraft American cheese slices on soft bread (not Wonder bread. Anymore.) with light spreadable "butter and a chocolate related drink, this could include hot chocolate, Yoo-Hoo or chocolate egg creams. Diet Pepsi/Coke/Root Beer acceptable too. There are certain food items and beverages that go together well. Something salty would go with this dish, chips, pretzels, nothing special. 
 Additional Experience: Watching TV shows with my husband on our couch while eating our dessert not to be confused with Pre-D which immediately follows our meal but is a predecessor of the real "D" (which as you may have figured out is: Dessert. Ice Cream, pastry from French bakeries, even an occasional cupcake will do if we have nothing else. (Okay, maybe a Twinkie) and Baklava, yum, (another post on Baklava is also a blog post.) 
 Market Reach and Development: I need to be the first person or close enough to TRY NEW PRODUCTS, that is a natural field for me, I spy them on the shelves, I immediately buy them. Case in point: "*Candy Cotton Grapes." I did not stop until I found them, it took 3 stores but I HAD TO HAVE THEM. I excel at wanting, finding and buying new products, my mother said I've been like that since I was 5, haven't stopped. (see the entry "Cotton Candy Grapes" on my blog. 
 Cooking Skills: I make a mean chicken soup, I can roast a chicken with lemon and love, my baking skills are superb but limited to Banana Bread with the following options (plain, chocolate chip or chocolate chip and raisin) The latter being my son's absolute favorite and the one thing he actually brags about (and hoards) from his friends. I can also bake Pumpkin bread with or without raisins (without for my daughter who doesn't like the texture of raisins and many other things) Oh, I knew I would forget something an award-winning Pea Soup. (Okay not a real award but it deserves one.) I learned how to make Chopped Chicken Liver when I was ten by a neighbor… 
 Excellent Writing Skills: To summarize the meals, service, attention to detail and I interact beautifully with all levels of employees. Note: I believe that you need to be kind to everyone and yes, it's hard but at least try. Karma is karma, I'm not perfect, neither are you. 
 Overall summary: Delightful person with excellent communication skills and a love of food (junky or refined), enthusiastic, funny, silly, and a charming dinner companion. This applicant plays no games, she can't wear high heels because they hurt her feet, although she would try fancier flats if necessary, she is willing to adapt. She has dancing green eyes and brown curly hair and only wears lipstick which her mother has bugged her about for the last two months. She is thinking about being dragged to one of those fancy stores like Nordstrom (which I used to call Nordstrom's before my daughter corrected me for the 19th time ( with the ever so charming and obvious eye roll to the sky) for a make-over. Plus, I need new clothing too. 
 This candidate, I can assure you, will never, ever be late. She will always, unless there is a natural disaster, be early because she had/has European parents and there WAS no other option. She is honest, she can keep secrets and is always reliable. 
 Take a chance. At the very least, bring her in for an interview. 
 Pretty please with rainbow sprinkles on top? 
 Yours truly, 
 Me. 
 PS: If you call my friend Maureen she will tell you that at times I do eat pizza with either grape or strawberry jam on top. I do not deny this one bit. In fact, I am proud of it. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  banana bread ,  Cake ,  Cooking ,  dessert ,  Ellen Degeneres ,  Employment ,  Employment Application ,  food ,  food network ,  food shows ,  foodie ,  funny ,  Jimmy Kimmel ,  job ,  Kew Gardens ,  Lorne Michaels ,  Marketing ,  new products ,  New York ,  Nordstrom ,  NY ,  Padma Lakshmi ,  Queens ,  rainbow sprinkles ,  Sacher Torte ,  Sachertorte ,  Saturday Night Live ,  the food channel ,  The Food Network ,  The Homestead Gourmet Shop ,  The Ideal Job  |   5  Replies 
 The Cops Caught Me 
 Posted on  April 15, 2011  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 3 
 
 Image via Wikipedia 
 Oh THAT SIlly Thing…….. 
 It was an honest mistake. No really, I swear. I was in the center of town in MA. running to the post office to pick up a mountain of resumes for a freelance assignment I had accepted. The whole project had problems and I knew from my one meeting with the head of the company, this project didn't sound necessary. I told them what I thought and still they insisted. I knew deep inside that they did not need anyone else and I told them that an in-house person would do, but they wouldn't listen. I worked hard, really hard but one morning, parked outside of the post office I realized that I inadvertently left my keys in the car only to discover it was locked. Locked solid. 
 A police officer was near-by and I told them what I had done. I was incredibly mad at myself and felt like an utter fool. My husband and I had two very young children at the time so I did not want to bother him if I didn't have to. The police officer was nice enough to offer me a ride home in the police car to pick up the second set of keys. I called my husband immediately and told him to bring our son, age 3, outside. He was a huge fan of police cars, firetrucks, and ambulances and I wanted him to see the police car. I felt pretty stupid locking myself out of the car and I don't really know what the neighbors thought but to my son, I was a rock star and there was NO feeling better than that. 
   
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  family ,  job ,  Keys ,  Law Enforcement ,  Locked Car ,  Parents and Children ,  Police ,  Police car ,  Police officer ,  Post Office ,  son  |   3  Replies 
 My Gift Wish List 
 Posted on  November 27, 2010  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 1 
 
 Image via Wikipedia 
 HO, HO, HO? 
 Dear Santa, 
 I've been asking for this special gift, this present, for over a year now. Since it's almost Christmas (and Hanukkah) please, could you read my letter again? I was silly to think that you would grant my wish before the holidays but 'tis the season now…fa la la la la, la la la la. I am not asking for a present for just me, I am asking for one present for the whole family. I am asking for a job for my husband that pays real money. Our family would really appreciate it. Please Santa, its been a long time. I've been a very good girl and will, once again, leave out cookies and milk for you and carrots for Rudolph and the rest of the reindeer. Thanks a lot! Hugs and kisses and love, from ME 
   
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Christmas ,  Christmas and holiday season ,  Dear Santa ,  dream ,  economy ,  Employment ,  family ,  Gift ,  Hannukah ,  Hanukkah ,  holiday ,  Holidays ,  job ,  money ,  paid job ,  Santa Claus ,  the economy ,  tis the season ,  unemployed ,  unemployment ,  wish  |   1  Reply 
 Love Food Shows, Hate To Cook: What's Up With That? 
 Posted on  August 2, 2010  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 3 
 Dear Food Network and Bravo: 
 Can I consider myself a foodie if I don't like to cook? In fact, I pretty much hate it. But watching it on television? I'm an addict. I guess the fact that I obsess about food, look forward to it, think about it, crave, it entitles me to be a non-cooking foodie. I think that I may be inspired one day to try real cooking; but not right now. I can get by on cooking meals for my family but it's the basic stuff. Pasta and home-made cheese sauce (Ok, almost home-made: I confess I use Kraft American slices, individually wrapped.)I also bake the best and the most delicious banana bread in the world (plain, with raisins, chocolate chips or both). I can do a roast and I'm definitely fine with sticking a chicken (with kosher salt and pepper) and a couple of squeezes of fresh lemon, in the oven. Baked potatoes? Anytime. My new favorite: a well-toasted english muffin with lite cream cheese and slices of tomato and a hint of salt and pepper. My beverage of choice with this? Need you ask? Yoo-Hoo, cold or room temperature. 
 I need to work for the FOOD NETWORK OR BRAVO FOOD) station. Anybody here have any connections? I'm very likable, love to eat (although I have to say I might gag if I had to eat some of the things that they make on the show, octopus and goat, I can barely do lamb). But, for a job working, preparing, serving, ANYTHING with food I would (have to) be flexible. Seriously? I am the most conscientious worker you ever have known. I'm neurotically early so if you wanted me there at 9am, guaranteed you would see my smiling face at 8:45am. Having grown up with a German mom and a Viennese dad, they taught us about punctuality. Being on time, in my family, is being LATE. When we get together we all are 10-15 minutes early; it's in our neurotic, eager to please, Jewish blood. 
 So, Padma, Tom, Bob, Eric? Dick, Jane, Sally? Bobby, Bob, Paula Deen? I want to do something I love, other than writing. That thing, is food. I could be a tester, a taster, a candle stick maker, whatever you want. I need a job and Oprah always said "do what you love." You don't doubt Oprah, do you? That reminds me, dear Oprah, I need a hook-up, with the Food Network or Bravo, can you help? 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  banana bread ,  Bravo ,  chicken ,  children ,  chocolate milk ,  cream cheese ,  don't like to cook ,  english muffins ,  eric ,  family ,  food network ,  food network station ,  foodie ,  great worker ,  husband ,  job ,  judges ,  Kraft Individual Slices ,  love food ,  love to eat ,  macaroni and cheese ,  need a job ,  not a great cook ,  Oprah ,  Oprah hook up ,  Oprah Winfrey ,  padma ,  pasta ,  Paula Deen ,  roast ,  tom ,  Tom Colicchio ,  tomatoes ,  Yoo-Hoo  |   3  Replies 
 The Jellybean Dinner 
 Posted on  December 26, 2009  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 Reply 
 December 20, 2009 
 Last night my children and I had dinner together upstairs in our bedroom. My husband was off to Western Mass. to bring our "lovey" dog to his parents for Camp Callie. Usually, If we go away our sensitive dog, Callie, stays at home and our neighbors and friends come in to feed her and walk her but this time the grandparents wanted to have the dog and take care of her. She loves them. 
 My son was in an absolutely celebratory mood, a Junior in High School, he also works every day after school, with the exception of "off limits Fridays." He came home happy, haven gotten a Christmas bonus from our lovely neighbors and he was thrilled. As a mom, I of course was thrilled for him. In addition to money they also gave him a huge selection of jelly bellies and a box of chocolate for the family. Quite a lovely and thoughtful gift from his employers (our neighbors!) 
 I gave Tim money to get dinner for us and he went to his favorite place, Villarina's, to buy some wraps for Jillian and for me. I can't begin to express the love and fun that was at the meal as the three of us crowded around my bed as we ate and talked. We were excited becauae we were going away for a few days to Aruba, something that Tim had been looking forward to and had not been able to go for years.One of his closest friends, Aaron goes almost every holiday to visit his grandmother. Our moods were bright with the promise of tomorrow and without the more formal seating of the kitchen table. 
 For pre-D, (pre-dessert) Tim opened up his box of assorted jelly beans and started tasting them and of course, threw some to Jillian and to me. There was laughter and joy and warmth I hadn't felt in a long, long time. I felt like I hadn't had this opportunity to just be with the kids for a long time. After all, I had been sick for almost two years. Look at what I had missed!!! The jellybean dinner was the payoff. The opportunity to be with my two teenagers as we laughed, and teased each other and caught up on some old memories. This was worth more than any expensive dinner I could have gone too. This was living; this is what I was meant to do with my life. My life goal. 
 I was home, with both children around me, not stressed, and full of fun. for a holiday wish, you just can't get better than this: a memory of fun, closeness,love and warmth and yes, at least 50 different flavors of jelly beans. Happy Holidays to all! 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  being a mom ,  employer ,  fibromyalgia ,  fun ,  hashimoto's thyroiditis ,  Holidays ,  home ,  illness ,  jelly beans ,  job ,  kids ,  life goal ,  missing family time ,  mom ,  neighbors  |   Leave a reply 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,173 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
