Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Casual Building Service Worker 
 School District #75 (Mission) 
 __Mission, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Mission Public Schools is located in the heart of the Fraser Valley and proudly serves 6,000 students and 1,000 staff. 
 SUMMARY 
 Under the direction, supervision and evaluation of the Building Service Worker Foreman and/or Building Service Worker Leadhand and under the day-to-day direction of the school administrator, the Building Service Worker is responsible for maintaining the school in accordance with established procedures, with regard to safety, sanitation, security and appearance. 
 While their hours may be outside of the school day, Building Service Workers may be in contact with staff, students, parents and the general public as they go about their work. Assistance is provided in response to enquiries and requests within general guidelines, such as those outlined by Rental Agreements or verbal instructions from supervisors. 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Following instructions and standards established by the Facilities Department as well as recognizing the individual requirements of the school, the Building Service Worker performs the following: 
 Performs a variety of manual tasks such as sweeping, dusting, mopping, washing, vacuuming, polishing, brushing, disinfecting or scrubbing all surfaces of furniture, furnishings, floors, walls, glass, doors and other surfaces using a variety of equipment, chemical products and cleaning apparatus 
 Clean up of bio-hazards such as blood, saliva or other bodily fluids in accordance with infectious control measures 
 Operates a variety of caretaking equipment such as vacuums, polishers, and rug cleaning equipment. 
 removes garbage from the indoor receptacles 
 performs minor maintenance activities such as unplugging sinks, toilets, adjusting shelves, replacing glides/foot protectors on chairs, etc. 
 replaces burnt out lights – fluorescent, exit. etc. (up to 10 ft) 
 maintains entrances and adjacent sidewalks to buildings e.g. sweeping, snow removal etc. 
 orders custodial supplies by filling out requisitions, maintaining adequate supplies and an organized storage area 
 maintains W.H.M.I.S. binders and inserts new product safety data sheets and ensures containers used for storing supplies are properly labeled; uses cleaning solutions in a safe manner 
 provides general assistance such as shifting furniture, lifting boxes, etc. 
 secures the building by closing windows, doors, locking gates and activating the intruder alarm system and reporting concerns to the proper authorities – supervisor, security company, police 
 adjusts daily work schedule, within general departmental guidelines, to meet special circumstances, e.g. concerts, parent-teacher conferences, etc. 
 ensures copies of rental contracts, activities are posted in custodial room for reference and ensures groups using facility are authorized 
 performs major clean-up activities during school break times 
 assists with school opening and closing – checking adequate number of furnishings for classrooms, etc. 
 performs assistance and information to maintenance workers pertaining to repairs 
 performs visual inspection and reports necessary building repairs, unsafe conditions, hazards including fire extinguishers to the site office, supervisor or facilities using judgment to determine the level of risk of injury to others 
 may be required to work alone 
 acts in a professional manner when associating with staff, students, general public, rental groups in accordance with the Respectful Workplace Policy 
 performs other related duties as may be reasonably expected of a person in this position 
 QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE 
 Building Service Worker Certificate 
working knowledge of materials, methods and equipment used in custodial work 
 WHMIS certification or willingness to obtain 
 good safety awareness and practices, including the ability to use proper lifting techniques to climb and work safely on ladders and to apply materials in a safe manner, according to manufacturer’s directions and written instruction 
 ability and willingness to learn new practices and procedures related to cleaning methods 
 sufficient physical strength and stamina to perform the duties of the position 
 ability to independently with or without supervision 
 ability to work within departmental guidelines as to standards, methods, etc.; making adjustments as required 
 a willingness and ability to provide assistance to staff, students and visitors to the school by responding to enquiries and communicate effectively and professionally when dealing with students, staff, rental groups, and general public 
 awareness of emergency procedures in case of fire, flood, gas smell, power outages, accident or serious illness and location of hydro, gas, water shutoffs, electrical and fire panel locations and the ability to reset breakers 
 knowledge of the district’s energy saving and recycle programs 
 working knowledge of healthy and safe work practices in accordance with WorkSafe BC Regulations for Workers 
 A clear Criminal Record Review to be updated every five (5) years 
 a valid BC Driver’s License and vehicle 
 The current casual building service worker starts at $21.67 per hour. 
 We regret only short-listed applicants will be notified. Please submit a detailed resume outlining qualifications and experience to: HRsupportstaff@mpsd.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
