Toggle navigation 
   
 
 Pet Sitting Business Tips
 
 Pet Business Marketing 
 
 
 Pet Sitting Excellence 
 Pet Emergency Planning
 
 Pet Health 
 Pet Products 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 Unusual Pet Careers - Animal Reiki 
 I found the unusual pet career of Animal Reiki highlighted in  The World of Professional Pet Sitting Magazine  this month. Reiki is one of the growing number of holistic healing therapies that are available for use with pets. Reiki is a therapy that involves channelling of energy into the pet either by direct touch with the Reiki practioner or indirectly. 
 Reiki was founded in Japan at the end of the nineteenth century but has only been practiced in the West since the early 1970’s. A direct translation of the word Reiki is “universal life-force energy” meaning that Reiki energy is the healing energy of the universe. This energy is channelled by practitioners from the universe thorugh their hands. When channelled into a pet the energy balances the body allowing healing. 
 Animals respond well to Reiki as it is a gentle and relaxing experience for them. Some of the benefits of Reiki for pets include: 
 
 
 Pain relief 
 
 
 Accelerated healing 
 
 
 Stress relief and relaxation 
 
 
 Calms aggressive animals and relieves other behavioral issues 
 
 
 Eases side affects of chemotherapy or other treatments 
 
 
 There are books and distance courses available to learn more about Reiki and train as a certified Reiki practioner at  Animal Reiki Source . This site also has a directory of practitioners in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia. 
 Articles similaires 
 Coaching 
 Pet Sitters International State of Industry Survey Results 
 What about owning a pet business? 
 Owning a pet business does not guarantee you success, but it is generally not difficult to set up your own pet business adn many who own pet businesses love the hard working lifestyle and the closeness to pets. You will have to compete with those who may be better trained, may have lower cost structures and those who “pretend” to have your skills and experience when they do not. (eg not all those who advertise themselves as groomers are actually Groomers). 
 Essential skills for working with dogs 
 There are also key skills that all dog industry professionals should possess. Here are some of the most critical skills and abilities for those hoping to work with dogs professionally: Basic Dog Handling and Training Skills, ability to recognize behavioral signals. 
 Safety tips for working with animals 
 Animals can be somewhat unpredictable when they are under stress or in an unfamiliar environment, like when they visit the veterinary office or the grooming salon, so it is important to be attentive and stay aware of the animal you are handling at all times. 
 Dog show handlers 
 Dog show handlers are well versed in the arts of showmanship and presentation. These professionals travel the country as they seek championship honors for their client’s dogs. They are responsible for presenting their canine charges to their best benefit throughout the time of the competition. 
 K-9 police officers 
 K-9 police officers work closely with their dogs to enforce laws. With proportionately minor positions accessible in the field, an assignment to the canine unit is highly coveted amongst law enforcement professionals. A K-9 handler can use their dog to enforce public order while on patrol. 
 Breeder 
 Breeders select and breed animals according to characteristics and genealogy. The top earners make more than $75,000 a year. Those who work in states such as Ohio, South Dakota, and Kentucky earn the most. Animal breeders are required to have a minimum of a high school education. 
 Zoologist 
 Zoologists work with animals in the wild and controlled environments such as zoos. They provide data that shapes wildlife conservation and preservation policy, work with animals extensively and spend time crunching numbers. Starting salaries depend on schooling (bachelor's degrees earn around $45,460…). 
