Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Customer Service Administrator 
 Tilray 
 __Ste Agathe, MB 
 Apply Now 
 Bilingual Customer Service Administrator - Ste. Agathe, Manitoba (Manitoba Harvest) 
 Tilray Inc. (NASDAQ:  TLRY) is a global pioneer in the research, cultivation, production and distribution of cannabis currently serving patients and consumers in thirteen countries spanning five continents. Tilray operates state-of-the-art cannabis facilities in Canada and Portugal and teams in the U.S., Australia & New Zealand, Europe and Latin America. Tilray is pioneering the future of the industry globally by forging industry-disruptive partnerships and building a robust house of brands. 
 Manitoba Harvest, the world’s largest hemp foods company, offers a portfolio of hemp foods and CBD wellness products to consumers across North America. Our mission is to inspire a better way, a better life & a better world – and it’s up to us to sow these seeds of change. Our mission is to transform consumer health through the power of hemp foods. 
 If you have what it takes, you’ll be joining a worldwide network of innovative, passionate individuals on a revolutionary mission to pioneer the future of cannabis globally and establish Tilray as the world’s most trusted and valuable cannabis brand. 
 Summary: 
Manitoba Harvest has an opportunity for energetic and experienced Customer Service Administrator – BILINGUAL (English French) to join our Customer Care team. This position will be primarily based out of our Ste Agathe Hemp Oil Canada facility - an easy 15 minute drive south of the perimeter. 
**During current COVID restrictions, this position will be home based with only limited as needed time spent in the office 
 Responsibilities: 
Providing dedicated support to assigned customer accounts 
Keeping sales team informed of all activity pertaining to customer accounts 
Supporting the sales team through data entry and data validation 
Monitor order status, and advise other teams of sales order changes, unusual orders, or larger volume orders to ensure efficient processing 
Answering inbound phone calls, responding to consumer inquiries, or redirecting phone calls to other team members 
Daily Purchase Order processing/order entry. Orders may be received via email, fax, or Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) 
Assist Finance Department in researching account discrepancies, creating Return Material Authorizations (RMA’s) and investigating claims 
Liaise with other departments to streamline processes and provide necessary order data to support business decisions 
Work with third party warehouses to ensure smooth day to day operations 
Process, monitor, and close shipments via EDI 
Present ideas and recommendations to streamline processes and improve day to day operations based on customer interactions 
Other duties as assigned by the organization 
 Qualifications: 
Experience in Account Management or Customer Care Representative role 
Strong comprehension and use of English and French language - speak, read, and write both in English and French) 
Comfortable in communicating with client & consumers on the phone 
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook 
Ability to travel between the Winnipeg and Ste Agathe facilities when needed 
Ability to work from home during COVID office restrictions 
 Tilray/Manitoba Harvest welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray/Manitoba Harvest does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). Tilray/Manitoba Harvest does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
