      
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Republication 
 
 Home  › Posts tagged job application 
 Blog Archives 
 Discover your passion in life 
 Posted on  February 26, 2015  by  mytrabaho 
 MANY jobseekers want to find a job fast because they need the income. While they say looking for a job is difficult, it can be easy for as long as you are not choosy with the work you accept. But… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  job application ,  passion 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 When the going gets rough, the goal is near 
 Posted on  February 2, 2015  by  mytrabaho 
 I RESIGNED two years ago to go into business. However, I closed it because it was losing money. I want to go back to full time employment but am finding it hard to get back to the corporate world. How… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  employability ,  job application 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 How to succeed when your grades fail you 
 Posted on  January 12, 2015  by  mytrabaho 
 I have poor grades in my transcript of records. Most of my grades are below average, others are failing marks. Due to this, I hesitate applying for jobs since companies usually ask for a transcript of records. I’m afraid to… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  academic record ,  interview ,  job application ,  qualifications ,  self-assessment 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 How to catch the elusive dream job 
 Posted on  December 29, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 I am having difficulties in looking for a job though I have enough work experience. I worked for more that three years in a TV station as a researcher. I’ve been searching now for six months. Some companies called me… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  dream job ,  job application ,  job choices ,  job hunting 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Take charge of your own job hunting 
 Posted on  December 14, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 Sana mabigyan po ninyo ako ng work (I wish you can give me a job). – Frustrated jobseeker I often get messages similar to the above from jobseekers frustrated at not being able to get a job. Some are high… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  employability ,  job application ,  job choices ,  job specifications ,  qualifications 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 ‘How can I describe myself to interviewers?’ 
 Posted on  December 12, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 I graduated last April 4 with a degree of banking and finance. Could you please give me ideas on how to answer and pass an interview? Interviewers often ask me to describe myself. They also ask, ‘Why do you want… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  interview ,  job application ,  self-assessment 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Employment is redefined for jobseeker 
 Posted on  December 9, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 I’m a fresh graduate of AB Political Science here in Cebu. Before I proceed to Law School, I would like to have a job or work. But I don’t know where to work because most of the jobs available are… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  employability ,  job application ,  job choices 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 ‹ Older posts 
 Hi, I am MyT! Welcome to MyTrabaho! 
 Tags 
 academic record   attitude   creativity   dream job   employability   interview   job application   job choices   job hunting   job specifications   passion   qualifications   references   self-assessment   self-esteem 
 Search 
 MyTrabaho FB Page 
 
 MyTrabaho FB Page 
 
 Categories 
 
 Learning Zone  (19) 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 97 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Site Stats 
 
 122,931 hits 
 
 (C) 2021  
 ↑ 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
