Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pathology Assistant - Anatomical Pathology 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Pathology Assistant 
 File Number:  2020-18765 
 Status:  Temporary Full Time (until March 2022) 
 Department:  Anatomical Pathology, Lab 
 Site:  Credit Valley Hospital 
 Shifts:  Days and Evenings 
 Posted:  November 5, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 12, 2020 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Are you an experienced Pathologist Assistant and looking for new challenges and opportunities to expand your knowledge base? Do you want to work for a great team that offers support of their coworkers at a very competitive salary? Do you want to work in an environment that fosters flexibility? Would you like to work along 6 fellow pathologist assistants in a collaborative environment that is supported by 19 pathologists who work in a sub-specialization model and includes engagement? And lastly, would you like the opportunity to work with a wide variety of specimen types, but not have to travel to a downtown hospital? If this sounds like you, then bring your top talents and passion to this evolving role in which you will be able to join an outstanding healthcare team, generating amazing results of creating a new kind of healthcare for a healthier community at Trillium Health Partners. 
 Here’s what you will get to do…… 
 Work in an environment where innovation thrives and that promotes professional accountability and responsibility and high quality work 
Be an integral part of the pathology team and works closely with the Pathologists to provide a high standard of patient care 
Receive exposure to a vast array of specimen types. Trillium Health Partners has surgery programs in Neurosurgery, Gyne-Oncology, Thoracic and a large Breast Surgical Oncology program 
Opportunity to participate in the ongoing development of processes and procedures to ensure best practice for grossing of all specimens. 
Opportunity to work with MLT students, medical students and other learners 
Receive some of the best hands-on training in the industry, learning and working alongside dedicated and compassionate professionals 
Perform duties associated with preparation of surgical specimens for Pathologists including: gross description, dissection, dictation, photography and photography 
Provide strong subject expertise for medically delegated grossing procedures and technical services in anatomic Pathology 
Work flow analysis using LEAN principals and quality system management 
 Qualifications: 
Graduate of a recognized school of Medical Technology or completion of a recognized Pathology Assistants Training Program 
Minimum of 2 year recent experience as a Pathology Assistant dealing with complex oncology and surgical specimens is preferred 
Commitment to quality and patient safety through a team approach to laboratory work is essential 
Excellent interpersonal skills 
Candidates will be available for a variety of shifts 
 Position Site & Travel:  Your primary site will be Credit Valley Hospital however, on occasion, you will be required to rotate to the Mississauga Hospital Site.If this opportunity sounds like a fit for you, we would love to hear from you. Apply Today! 
 Internal candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act.We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
