Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Physiotherapist 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of care providers. Spark Lifecare is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 REGISTERED PHYSIOTHERAPIST 
 Our clients are looking for Physiotherapy services in-clinic, via telehealth, and in the safety and comfort of their homes. We are looking for Physiotherapists with interests in the fields of orthopedics, neurorehabilitation, pelvic health, pediatrics, geriatrics, and chronic pain. 
 We are excited to work with you because: 
You are an advocate for humanism in health care because you believe that listening is the key to strong history taking 
You have a passion for learning because education is an ongoing process to be able to keep up with what is best for our clients 
You have strong leadership skills to guide Rehabilitation Assistants and work collaboratively with individuals and families 
You have exemplary attention to detail and have strong written communication skills needed to prepare reports to support your client's recovery goals 
You appreciate a tech forward workplace because #efficiency! 
 HOURS 
Flexible scheduling options available; Client-dependent schedules 
 RATE OF PAY 
$70-80/hr 
 Requirements: 
Registration in good standing with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario (CPO) 
Professional Liability Insurance 
Valid Driver's License and access to a vehicle 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Strong interpersonal skills and proven ability to work independently as well as part of a multidisciplinary rehabilitation team 
Computer skills (i.e. MS Word, Outlook) 
Experience working within the MVA (motor vehicle accident) system is an asset 
Bilingualism is an asset 
Valid CPR First Aid Standard Level "C" 
 Why Spark? 
 Competitive compensation 
Strong administrative support 
Flexible caseload and schedule 
Access to mentorship and resources to support your practice 
Spark perks/reward programs (Annual raffle for big prizes and monthly giveaways!) 
 Therapy is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their wellbeing. 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark University, a non-profit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering care providers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. 
 Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed care providers. As a care provider with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark, you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Whatever your age, ability, orientation, ethnicity, race, culture, religion or gender identity - you are welcome. Our community is stronger and more vibrant when it is more diverse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
