  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 iPhone 
 
 IPhone Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance iPhone Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/iphone) 
 6 hours ago 
 Health App 
 Published: 6 hours ago  Bids: 3 
 The purpose of this project is to connect people with doctors from all over the country that specialize in whatever type of medicine and issue that they are seeking help for. I require that the app be able to run in both Android and Apple platforms and have a log in section both for the patients and the doctors. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : iPhone, Android, iPad 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  M. P. Last reply: 4 hours ago  United States 
 USD 250 - 500 
 19 hours ago 
 Webshop (e commerce) design 
 Published: 19 hours ago  Bids: 5 
 Just want to build and ordinary webshop with check out system that uses cards payment. 
I will need an international exchange rate embedded, this I should be able to change/manipulate. 
 I would wish to retain the commission in one account and the buying fee should be sent to merchants account. 
 A receipt of items purchased should be sent to either a phone number, email or both. 
 Regards 
Erick 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad, Other 
 App type  : e-Shop 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  E. Sweden 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Yesterday 
 Remote Mobile Developer 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Join the world’s largest virtual company! 
Work from anywhere – Flexible hours – Training & travel opportunities 
 Scopic is seeking a skilled Remote Mobile Developer to join our team of 250+ professionals in 40 countries. We are looking for a proactive programmer, who doesn’t shy away from complex problems and has experience both with hybrid and native technologies in mobile development. The right candidate will work with other advanced software engineers on multiple project teams to build industry-leading applications for our clients. 
 Develop Meaningful Applications for Clients Invested in Your Success 
All Scopic projects involve working with challenging, innovative applications. When you work with us, you will not just be maintaining old code or wasting time on applications that will never see the light of day. The applications Scopic develops are the cornerstone of our clients’ businesses. 
Clients and users will rely on you to write quality code and keep mission-critical applications running optimally. 
 Grow Your Skills and Your Career, Fast 
We offer training opportunities to keep your skills sharp and encourage you to stay up-to-date with ever-evolving technologies. As your skills grow, you will have opportunities to move up in the company. 
If you work hard and deliver quality results, you will do very well here. Pay raises and promotions are completely merit-based, so your success is in your hands. 
 Become a Valuable Part of a Small, Dynamic International Team 
Unlike huge tech corporations like Google and Microsoft, Scopic employees don’t get lost in bureaucracy or sidelined doing the same boring tasks day after day. 
Most projects last six months to one year, so our developers have the opportunity to try their skills on a diverse range of applications. Scopic programmers work independently and are entrusted with considerable responsibility. 
 Why Work With Scopic? 
•    Flexible working hours, set your own schedule 
•    Freedom to travel and work from anywhere in the world 
•    Ability to work wherever you are most comfortable (home, office, park, café, etc.) 
 •    Reliable, consistent workload 
•    Flexible payment options in $US – salaried and hourly positions available 
•    Annual pay increases for good performance 
•    Paid training and other professional growth opportunities 
•    International travel opportunities (not required) 
•    Interesting, challenging projects using the latest technologies 
Requirements: 
•    Bachelor’s degree or higher 
•    3+ years of experience in software development 
•    Experience in cross-platform React Native mobile development 
•    Experience in native mobile development (Java, Kotlin, Objective C, Swift) 
•    Experience in other cross-platform mobile technologies is a plus (Flutter, Xamarin, Ionic) 
•    Good knowledge of IOS and Android Operating Systems 
•    Knowledge in using mobile application development tools 
•    Knowledge in using mobile application debugging tools 
•    Experience in software architecture design is a plus 
•    Good English reading, writing and speaking skills 
Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience. Hourly and salary positions available. Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer. 
 This is a full-time, home-based position. 
 Please apply online:   https://scopicsoftware.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0u3eh?source=Workana 
 About Scopic 
Scopic is the world’s largest virtual company. Founded in 2006, we have grown consistently by delivering innovative, cutting-edge software products for our clients and creating an empowering environment for our employees. 
 We build advanced software for clients and users around the globe. 
With 10+ years in the industry and 1000+ projects under our belt, we’ve developed software for Manufacturing, Media and Entertainment, Fintech, Healthcare, Food and Fitness, and Gaming. Check out our development work on our portfolio:  scopicsoftware.com/portfolio/. 
 Scopic is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Learn more about career opportunities at Scopic:  scopicsoftware.com/careers. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad, Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 Published by:  S. R. T. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 Desarrollo de app para Ios, Android, Mac, Windows y Linux 
 Published: Yesterday  Deadline: 35 Bids: 9 
 Necesito una app de mensajería instantanea tipo whatsapp o telegram que pueda ser multiplataforma. 
 Tengo algunos archivos para revisón que son opersource. 
 Envía un mensaje para más información. 
 ================ 
 I need a messenger app like whatsapp or telegram, that can run in multiple platforms. 
 I have some files that are opensource that need to be checked. 
 Send a message for more information. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Social media 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  M. S. Last reply: 2 hours ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Blockchain document signature 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 1 
 I have an application that needs to be signed through blockchain. It works by events by multiple users uploading a list of documents up to the infinite as an example below. 
... 
#5 - Document A - User 4 
#4 - Document B,C - User 3 
#3 - Document Z - User 2 
#2 - Document X - User 1 - 
#1 - Document J - User 1 - 10:00 am PCT 
 The main goal is to guarantee the origin of the signature, with proof of authorship. In other words, to guarantee that User 1 is User 1 and what he did and when, and it can't be undone. This sequence of events it's running, but without blockchain, just with a digital signature. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  E. K. Last reply: 5 hours ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 days ago 
 Mobile Software Developer, Senior 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 6 
 Required General Qualifications: 
•Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent experience. 
•5-6+ years hands-on software development experience designing, writing, debugging and testing object-oriented code, of which: 
•3+ years working on e-Commerce applications and on high volume transactional systems. 
•Financial/banking sector experience is an advantage. 
 •An advanced understanding of computer programming algorithms and object-oriented design principles. 
•A solid understanding of software development patterns and their application in several programming languages. 
•An advanced understanding of coding techniques which contribute to the reliability, maintainability, readability, simplicity, performance, and testability of software. 
Demonstrated experience improving the development quality of an individual developer or a team. 
•A solid understanding of IT environments including networking, server technologies, databases, security and performance. 
•Any mobile software development certification in iOS or Android development. 
 •Experienced in the day-to-day practicalities of Software Development Lifecycles such as Scrum (preferred), Waterfall or the Rational Unified Process. 
•Proficient with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio) 
•Tertiary qualification in Information Technology or Computer Sciences. 
•Advanced English 85% B2. 
 For iOS developer: 
•5+ years hands-on software development experience writing iPhone downloadable mobile applications. 
•5+ years hands-on iOS software development experience using iOS SDK, XCode, Objective C. 
•Desired technical skills and tools experience on: Apache Cordova, PhoneGap, Swift, Rxswift, git, tfs, jira. 
 For Android developer: 
•5+ years hands-on software development experience writing Android downloadable mobile applications. 
• 5+ years hands-on Android software development experience using Android SDK, Android Studio, Java, RXJava. 
•Desired technical skills and tools experience on: Apache Cordova, PhoneGap, Kotlin, git, tfs, jira. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad 
 Published by:  S. F. Mexico 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 days ago 
 Trucker apps 
 Published: 2 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 10 
 Truck driver scan barcode at customer place to get order details and start live location tracking until complete job. 
Driver forum or chatting module . 
Use google maps. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Uber 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  R. Malaysia 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
