TheHRprofessionalNG 
 
   
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Getting It Right: Learning and Development  November 15, 2014 
 3 Categories Of Employees You Shouldn't Have on Payroll  November 1, 2014 
 How The Star Fish Got Its Star: Delegation  October 10, 2014 
 All Work and No Play (2): Think Win-Win  September 27, 2014 
 All Work and No Play (1): The Balance That Works  September 20, 2014 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013   My Tweets 
 Tag Archives for Job sharing; Teleworking; Flexi-time; Shift working; Part-Time Working 
 Flexible Working: A Possible Alternative 
 
 photo: courtesy of blog.halogensoftware.com 
 The concept of flexible working was borne out of the need to meet the demands of certain jobs/production schedules. 
 In recent times, its application has been expanded to cover such things as solving the challenges brought about by unemployment as well as to give options to those who are unable to meet the demands of the conventional working hours. In addition, the need to drive and support work-life balance/family friendly policies has also played a role in the popularity of the phenomenon. 
 Flexible working refers to working arrangements which allow employees to vary the days, hours or place in which work is to be performed. A variety of arrangements are available to employees whose  job functions support such options . Shift working, part-time working, Job sharing, teleworking ***** and flexi-time ***** are a few examples. 
 My interest in flexible working arrangements (FWA) lie in its ability to provide an alternative for addressing the increasing levels of unemployment in the country. The 'job sharing' for instance, provides an avenue to employ multiple employees for a single job position. By breaking a job into distinct components/units, more opportunities are created for employment. 
 It is worth noting that this practice may be applied across a wide spectrum of industries. The financial services, oil and gas, manufacturing and public sector would find this approach quite useful. In addition to the above, occupational hazards arising from poorly managed work pressures, work overload and working long hours would be greatly minimized. 
 I understand that the feasibility of this idea may be debatable considering the extra training costs that may be borne by employers. Surely, my argument relies on the premise that the educational system would be relied upon to produce employable graduates. Their ability to adequately equip students with skills that are both relevant and practically applicable to the tasks on the job would greatly determine how achievable this proposition will be. 
 Another deterrent pertains to the possibility of a pay reduction (often associated with job sharing arrangements). The average employee would rather work longer than earn less working shorter hours. On the other hand, most employers would rather have a single employee earning a fixed sum (say 'x') than have 2 or 3 employees who share a single job demand 'x' each. 
 Correspondingly, the challenges attached to synchronizing the work done by different employees might prove daunting. This may just as easily be managed by specifying a particular day of the week when employees sharing the same job are expected to converge in order to share information, brainstorm, solve issues arising and possibly, tie together the loose ends that may have resulted from the division. 
 In my opinion, the culture of a people has a lot to do with how easily they will be willing to accept the concept of flexible working. In a country where part-time, shift-working or any other form outside of the regular contract is largely associated with lower status jobs. Where most forms of flexible working exclude employees from being eligible for certain benefits or health packages in my opinion will greatly discourage those who may desire/require such considerations. 
 It is worth noting that flexible working arrangements obtain in several economies: Germany, United Kingdom and New Zealand are a few. Consequently, I believe that any effort aimed at its wide application may prove inconsequential except relevant legislative backing is gained. 
 Implication for HR 
Several job types stand to benefit from the concept of flexible working. Likewise, certain categories of staff will also find its adoption very relieving. The actively unemployed, the expecting mothers, single parents, employees living with some forms of disability, employees enrolled in one form of education or another will surely appreciate such reforms. 
 The essence of any HR department is to maximize the potential of its human capital. A big part of this entails fitting individuals rightly to jobs while ensuring they have the necessary tools to perform their tasks. It also involves eliminating to the barest minimum factors that would hinder optimum performance while taking into consideration, special needs of employees. In essence, flexible working (which involves scheduling work to suit employee preferences) is yet another method of getting the best from employees who alternatively wouldn't have been productive working more conventional hours. 
 
 
 In support of this initiative, HR will be required to re-design jobs such that they possess independent, yet interlocking components. The preceding serves to eliminate duplicity of functions and at the same time support the accommodation of multiple employees on a single job. 
 
 
 Developing capabilities in-house to allow for the training of staff on a wide variety of subjects, skills and attitudes will also prove useful in managing training costs. 
 
 
 Lastly, the challenges/complexities associated with an increased staff strength will also demand that the HR function is adequately equipped and organized to handle such issues as on-boarding and employee integration, diversity and fairness, motivation and reward etc… 
 
 
 …Feel free to share your thoughts on the subject. 
 *Description of Terms 
 
 Teleworking  : working from home or other locations outside the workplace 
 Flexi-time  : the option of a 9am to 6pm work schedule instead of an 8am to 5pm or 7am to 4pm schedule 
 
 November 23, 2013  by  The HR professional(NG)  | Tags:  Flexible working; FWA and Unemployment ,  HR Nigeria ,  Job sharing; Teleworking; Flexi-time; Shift working; Part-Time Working ,  thehrprofessionalng  |   5 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 damola on  3 Categories Of Employees You… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The HR professional(…  on  How The Star Fish Got Its Star… 
 
 
 
 The HR professional(…  on  How The Star Fish Got Its Star… 
 
 
 D on  How The Star Fish Got Its Star… 
 
 
 
 
 Ms. Ebony  on  How The Star Fish Got Its Star… 
 
 
 
 The HR professional(…  on  All Work and No Play (1): The… 
 
 
 
 The HR professional(…  on  All Work and No Play (1): The… 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 Aligning Policies with Organizational Culture   All Work and No Play   Brand consciousness   Brand outlook   Brand perception/Public image enhancers   Brand perception enhancers   candidate-centered R & S strategy   Candidate-centred R&S   Candidate experience   Conflict Resolution Tips   Cultural Differences and Respect for Personal Space   Customer Service and the HR Function   Customer Service Delivery and Employee Engagement   Delegation   Disengaged Employee   Diversity at Work   Doing it Right the First Time   Employee Effectiveness   Employee Effectiveness series   Employee Engagement   Employee Engagement and Policy Issues   Employee Inclusion   Employee Integration: Onboarding;   Employee Integration: Onboarding; Employee Engagement; Candidates' Experience; Brand consciousness; HR Nigeria; thehrprofessionalng   employee ownership   Employee Productivity   Employees as Brand Ambassadors   Engaging Through Inclusion   Ethical Dilemma   Ethics and the HR function; thehrprofessionalng; R&S; Recruitment and Selection   Ethics at Work   First Name Basis Policy   Flexible working; FWA and Unemployment   Harassment Files: The Thin Line   Helping Employees stay Fit; Work Smart. Smart Organizations Value Employee Fitness   HR   HR Nigeria   HR professional over HR personnel   Human Resources   Interviewing   Interview tips   Job sharing; Teleworking; Flexi-time; Shift working; Part-Time Working   Leveraging on a Healthy Work Environment to Attain Corporate Goals   Making the most of a team   Managing a team you didnt choose   managing Conflicts at Work   Optimum Performance and Good Work Relationships   Personal branding   Personal Branding: Tips to Get You Started   PHysical Contact at Work: What is Acceptable?   Proper Staffing of the HR department   R&S   Reality TV & HR   recruitment & selection   Resume writing tip   Single Sex Organizations and Productivity   Square pegs and round holes   Standing out Positively at Work   Steps to Engage Employees   strategic HR   Strategic nature of HR   Succession Planning   Team Bonding   team working   The Detached Employee   thehrprofessionalng   The Right Balance   Think Win-Win   Unfair Dismissal   Using Employee Engagement as a Tool to Encourage Optimum Performance   What's In a Name? You'd be Surprised   Winning at work in the Face of Conflict   Workplace Bullying   work Place Relationship Dynamics   Work Preferences and Impact on Performance 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
