Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Grower 
 Tilray 
 __Petrolia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Grower  - Petrolia, Ontario 
 High Park Company  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers.__ 
__ 
__ 
__  About High Park Company _ _ 
 High Park Company   was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands.  _ 
__ 
__ 
__  About Tilray  _ 
 Tilray  is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
__ 
__ 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry?  _ 
__ 
__ 
 Reporting to the Head Grower, the Grower will be responsible for overseeing the crop, and the production team according to direction from the head grower. 
__ 
__ 
_  Role and Responsibilities: 
_ 
 
 Make sure Irrigation and climate strategies are at optimum setting on all times and confirm that they are working appropriately by doing continuous crop monitoring. 
 Make decisions with Production Manager and Head grower on culling of plants where found necessary for the wellbeing of the crop. 
 Ensure water, plant and media sampling is done periodically and whenever deemed necessary appropriately to enhance quality and yield. 
 Be on call for climate computer Priva Alarms to mitigate problems that require immediate attention. 
 Ensure proper cultural practices are completed for each crop batch to achieve optimum yield and quality. 
 Make periodic checks on greenhouse components to confirm growing strategy settings are physically executed and are working properly. Where its found necessary, make sure appropriate work order instructions are submitted for services and maintenance. 
 Make sure greenhouse climate settings are maintained on climate computer for optimizing quality and yield as per the strategies formulated by Head Grower. 
 Complete all documentations to meet the company GMP standards requirement. 
 Ensure fertilizer mixes are done when necessary and the fertigation system is dozing as per the strategies programmed. 
 Make sure application of pesticides is conducted as per the weekly IPM schedule and that the appropriate settings and procedures are followed during the application process. 
 Provide crop status update reports and make sure the irrigation monitoring datafiles are always up to date. 
 Any other duties deemed essential as requested by the head grower or Operations manager. 
 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements:  _ 
_ 
 
 Must have completed a Horticulture Certificate or Diploma. 
 Must have a minimum of 2 years horticultural growing experience in a greenhouse setting (Cannabis or other plants). 
 Must have a certified Farmer course completed for use and application of Pesticides or willing to acquire one. 
 Proven ability to effectively use Microsoft Office Applications. 
 Very good knowledge of PRIVA climate computer. 
 Must have excellent communication skills to receive and convey instructions and the ability to work in a fast-paced hot and humid greenhouse environment. 
 Highly capable of multi-tasking with minimum supervision. 
 Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. 
 Must have the ability to obtain A/RPIC status as per Health Canada Access to Cannabis for Medical Purpose regulation. 
 
 High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace._ 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
_ 
 Location: 4376 Lasalle Line 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
