Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Equity Analyst 
 Mawer Investment Management Ltd 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Equity Analyst – Graduate 
 Full Time, Permanent 
 Location: Calgary, AB 
 Be Boring. Make Money.™  is our investment approach, but we are anything but dull. We are a diverse team of professionals—all with a shared goal: to be the best. 
 We celebrate our unique and independent culture. We take pride in doing things a little differently than other investment firms. Our pursuit of excellence means that a career with Mawer is demanding, however, interesting challenges are plentiful, and innovative ideas, diverse opinions, and teamwork are expected and rewarded regardless of title or tenure. 
 The Opportunity 
 We are currently seeking an exceptional colleague to join our investment research team. We look for self-motivated individuals willing and able to enhance our research process, strengthen our culture, and help build Mawer into one of the best global investment management firms. 
 Primary Responsibilities 
 
 Generating investment ideas within a collaborative team 
 Performing in-depth due diligence on companies across multiple industries as a generalist investor 
 Gathering and analyzing information across different sources and timeframes 
 Building discounted cash flow models and evaluating what a business could be worth under different scenarios 
 Examining multiple-order risks at the company and portfolio level 
 
 Application requirements 
 
 Bachelor’s or master's degree in any discipline 
 Strong interest in and demonstrated understanding of the investment analysis of companies 
 Strong work ethic, demonstrated track record of excellence, and ability to achieve results 
 Proficiency in multiple languages is an asset 
 CFA qualification or a willingness to enroll in the program 
 
 Location 
 This opportunity is located at our Calgary office. Calgary is a beautiful, culturally diverse city with thriving art, music, and culinary scenes and family-friendly settings. Its convenient location—right in the foothills of the breathtaking Alberta Rocky Mountains—means a plethora of opportunities for an active, outdoors lifestyle are easily accessible. Many of our colleagues pursue activities such as skiing, mountain biking, hiking, rock-climbing, and marathons. 
 Why Mawer? 
 
 Directly contribute to the firm’s growth as a global investment manager 
 Learn and work alongside high-performing individuals, within a team that has consistently delivered exceptional long-term investment results 
 Be a part of a meritocracy in which the quality of ideas supersedes hierarchy 
 The potential for equity ownership over time based on the firm’s selection criteria 
 Our strong culture that emphasizes candour, intellectual curiosity, continuous learning, excellence and teamwork 
 Career development opportunities 
 Comprehensive benefits package 
 
 If this sounds of great interest to you, please apply now. Applicants should provide  one  PDF including a résumé  (no cover letters please)  , most recent university transcripts, and a response to each of the following questions (maximum one page): 
 1. How and why did you determine that you had a passion for investing? What have you done about it since then? 
 2. In what area(s) of your life have you demonstrated a track record of excellence, outside of academics? Please provide examples of you demonstrating tenacity to achieve these goals. 
 Application Instructions 
 Please apply directly through the Careers page of our website by clicking Investment Research Roles under Current Opportunities by December 13, 2020 
 Only applications that include all required materials will be considered. 
 About Mawer 
 Established in 1974, Mawer Investment Management Ltd. is an independent firm that provides investment management services across all major asset classes to a broad range of institutional and individual clients. We are proud of our reputation as one of Canada’s most respected investment management firms, and strive to continually deliver long-term investment excellence, build strong client partnerships, and live our core values. Mawer currently manages approximately $55 billion (USD) in assets and employs over 200 people in Calgary, Toronto, the U.S., and Singapore. 
 **  No telephone inquiries please. ** 
 **  We thank all applicants and advise that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. ** 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-13 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $43,341.00-$102,228.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
