Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Pharmacy Technician- CPAK Central Pharmacy Services 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1685 Tech Ave, Mississauga, Ontario, L4W 0A7 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 Registered Pharmacy Technician, Compliance Pack Shared Service 
 Location:  Mississauga, ON 
 CPAK is a division of Shoppers that prepares the medication packs that are distributed at the stores to patients. This centralized production of these packs enables the pharmacist and team at Shoppers Drug Mart locations to spend their time focusing on what is important – the patient! Working with the team, you will be responsible to ensure that the prepared CPAKs are accurate and prepared in a timely manner. We pride ourselves in having awesome team spirit! 
 We have a great benefits package, Shoppers Drug Mart discount, Goodlife gym discount, RRSP/Pension plans and Employee share ownership plan! 
 Shoppers Drug Mart was acquired by Loblaw in 2014, the largest employer in Canada – making your career opportunities within our larger organization - endless! 
 We are a leader in retail and pharmacy. Well-known and convenient, with an extensive store network servicing the needs of Canadians. We are a Canadian success story of 50 years, created by recognizing needs, building relationships and focusing on doing what’s needed for our patients and customers. And right now, that means providing more ways to care through our pharmacy services. 
 Our Pharmacy team at our Central office is drives the strategy and service planning for our store pharmacies, to ensure our patients get the best and most innovative services to help them with their healthcare needs. 
 We help ensure Shoppers remains a leader in retail pharmacy, innovating new product and service offerings on a national and provincial stage, setting strategy, taking smart risks and responsibility for our recommendations, and getting things done. 
 Shoppers Drug Mart is one of the most recognized and trusted names in Canadian retailing, with over 1,200 Shoppers Drug Mart and Pharmaprix stores in each province and three territories. We are one of the most convenient retailers in Canada, proudly serving Canadians who believe being healthy means looking and feeling good. 
 Loblaw Companies Limited is Canada’s food and pharmacy leader, the nation’s largest retailer, and the majority unit holder of Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust. Loblaw – and its portfolio of grocery, health and beauty, financial services and apparel businesses – provides Canadians with an unparalleled mix of value, assortment and convenience, and offers Canadians two of the country’s most recognized brands – President’s Choice and no name. 
 The acquisition of Shoppers Drug Mart, along with the powerful Life Brand and Optimum brand, has only served to reinforce our leadership position in the marketplace. As well, our PC Plus program, omni-channel efforts, and multicultural merchandising offerings continued to be points of differentiation for our customer experience. 
 We are hiring a Registered Pharmacy Technician, Compliance Pack Shared Service. 
 Reporting directly to the Pharmacy Manager, CPAK, you will be responsible to ensure that the prepared CPAKs are accurate and prepared in a timely manner. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Conduct product verification on all CPAKs prepared to ensure accuracy and completeness of all prescription orders prior to delivery 
 Verify CPAK using pharmacy system (DELTA, HWNG) 
 CPAK Production 
 Prepare and package medications 
 Ensure the number of pills in each package is correct 
 Count each package quickly and accurately 
 Prepare CPAKs for delivery 
 Operation of Machinery 
 Operate and maintain the Synmed® Automated Dispensing equipment used to generate and produce weekly compliance packs for SDM stores 
 Ensure that the Synmed® machines have the correct and necessary supply of medication within the dispensing unit to prepare the compliance packs 
 Clean and maintain the Synmed® equipment when necessary to ensure optimal preformance 
 Inventory Management 
 Ensure proper stock levels 
 Ensure proper storage, handling, disposal of drugs and return to stock procedure in accordance with SOPs 
 Inventory control and management using MMS 
 Receiving orders in a timely manner 
 What You 'll Need: 
A minimum of 1 year of continuous work experience as a Reigstered Pharmacy Technician in a pharmacy environment (Long Term Care, Hospital or Retail) 
 Experience with high volume filling environments an asset 
 Effective written and verbal communication skills 
 Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills 
 Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills 
 Attention to detail 
 Team player and leadership skills 
 Must be able to complete work with minimum supervision 
 Why now? 
 We are currently focusing on our teams at Central office, to provide the best support to our Stores and their teams, and ensure our customers and patients are best served by visiting Shoppers. 
 For the Pharmacy team, that means continuing to review, understand and respond to industry and customer changes, by developing new initiatives and new services valued by customers and stakeholders. And we continue to ensure traditional services continue to be valuable offerings, provided efficiently and effectively to everyone’s benefit. 
 And on top of that, every year, Shoppers Drug Mart employees at Central office, and in the stores of our Associate Owners, contribute more time, money and effort to great charitable causes across Canada. 
 Why Shoppers? 
 At Shoppers Drug Mart, we have always remained true to our belief that the root of our success lies with our people. We pride ourselves on providing more ways to care about our patients, customers and community. 
 We offer unique work, and the benefits you would expect from a large corporation, all with a smaller company feel, as well as: 
 A high energy and varied workplace that strives for and rewards excellence. 
 Competitive pay structures, rewarding strong and consistent performance 
 A highly customizable benefits plan, including a vacation purchase option 
 Peer recognition programs 
 Employee discounts on in-store purchases 
 Opportunities for skill development and advancement in your work 
 Learning and development through our SDM University 
 Strong culture of charitable and community involvement 
 Unique chance to work with an organization that is committed to improving the health and well being of Canadians 
 Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
