  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Images for social networks jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Social Media Manager, Virtual Assistant 
 Published on the January 13, 2021 in Design & Multimedia 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 design-multimedia / images-for-social-networks 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Company Background: Athena CPAs and Advisors LLC is an accounting firm that provides consulting auditing services, with 3 years of experience. We service small and medium-size companies with attestation services, which include financial statement reviews and audits. We are in the search of a reliable, flexible, organized, and detailed-oriented Audit Associate to support us in growing the business and that wants to grow with us, to elevate the user experience for our customers. 
 You will be responsible: 
•    Working closely with the founder on multiple supporting / assisting activities. 
•    Social Media management (scheduling/photo editing/hashtag research and more). 
•    Data collection and data entry tasks. 
 •    Web and market research. 
•    Finding Emails/Contact details from Websites. Email list building. 
 LinkedIn search. Lead generation. 
•    Basic graphic design and photo editing activities. 
 •    Formatting documentation and presentations. Proofreading. 
•    Production of reports. 
 •    Scraping and Extracting data from the Websites. 
•    Addressing of reviews, feedback and defects or enhancements raised against the deliverables. 
•    Attending agile ceremonies to check on progress and agree next steps.. 
 Your essential skills and experience: 
•    Excellent communication skills, detailed-oriented, and fast learner. 
•    Positive attitude and demonstrate a willingness to learn 
•    Work constructively with the manager, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
•    Contribute ideas/opinions to the assurance teams and listen/respond to other assurance team members' views 
•    Demonstrate professionalism and competence in the audit client's environment 
•    Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English 
•    Excellent MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
•    Video conferencing tools (Zoom, Google Meet). 
•    Ability to work in a lean-agile development environment. 
 Desired Skills 
•    Transcription and production of training material (if you don’t have experience on this, we can train you to augment your skill set). 
•    Experience working for the education sector. 
•    Experienced with Canva, Zoho. 
 •    Experienced with Trello / Confluence and Slack. 
•    Fluent Spanish is a plus 
 Additional Information: 
•    The initial phase of work should take up to 20 hours (spread over 4 weeks). 
•    Ongoing potential development work, beyond this first assignment, will last several months. 
 There is plenty of work to do - we look to establish a nourishing relationship with longevity where you feel valued and there is mutual trust; our intention is not to just have a “one gig” type of work. 
•    Work will be carried out remotely. You should be available to chat on progress and answer any questions Mondays and/or Wednesdays and/or Fridays from 10 am to 2 pm est (these are the core hours). 
 •    It is your responsibility to ensure that you have a highly reliable and rapid internet connection as well as a machine to ensure you are reachable on core hours, that you can take video calls, and in essence to ensure that you can collaborate and work as part of the team. 
 Our values and your personality – We take this part very seriously, so you should not apply if the below does not resonate with you: 
•    Quality: We provide unsurpassed service that, together, deliver premium value to our customers. 
•    Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all our actions. 
•    Teamwork: We work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers, and to help our Company win. 
 •    Respect for People: We value our people, encourage their development, and reward their performance. 
•    A Will to Win: We exhibit a strong will to win in the marketplace and every aspect of our business. 
•    Personal Accountability: We are personally accountable for delivering on our commitments. 
 •    Trust, Sincerity & Respect: best relationships are based on mutual trust and respect. We are feedback seekers and givers as this unleash the utmost quality to our customers. 
•    Relentless Humility: We do not like drama. 
 We believe in Good Karma. 
 If you are looking to work in a large corporation and your sole motivator is short-term financial compensation or if working in a place with an unhealthy and toxic culture is something you do not mind, you should not apply. If all this sounds like the place you would like to join, you should apply! 
 Project overview 
 You will be responsible: • Working closely with the founder on multiple supporting / assisting activities. • Social Media management (scheduling/photo editing/hashtag research and more). • Data collection and data entry tasks. • Web and market research. • Finding Emails/Contact details from Websites. Email list building. LinkedIn search. Lead generation. • Basic graphic design and photo editing activities. • Formatting documentation and presentations. Proofreading. • Production of reports. • Scraping and Extracting data from the Websites. • Addressing of reviews, feedback and defects or enhancements raised against the deliverables. • Attending agile ceremonies to check on progress and agree next steps. 
 Category  Design & Multimedia 
Subcategory  Images for social networks 
What do you need?  Find free-to-use images 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Facebook   Corporate Brand Identity   Graphic Design   Adobe Illustrator   Adobe Photoshop   Advertising on Google,...   Facebook Ads   Instagram 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  L. Z.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: December 2020 
 Project activity 
 1 
 Bids 
 2 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
