Toggle navigation 
   
 
 Pet Sitting Business Tips
 
 Pet Business Marketing 
 
 
 Pet Sitting Excellence 
 Pet Emergency Planning
 
 Pet Health 
 Pet Products 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 How to Become a Dog Trainer without Quitting Your Day Job 
 Are you interested starting your own pet business as a professional dog trainer? Wondering how you can get the training you need without giving up your day job income? Today I found an interesting topic on the Off Lead Discussion board that gave reviews about the at home study / instructor mentored program offered by the Animal Behavior College (ABC). Their program combines an at home study course and exam work combined with hands on instruction and mentoring by an ABC trainer in your area. The course is designed to be completed in a 52 week (1 year) time period and costs significantly less than other available dog trainer certification courses. Their fees vary from $2700-$3500 depending on your choice of payment and financing options. 
 Their coursework includes the following modules: 
 Dog learning theory, training tools, basics of teaching obedience, problem solving, safety, public speaking and teaching, and business building. ABC will help you find a local mentor that will allow to gain experience by observing training sessions and work with dogs on skills that have been learned during coursework under their supervision. This portion can last between 7-21 depending on the regularity of training sessions. ABC also have a relationship with PETCO stores to provide trainers for their in-store classes and will give you assistance finding work after graduation from their class. 
 This course receives some great recommendations on the discussion board and also lists many success stories on their own website. As a full time worker myself I see the huge benefits that being able to gain dog trainer certification on a part time basis from home offers. Dog training can be a full or part time profession and is a business that can be started with very minimal start up costs. All you need is the training tools and some money for marketing. Dog training experience is also a great skill for pet sitters, groomers, and day care owners as they can offer training as an add on to their existing service. I may even consider looking into this myself! Please share your experience with the ABC course or other experiences as a dog trainer by leaving a comment… 
 Articles similaires 
 Pet Care Realities - Know the Good and the Bad 
 Wishbones for Pets - Pet Sitter Annual Community Event 
 What about owning a pet business? 
 Owning a pet business does not guarantee you success, but it is generally not difficult to set up your own pet business adn many who own pet businesses love the hard working lifestyle and the closeness to pets. You will have to compete with those who may be better trained, may have lower cost structures and those who “pretend” to have your skills and experience when they do not. (eg not all those who advertise themselves as groomers are actually Groomers). 
 Essential skills for working with dogs 
 There are also key skills that all dog industry professionals should possess. Here are some of the most critical skills and abilities for those hoping to work with dogs professionally: Basic Dog Handling and Training Skills, ability to recognize behavioral signals. 
 Safety tips for working with animals 
 Animals can be somewhat unpredictable when they are under stress or in an unfamiliar environment, like when they visit the veterinary office or the grooming salon, so it is important to be attentive and stay aware of the animal you are handling at all times. 
 Dog show handlers 
 Dog show handlers are well versed in the arts of showmanship and presentation. These professionals travel the country as they seek championship honors for their client’s dogs. They are responsible for presenting their canine charges to their best benefit throughout the time of the competition. 
 K-9 police officers 
 K-9 police officers work closely with their dogs to enforce laws. With proportionately minor positions accessible in the field, an assignment to the canine unit is highly coveted amongst law enforcement professionals. A K-9 handler can use their dog to enforce public order while on patrol. 
 Breeder 
 Breeders select and breed animals according to characteristics and genealogy. The top earners make more than $75,000 a year. Those who work in states such as Ohio, South Dakota, and Kentucky earn the most. Animal breeders are required to have a minimum of a high school education. 
 Zoologist 
 Zoologists work with animals in the wild and controlled environments such as zoos. They provide data that shapes wildlife conservation and preservation policy, work with animals extensively and spend time crunching numbers. Starting salaries depend on schooling (bachelor's degrees earn around $45,460…). 
