Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RESEARCH COORDINATOR (I) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule 35 hours per week, Monday - Friday, 8:30 am - 4:30 pm 
Education Level Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study 
Career Level Requires 4 years of relevant experience 
Hourly Rate Pay Grade 8 
 Job Description 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 About the Faculty: 
McMaster University's Faculty of Health Sciences trains physicians, nurses, physiotherapists, occupational therapists, health care researchers, physician assistants and midwives to work together in teams, providing the finest patient care. Our pioneering education advances and our excellence in world-class research has consistently placed McMaster among the top 50 universities in the world for health and medicine. 
 About the Department: 
The McMaster University Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology is a large multi-site department with over 100 Geographic full-time, part-time clinical and adjunct faculty located at two fully-affiliated teaching hospitals, community teaching hospitals and other distributed education sites. We are committed to providing excellent educational programs, leading edge basic science and health-care research and the highest quality in patient care. Our mission is education, research and effective care for women. 
 About the Role: 
The Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology is looking for Research Coordinator to join the McMaster Midwifery Research Centre (MMRC) team. The MMRC focuses on clinical and educational topics in the field of maternal child health and midwifery. Specifically, the Centre’s research areas of focus include: Health Services & Access to Care, Health Outcomes, and Midwifery Education, with a cross cutting theme of global health. The 
 MMRC is a growing and highly productive team that provides a welcoming and supportive environment to staff and trainees. In this position you will report directly to the Assistant Dean, Dr. Liz Darling. You will be responsible for working independently and lead specific research projects. 
 Job Summary: 
Responsible for implementing, monitoring, refining, analyzing, coordinating, and reporting on several research projects. Acts as a resource for the development of protocols, study documents, operations of study management, and management techniques. 
 Accountabilities: 
Apply specialized knowledge and scientific principles to review, critically appraise and interpret published literature. Write sections of scientific papers, funding proposals, and abstracts. 
Coordinate the activities of research staff and resources to ensure that the project progresses in accordance with predetermined timelines. 
Develop estimates of time and resources for research projects. 
Oversee the collection, entry, verification, management, analysis, and reporting of data. Use statistical software to analyze data and interpret results. 
Design and maintain databases, data collection forms, error checking methods and related programs for efficient collection, analysis, and reporting. 
Troubleshoot moderately complex computer problems. 
Write data management and operations documentation for projects. Liaise between the project centre and remote project sites and personnel. Conduct structured project participant interviews. 
Ensure that the relevant research methodology is applied and all research material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies, and procedures. 
Participate in the development of promotional strategies and related materials to encourage participation and support for research projects. 
Consult on protocol development, student organization, and data management activities. 
Develop presentations and present information and training sessions to project personnel and project participants. Present at meetings, seminars, and conferences. 
Keep project participants informed of project progress through regular reports and newsletters. 
Implement and maintain research project budgets. Create financial projections and make adjustments to research project budgets throughout the fiscal year. 
Exercise appropriate controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. Conduct literature searches. 
 Qualifications: 
 Education:  Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field of study 
 Experience:  Requires 4 years of relevant experience 
 Assets: 
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal, management, and organizational skills 
Flexible and creative 
Good understanding of quantitative research methods, particularly cohort studies 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
Minimum 2 years of experience in a research setting 
Ability to work independently and lead research projects as required 
Ability to organize multiple projects simultaneously 
Understanding and experience working with underserved or marginalized populations 
Experience providing anti-oppression based trainings 
Receptive to incorporation of methodologically innovative practices into the research process; comfortable using technology. 
Proficiency in computer software including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and statistical software such as SAS or SPSS. 
Proficiency using online health databases, such as RevMan, REDCap, EppiReviewer, and Mendeley. 
Background in midwifery or health sciences and epidemiology/statistics would be useful but is not required. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
