      
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Republication 
 
 Home  › Posts tagged job choices 
 Blog Archives 
 When you follow your passion, money will follow you 
 Posted on  March 13, 2015  by  mytrabaho 
 I am now discovering and pursuing my passion. But things are not that easy for me and like what you have written, there are obstacles in claiming your passion. I am a church minister by profession but I am on… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  job choices ,  passion 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Career success can always be regained 
 Posted on  February 6, 2015  by  mytrabaho 
 I worked as physical therapist after graduation until age 30. After working in the US for six years, I went back to the Philippines, hoping that I can start my own business. But I gave birth and am raising a… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  job choices 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 How to catch the elusive dream job 
 Posted on  December 29, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 I am having difficulties in looking for a job though I have enough work experience. I worked for more that three years in a TV station as a researcher. I’ve been searching now for six months. Some companies called me… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  dream job ,  job application ,  job choices ,  job hunting 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Take charge of your own job hunting 
 Posted on  December 14, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 Sana mabigyan po ninyo ako ng work (I wish you can give me a job). – Frustrated jobseeker I often get messages similar to the above from jobseekers frustrated at not being able to get a job. Some are high… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  employability ,  job application ,  job choices ,  job specifications ,  qualifications 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Employment is redefined for jobseeker 
 Posted on  December 9, 2014  by  mytrabaho 
 I’m a fresh graduate of AB Political Science here in Cebu. Before I proceed to Law School, I would like to have a job or work. But I don’t know where to work because most of the jobs available are… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  attitude ,  employability ,  job application ,  job choices 
Posted in  Learning Zone 
 Hi, I am MyT! Welcome to MyTrabaho! 
 Tags 
 academic record   attitude   creativity   dream job   employability   interview   job application   job choices   job hunting   job specifications   passion   qualifications   references   self-assessment   self-esteem 
 Search 
 MyTrabaho FB Page 
 
 MyTrabaho FB Page 
 
 Categories 
 
 Learning Zone  (19) 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 97 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Site Stats 
 
 122,931 hits 
 
 (C) 2021  
 ↑ 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
