  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Uxbridge, England 
 Rate:  £50000 - £65000 per annum + £5.8K Car Allowance + 10% bonus 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Data Scientist 
 Data Scientist, Uxbridge, £50-65K + £5.8K Car Allowance + 10% bonus + bens. 
 You must have a solid background in Data Science with demonstrable practical experience in big data analytics and machine learning. 
 The core mission of the Data Science team is to deliver strategic data-driven innovation to help the business make timely decisions and product innovations, contributing to retention, acquisition and member experience goals. 
 Our team works with stakeholders across the business including marketing, commerce, community and product teams. 
 The role involves delivering advanced analytics using a variety of modelling techniques, while ensuring we are utilising all our data to maximise business impact and to help the business achieve substantial growth. 
 Responsibilities 
Design and run experiments to collect and process relevant data for training and building predictive models addressing core business challenges 
Implement advanced analytics solutions to support product managers in understanding how members interact with our products and delivering data-driven features 
Automate and deploy the end-to-end analytics pipelines to deliver timely and actionable insights to stakeholders 
Effectively communicate complex analytics results to key stakeholders and ensure the work and recommendations drive the business strategy forward 
 Key Skills/Experience 
 Degree in computer science, engineering or related fields at 2:1 or above. 
 Specialisations in Data Science or Machine Learning are a plus. 
 Experience with a variety machine learning and data modelling techniques (e.g. 
 predictive analytics, anomaly detection, natural language processing), ideally with some knowledge about deep learning/AI models and frameworks Strong technical skills in SQL and Python (core libraries: sklearn, numpy, pandas, scipy, matplotlib, sklearn, tensorflow, keras), ideally with some knowledge of agile development methodologies (CI/CD) Experience with big data technologies, such as AWS cloud infrastructure, Spark, stream processing 
 This Data Scientist position is based in Uxbridge but can be remote working and is paying c£50-65K + £5.8K Car Allowance + 10% bonus + Bens, depending on relevant experience. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £50000 - £65000 per annum + £5.8K Car Allowance + 10% bonus 
 
 
 Location:  Uxbridge, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  IT 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Definitive 
 
 
 Tel:  01895 457 455 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-06 00:50:17 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Definitive  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Definitive 
 
 DevOps Engineer 
 Site Reliability Engineer - SRE 
 Senior Java Software Engineer  
 Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 DevOps Engineer 
 Java Software Engineer 
 Junior Data Engineer 
 Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 Data Engineer 
 Data Engineer Team Lead 
 Senior Java Developer 
 Principal Software Engineer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
