Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Internal Auditor 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __Lower Mainland, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Not just a job… 
 a community 
 a partnership 
 a team 
 You’ll experience them all at London Drugs Limited (London Drugs or the Company). As one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most successful retail chains, we know what it takes to build a satisfying career. We are seeking innovative, customer focused people to join our team! 
 Our  Internal Audit Department  located at our head office in  Richmond, BC  currently has opportunities for: 
 Internal Auditor 
 At London Drugs, we thrive on finding new ways to take care of people, every day. We go above and beyond the expected to take care of people and make their lives less complicated. 
 Reporting to the General Manager, Internal Audit, this position is responsible for planning and performing internal audits (audits) for the company; these audits are independently designed to add value and improve operations. The London Drugs internal audit team helps the Company accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes. 
 The successful candidate should possess the following: 
 
 Strong analytical and strategic thinking skills. 
 A high degree of confidence when handling Company financials and other sensitive information. 
 The aptitude to work independently and appropriately under pressure, as well as to be a contributing team member for larger projects. 
 The ability to exercise sound judgment and effectively problem solve. 
 Organizational skills and the capability to multitask effectively in order to work well under changing priorities. 
 The skill to work collaboratively with all levels of personnel within the Company. 
 Excellent interpersonal communication skills, both written and verbal. 
 A willingness to be a change agent within the Company. 
 The desire to be a lifelong learner. 
 
 Education and Knowledge: 
 
 Recognized accounting designation (CPA CA, CPA CGA, or CPA CMA). 
 Internal Audit related designations (CIA, CISA, or CISSP) or an interest to pursue such a designation in the immediate future. 
 Minimum of one to three years’ experience conducting internal and/or external audits. 
 Sound knowledge of internal controls; general corporate policies and procedures; and accounting principles. 
 Strong knowledge of various Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook, Visio etc.) 
 Experience in data analytics for audit purposes. 
 The following experience and/or knowledge will be regarded as an asset: 
 Software applications: ACL, Tableau or IDEA; 
 Governance frameworks (i.e. SOX, COBIT, ISO); 
 Cyber security operations and/or conducting cyber security audits and assessments; 
 Retail experience. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 To plan and perform audits of Company processes and systems using a systematic and logical methodology. 
 
 
 These audits will include the review of various store and head office processes to ensure company policies and procedures are being followed, ensure controls are in place and make recommendations for improvement. 
 
 
 Present findings, risks and recommendations to multiple stakeholders. 
 
 
 And as required: 
 
 
 Plan and perform audits covering other companies in the group; 
 
 
 Work with external parties such as the Company’s external auditors and suppliers/vendors; 
 
 
 Assist management with special projects; and 
 
 
 If you possess a leadership style that focuses on effective change, this is the opportunity for you to excel! 
 
 
 London Drugs offers advancement opportunities through our promote-from-within policies, salaries commensurate with experience, as well as a comprehensive benefits program including: 
 
 Comprehensive medical, dental, prescription drug and vision coverage for you and your family 
 Employee Discount Program 
 Employee Recognition Program 
 Health & Wellness (Up to 100% YM/YWCA gym membership paid) 
 Company matched RRSPs 
 Ongoing In-House Training & Education Courses 
 Employee Family Assistance Program (Confidential counseling) 
 Community Involvement 
 
 If you possess the necessary skills and expertise and would like to join an exciting team of professionals please apply now! 
 **  London Drugs is an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list ** 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Internal Auditing: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CISA (Preferred) 
 CISSP (Preferred) 
 CPA (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
