
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 The Rocket Complex - London Metropolitan University 
 The Rocket Complex Venue 
 ](https://rocketcomplex.wordpress.com/ "The Rocket Complex – London Metropolitan University") 
 
 what's on 
 student events 
 Venue Information 
 Hiring the venue 
 jobs at The Rocket 
 contact us 
 
 Twitter   Facebook 
 Blog Archives 
 Join our team of London Met students working in the Rocket venue now! 
 Aug 7 
 Posted by  RocketComplex 
 We are looking now for outgoing and fun loving LMU students to join our existing team of 'venue assistants'. Applications are open so get involved! 
 This fun and flexible position pays London Living Wage, and can fit around your studies. Work includes setting up and working at events in the venue, working on the bar, cloakroom, box office and promoting our events. 
 The Rocket runs a cafe bar and puts on the best student events from live shows to club nights, as well as private hire events. We have a vibrant and close knit student team who enjoy working and socialising together… it's a great opportunity to get involved with events at uni and make new friends, and all staff are paid the London Living wage! Don't delay,  apply today through Met Temps  - there are shifts waiting! 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  Job ,  LMU ,  london met ,  london metropolitan university ,  part time ,  party ,  position ,  role ,  socialise ,  student ,  student event ,  summer ,  summer job ,  The Rocket ,  uni ,  university 
 
 
 Welcome to The Rocket Complex 
 
 
 We are the bookable venue space of London Metropolitan University, based on Holloway Road, Islington, in the heart of bustling north London. 
 
 Check the menu above for info on regular nights and the venue. 
 
 
 Check out the events calendar below to see whats on. 
 
 
 Scroll to the bottom for other related links including how to get a Metcard. 
 
 
 
 Events Calendar 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter! 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
