Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Associate 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Nursing 
Competition No. - A102343190 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 This position has an expected end date of one year from the date of hire, with the possibility of extension, and offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed here. The annual salary range for the Research Associate is $58,210 to $80,050, this will be based on experience, education and skills. The skill level for the Research Associate is Senior Level(C) - the position requires an expert level of related experience, knowledge, skills and abilities. 
 The Translating Research in Elder Care (TREC) research program is a complex of inter-connected research projects, pilot projects, a network study, and a training program for highly qualified personnel that has been running since 2007. A new 2 year program began in 2018 across three provinces (British Columbia, Alberta, and Manitoba) with close relationships in Ontario and Atlantic Canada. TREC is comprised of four main inter-related projects; the TREC Measurement System (TMS), Safer Care for Older Persons (in residential) Environments (SCOPE), Improving Nursing Home Care through Feedback on PerfoRMance Data (INFORM), and an end-of-life project as part of the pan-Canadian SALTY (Seniors Adding Life to Years) study. TREC engages care providers in more than 90 long term care (nursing home) facilities in British Columbia, Alberta and Manitoba in a longitudinal project on work environment and staff work life. The TREC team entails over 60 members including investigators, trainees and different stakeholders (i.e. policy makers, knowledge users, citizens) across Canada, the US, and Sweden. 
 The Research Associate will report directly to the TREC Scientific Director (SD) and provide support in a variety of research and revenue-generating activities with a significant focus on utilizing the longitudinal TMS data, publishing manuscripts and supporting interventions studies and the transformation of tested intervention packages to system useable interventions. 
 Duties: 
Project related work 
 Develop and pre-test a process and products to make TREC interventions and technologies available for decision makers 
Advance TREC's research on organizational context in order to bring the measurement tools closer to readiness for routine use by end users 
Assist with data collection and analysis; this includes doing observations during the studies, monitor the data collection steps done by investigators, collect the data, enter the data into the secure data environment, analyze the data, draft reports to the research team etc. 
Facilitate project data collection with vulnerable populations; e.g. interviewing, analyze the data, provide the data back as a narrative, etc. 
 Supervision 
 Support the preparation and implementation of TREC’s summer student program; prepare projects for the students; assist with recruiting and interviewing potential students; coach and supervise summer students during the summer student program 
Supervise undergraduate and graduate students as well as postdoctoral fellows throughout the academic year; provide mentorship; prepare sessions on different topics such as methods and data analysis 
 Funding and grant writing 
 Support the preparation of TREC funding applications; e.g. perform targeted literature reviews for planned TREC funding applications, plan and develop research aims and objectives for funding applications in close collaboration with TREC researchers; write grants 
Support other revenue-generating activities at the local/provincial/national level, e.g. draft funding applications for health authorities or provincial governments 
 Scientific outputs 
 Prepare publications 
prepare materials for scientific and stakeholder meetings 
 Overall support of the research program 
 Plan research activities and provide research design for new/proposed research initiatives 
Assist with carrying out identified research aims and plans 
Develop materials to support TREC research and operations where required, e.g. draft trainee recruitment posters, draft technical reports, government reports, etc. 
Organization of and participation in TREC meetings 
Prepare correspondence, briefing notes, reports and other documentation as required 
Develop strategies for presenting key results that are appropriate to different stakeholders at all levels (e.g., researchers, trainees, front line staff, senior decision makers) 
Prepare technical and dissemination reports for funders 
Attend meetings with the Scientific Director and Co-Investigators and participate in planning collaborative research projects as requested 
Perform other research and administrative duties as required 
 Qualifications: 
The successful candidate will have excellent organizational, time management and communications skills (written and oral). The ideal candidate will have a high level of interpersonal skills and advanced organization, decision making, critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Candidate must bring a positive and constructive approach to the position. A proven ability to work in a fast paced team environment and meet tight deadlines will ensure success in this position. Familiarity with University policies and procedures and previous work/supervisory experience in an academic/clinical research setting would also be an asset. 
 Essential requirements: 
A PhD in a Health or Social Sciences discipline is required and essential for this position 
3-5 years’ experience in senior scientific work on research projects 
Experience with mixed research methods (i.e., survey, interview, formative and summative evaluation, etc.) 
Experience working with large databases/sets, as well as, with narrative data essential 
Demonstrated superior project planning and coordination skills 
Demonstrated superior communication and interpersonal skills 
Flexibility and adaptability 
Demonstrated superior written communication abilities, e.g., reports, briefings, manuscripts, grants 
Excellent organizational and time-management skills with the ability to adapt to competing timelines and change 
Accuracy and attention to detail 
Ability to work both independently and in a team environment 
Excellent initiative and ability to work with limited supervision 
Must have superior skills in MS Office suite of programs, including Excel. 
Experience with statistical analysis using one or more of SAS, SPSS, STATA 
Skill and experience with qualitative analysis 
Experience with research in long-term care settings is an asset 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
