Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cosmetics Merchandiser PT 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __North Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1199 Lynn Valley Rd, North Vancouver, British Columbia, V7J 3H2 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY: 
Maintains efficient flow of merchandise and supports all processes to maximize the selling opportunity for the Cosmetic/beauty BOUTIQUE staff. 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Merchandising (Cosmetics Specific) 
Pooling Returns (weekly) 
Processes Returns (weekly) 
DC Tote Put-Away (as required) 
Event Set-Up (weekly) 
Event Recovery (weekly) 
Display/POP Put-Up (weekly) 
Maintains/organizes cosmetics, fragrance and dermatological drawers 
POG Updates (as required) 
Fixtures (as required) 
Pricing (as required) 
Filling, Facing and Cleaning (daily) 
Customer Return Morgue 
Cosmetics Lock-Up Maintenance 
 Merchandising (Broad Base Spectrum ) 
 Organizes backroom product 
Ensures product is replenished on shelves in a timely manner 
Cycle count – advises appropriate person on stock outs/shortages 
Assembles and displays pre-packs 
Manages exit strategy and inventory management reports 
Manages customer and pre-pack Return Authorization Numbers in a timely manner 
Completes all planogram adjustments and changes within provided timelines 
Displays signage and talkers accordingly including flyers and corporate markdowns 
Advanced skills in MMS and use of the PDT 
Expert in assigned areas of product inventory, product placement, expiry dates, promotion, etc. 
Maintains operating standard guidelines pertaining to image and trends in store 
Ensures product displays are consumer focused and “shoppable” 
Works with Front Store Manager and Cosmetic or beautyBOUTIQUE Manager to identify out of stock solutions and order replenishment opportunities 
 Customer Service 
 Clean image to the customers in accordance with uniform policy and dress code guidelines (eg. approved uniform and name badge, clean appearance, etc.) 
Takes initiative to acknowledge and assist all customers in the aisles and transfer to Cosmetic Staff 
Supports the business to maximize the customer’s experience 
 Loss Prevention 
 Maintains security of the goods in the backroom in accordance with loss prevention policies and procedures 
Maintain security tagging on the designated products, as per Store Standards 
 Receiving Area 
 Maintains a neat and organized Cosmetic area in the backroom 
Ensures proper documentation is completed with respect to the receiving and return of goods 
 General 
 Complies with all health and safety regulations 
Complies with all store policies and procedures 
Perform other duties as required such as Cash duties 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
Experience 
 Previous merchandising or customer service experience 
Effective verbal and written communication skills 
Customer service oriented 
Commitment to providing excellence in Customer Service 
 WORKING CONDITIONS 
 Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends. 
Ability to work in a fragrance filled environment 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Ability to lift up to 50 pounds 
Ability to climb ladder 
Ability to bend and stretch to stock shelves 
 The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. 
 J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
