Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Deals Transaction Services 
 PwC 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Our culture and values are something we’re proud of, and are why we’re recognized as a “Top Company” to work for in Canada. At PwC we create leaders within our organization, within our clients’ organizations and within the community. We know great leaders inspire those around them and bring perspectives together to achieve what matters most. With PwC you’ll have a network for life. When you join us, you become part of an exclusive network of current PwC partners, staff and alumni, that will help you ignite a meaningful career. 
 A career in our Financial Due Diligence practice, within Deals Transaction Services, will provide you the opportunity to help organisations realise the potential of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures and capital markets. In short, we help some of the world’s leading companies originate, create, execute, and realise value from deals. Through data driven insights we help our clients move in the right direction ensuring maximum value for their company. 
 Our team assist organisations with both buy side and sell side due diligence. As part of our team, you’ll help us provide both corporate and financial buyers with peace of mind by analysing and validating all the financial, commercial, operational and strategic assumptions being made. 
 PwC Transaction Services – What we do: 
Each project presents a unique opportunity to assess areas of emphasis for our client. The work we do provides our clients with intelligence in critical areas that allows them to make informed decisions about their potential opportunity. 
 Typical areas of focus where we help include:  run-rate earnings, cash-flow and working capital seasonality and cyclicality and uncovering hidden risks and opportunities. 
Liaise with other M&A groups to support and advise our clients through the entire deal continuum (strategy through integration) including contract review/negotiations, synergy analyses, and post-deal integration. 
 What it’s like to work in the PwC Transaction Services group as a Manager: 
 A highly collaborative team environment with input from Associates to Partners across all lines of service (including outside of Transaction Services). 
Meet with clients to understand their views, needs, and services to be provided in connection with a potential transaction. 
Read and analyze key financial data of a target’s business (buy-side) or of client’s business (sell-side). 
Meet with C-suite level management team members from the target (buy-side) or from our client (sell-side) to discuss both historical and future performance, KPIs, and trends/anomalies identified. 
Act as the project “Quarterback”, leading all PwC lines of service (tax, human resources, IT, etc…) to ensure a seamless process for our client, the target company, and other advisors. 
Prepare and present a report for client executives summarizing the results of our analyses including key issues identified, potential impact, and proposed resolution/path forward. 
 Skills Developed: 
Gain a holistic understanding of the deal continuum and broader M&A transactions (strategy through integration). 
An interest in upskilling for a digital world and technology trends, an openness to learning new tools and adapting how you work. 
Develop stronger leadership skills from managing the entire process along the deal continuum, including all lines of service (Tax, HR, IT, etc.) and other network firms. 
Gain exposure to, and understanding of, a wide array of foreign markets, industries, clients, and target companies. 
Further develop your skills for better project management and team-focused approach to problem solving. 
Increase your ability to understand a variety of business issues and the strategic implications underpinning each. 
Strengthen your communication skills and ability to present findings in both written and verbal formats. 
Develop stronger client service and relationship building skills, as well as further developing your personal brand. 
 Requirements: 
6+ years of professional experience, including one year or more of Transaction Services experience at a Manager / Senior Manager level and minimum two or more years of total Transaction Services experience. 
 Languages:  excellent English, French will be a major asset. 
A Chartered Professional Accountant / Chartered Accountant Designation (or equivalent). 
Proven technical and analytical capabilities including proven financial and business performance analysis skills. 
Strong communication, presentation and report writing skills. 
Proven due diligence engagement team management and leadership skills. 
Flexibility and adaptability to a fast-paced and ever-changing environment. 
Confidence and the desire and ability to learn all aspects of a business and its industry in a short time frame. 
This role does not support completion of the Canadian CPA designation. 
 Why you’ll love working for PwC 
We want you to love every (if not, almost every) minute of your career, having said this, we get it. Each life stage we go through comes with a new set of priorities and demands. This is why we support you through a range of financial and non-financial rewards and benefits, so regardless of your situation, there’s something for everyone. 
 Leading benefits for our permanent staff include: 
A competitive compensation package 
 Sponsored investments, pensions and saving plans with matching firm contributions 
 Flexible working 
 PwC FlexBenefits, for personalised medical & dental coverage, including enhanced mental health benefit 
 Every day recognition and real time appreciation through our rewards and recognition program 
 Dress for your day with our flexible dress environment 
 Health, wellness and fitness perks 
 Family-friendly benefits, including maternity and parental leave policies and support networks to help you prepare for your successful return to work 
 Adoption/surrogacy benefits 
 Back-up child and elder care support 
 Career defining project work and international experience 
 Development opportunities including learning on the job, formal learning, learning from others and access to “Vantage” our digital learning system 
 Award winning programs including “Women in Leadership” and “Enhanced Pursuit Program” 
 A coach to help develop skills, diversify experiences and achieve career aspirations 
 See how you can create your future at PwC:  https://pwc.to/2kUQFOp 
 PwC is committed to building a diverse workforce representative of the communities we serve. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 Every day we see how people make businesses great. But it's not only about skills. If your experience is close to what we're looking for, please consider applying. We recognize that experience comes in many forms, and passionate teams reimagine the possible. Create your future at PwC. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
