Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Noon Supervisor (WFG) - Temporary 
 Elk Island School Division 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Elk Island Public Schools (EIPS) is one of the largest school divisions in Alberta, serving the education needs of approximately 17,150 students in 43 schools. Every day, the staff and students of EIPS are encouraged to pursue opportunities to grow and to discover their passions in life. We pride ourselves on providing our staff and students with the tools to achieve success by offering dynamic programming, up-to-date resources and practical professional learning opportunities. 
 Elk Island Public Schools is recruiting a temporary part-time Noon Supervisor (1 hour per day) at Win Ferguson Elementary. 
 Win Ferguson Elementary is a K-6 school with approximately 440 students, 23 teaching staff, and 18 support staff. The school is located in the town of Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta approximately 22 kilometers north of Sherwood Park, Alberta. The community at Win Ferguson School believe all students come to school to learn, work, and play in an atmosphere of trust and respect. Our commitment is to provide students with the knowledge, help, and guidance they need to become active participants in today's society. 
 Noon Hour Supervisors main responsibility is to provide supervision to children during the lunch hour under the direction of the Principal/Assistant Principal. 
 Schedule will be one (1) hour each day, five (5) hours per week, Monday to Friday, starting immediately and ending June 25, 2021. Being available on short notice would be an asset. 
 Duties/Responsibilities 
 Supervision During Eating Time: 
Greet students in lunchroom when lunch hour starts 
Watch students in different classrooms while they eat 
Help monitor behaviour and encourage positive interaction between students 
Encourage students to follow classroom lunch rules and handle minor infractions 
Make sure students dispose of garbage in receptacles 
 Supervision During Playtime: 
Ensure that all students have gone outside within a reasonable time 
Supervise and ensure student safety within an assigned area of the playground 
Carry the first aid fanny-pack at all times and administers minor first aid 
Deal with minor behaviour problems and refer serious behaviour problems to the principal or assistant principal 
 Education and Experience 
 First Aid is an asset 
Behaviour Management training is an asset 
Experience working in or volunteering in a school setting is an asset 
 Demonstrated Skills and Competencies 
 Excellent interpersonal skills 
Enjoy working with students 
A good sense of humour 
Good health and physical fitness 
The ability to take direction and work independently 
Flexibility, patience, sensitivity, tolerance, enthusiasm, creativity and imagination 
The ability to deal with the emotional and mental stress of working with large groups of children who are sometimes active and demanding 
 For more information, please contact Justin Mazur, Assistant Principal, at 780-998-1441 or email justin.mazur@eips.ca. 
 Only online applications will be accepted. 
 Elk Island Public Schools appreciates and considers all applications; however, we only contact candidates who are selected for interviews. 
 “If you require assistance with the application system, please call Apply to Education at 1-877-900-5627 or email info@applytoeducation.com.” 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
