
 
 To be able to use the full range of Shopware 6, we recommend activating Javascript in your browser. 
 +++ Worldwide Shipping | 6.500 products +++ 
 Company 
 About us   History   Team   Career 
 Exhibition dates   Catalogue 
 Showroom 
 Showroom   Open Showroom 2020 
 Contact 
 Country: 
 International 
 Österreich 
 Deutschland 
 International 
 Schweiz 
 Login 
 Close menu 
  Login  
 Not a customer yet?  Register now 
   
  Season Decoration     Home & Living     Gifts & More     Sale %  
  Christmas  
  Christmas tree balls  
  Advent wreaths  
  Advent Calendar  
  Santas  
  Christmas figures  
  Snow globes  
  Christmas hanger / tree decoration  
  Light Stars  
  Nativity Set  
  Light houses  
  Candles/Candleholders  
  Light chains  
  Decoration & more  
  Miniatures for light houses  
  Rocking Horses  
  Santa boots  
  Imps  
  Nutcracker  
  Easter  
  Eggs  
  Rabbits  
  Figures  
  Candles  
  Decoration & more  
  Chickens  
  Sheep  
  Summer  
  Flower Plug  
  Fountains  
  Baskets  
  Picnic  
  Valentine's Day  
  Autumn  
  Back to overview  
  House & Kitchen  
  Cups & Mugs  
  Ashtray  
  cutlery bags  
  Tins / Trays  
  Egg cup / warmer  
  Etagere  
  Fondue  
  Breakfast board  
  Placemats  
  Napkins  
  Teapots  
  Tableware  
  Drinking glasses & bottles  
  Wind chimes  
  Flower pots & vases  
  Light  
  Lanterns  
  Candlesticks  
  Candles  
  Scented lamps  
  Scented oils  
  Light chains  
  Accessories & Equipment  
  Garden & Outdoor  
  Garden decorations  
  Fountaints  
  Flower pots & vases  
  Storage  
  Boxes  
  Jewellery holders & boxes  
  cigarette box  
  Wall decoration  
  Photos  
  Photos Frame  
  wardrobe  
  Signs  
  Boards  
  Watches  
  Pillows, blankets, carpets  
  Figurines & animals  
  Buddha figurines  
  Clowns  
  Deco figurines  
  Angel figurines  
  Miniatures  
  Tik-Tok / Ball game  
  Miscellaneous / gritting articles  
  Artificial flowers  
  Back to overview  
  Fun & Games  
  Cars  
  Lucky charms  
  Soft toys  
  Jewellery  
  Hand flatterer  
  Music boxes  
  Magic Towel  
  Stationery  
  Magnets  
  Brackets  
  Sayings & More  
  Garlands  
  Money box  
  Sports & Leisure  
  Hand warmer/bag warmer  
  Umbrellas  
  Fan article  
  Hot water bottles  
  Wallet  
  Fan article  
  Packaging  
  Gift bags/boxes  
  organza bag  
  Bags  
  Felt packaging  
  Diverses / Streuartikel  
  Key ring  
  Spectacles/reading aids  
  Lighter  
  Diverses  
  Sanitary articles  
  Pet products  
  Dog toys  
  Dog blanket  
  Dog bed  
  Bowls & more  
  Back to overview  
 Login 
 Close menu 
  Login  
 Not a customer yet?  Register now 
  €0.00 Cart  
 Close menu 
  Show Career      Back   
 Country: 
 International 
 Österreich 
 Deutschland 
 International 
 Schweiz 
 Always in search of talent 
 Career 
 For more than half a century now, the company G. Wurm, based in Cologne - the city of millions in the heart of Europe - has been selling its products to various customer groups in the retail trade. In addition to classic retailers, e-commerce customers and even multi-channel providers have come to appreciate and love our philosophy. (100% customer orientation, market-leading prices & incredible product selection). 
 We are constantly looking for new talents and change agents who would like to support us on our journey. 
 Browse through our current vacancies: 
 Warehouse Logistics Specialist (permanent post) 
 Right away, permanent post, no shift work, fair payment. 
 Show Job offer 
 Your tasks as a specialist in warehouse logistics include the compilation of consignments, the booking of incoming goods, the filling of warehouse shelves and the unloading of containers and trucks as well as other warehouse logistics instructions. In addition to the normal warehouse activities, we may also use you for the assembly and dismantling of exhibition stands throughout Germany as required. 
 Basically we assume physical resilience and wish for a general dynamic way of working when tasks arise. We attach great importance to commitment, team spirit, reliability and honesty. 
 Your qualification should be a completed apprenticeship as a retail packer or specialist for warehouse logistics. Other technically successful training courses are also desired. In addition, it is of course always helpful if you have already gained experience in the field of warehouse logistics and can contribute your knowledge to our team. A command of the German language is required. 
 You can expect working hours from 08:00-16:00, no shift work, fair payment and a permanent position after passing the probationary period. 
 Have we aroused your interest? 
 Send us your application documents with photo, CV, certificates and your salary expectations. 
 Apply now 
 Temporary employee warehouse logistics 
 From now on, temp job, no shift work, fair pay. 
 Show Job offer 
 To cushion our seasonal peaks, we are looking for temporary staff, part-time employees, sprightly pensioners, students or 450.00 € temporary help. 
 Your tasks will be in the field of warehouse logistics and will include, among other things, the compilation of consignments, filling of storage shelves and unloading of containers and trucks. In addition, repacking or clean-up work may be necessary at any time. 
 In principle, we require physical strength, as individual cardboard boxes can weigh up to 31 kg. It is also helpful if you already have experience in the storage area. A command of the German language is required. 
 You can expect working hours from 08:00-16:00 hours, no shift work. So if you are ready and willing to support our team at short notice, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your documents accordingly and your salary expectations 
 Apply Now 
 Sales representative - domestic/export 
 From now on, permanent position, varied tasks, fair payment 
 Show Job offer 
 Is customer care and communication with customers your strength? Then we can offer you a versatile job as a sales representative in the sales office as a sales consultant / telephone sales for our customers at home and abroad. Besides the support of existing customers, the field of activity includes the acquisition of new customers and the systematic care and processing of our selected customer target groups. 
 Likewise it is work such as the preparation of offers and order processing and handling, maintenance of master data in ERP and sales consulting on the phone and at our trade fair stands throughout Germany that you will be facing. Many great opportunities to live out your character and ambitions. 
 The prerequisite for this position is a completed commercial apprenticeship or a degree in a commercial field. Team spirit, commitment and a strong communication skills are required for this job. In addition, convincing negotiation skills and sales talent are absolutely essential in this profession in order to grow together. A high degree of reliability and willingness to perform are highly appreciated and demanded by the entire team. 
 For the export department good English skills are essential. - French, Italian or Spanish as a 2nd foreign language are desired. 
 In return, we offer you a permanent position with varied tasks after passing the probationary period in a successful, dynamic and young team in a value-oriented family business. You can expect new challenges and personal responsibility with interesting areas of responsibility in this position. If you are ready and willing to support our team, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your documents accordingly as well as your salary expectations. 
 Apply Now 
 Import employee 
 From now on, permanent position, varied tasks, fair payment 
 Show Job offer 
 Do you enjoy handling logistics processes and communicating with carriers and suppliers? Then we have just the right workplace for you where you can put your skills as a trained organizer, negotiator and logistics specialist to good use. The scope of duties includes communication with suppliers in Germany and abroad as well as the direct handling of transports by our logistics partners. Also included are the placement of supplier orders and order processing. Master data maintenance of the more than 6,500 articles, optimization of product details and quality monitoring are also part of your area of responsibility. 
 Prerequisite for this position is a completed commercial/logistical apprenticeship in this field or a degree in logistics or business administration. Team spirit, commitment and a strong communication skills are required for this job. In addition, you need strong negotiating skills and a talent for purchasing goods. A high degree of reliability and willingness to perform are highly appreciated and demanded by the entire team. 
 A very good knowledge of English is also essential to ensure the smooth processing of orders with our foreign suppliers. 
 For this we offer you a permanent position with varied tasks after passing the probationary period in a successful, dynamic and young team in a value-oriented family business. You can expect new challenges as well as personal responsibility with interesting areas of responsibility in this position. If you are ready and willing to support our team, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your documents accordingly as well as your salary expectations. 
 Apply Now 
 Full-time decorator 
 From now on, permanent employment, supervision of showroom, trade fair decoration, fair payment 
 Jobangebot ansehen 
 You would enjoy the creative supervision of our showroom and the decoration of our exhibition stand at various national trade fairs in Frankfurt, Munich and Hamburg? Do you see this working environment as a strength on your part? Then we can offer you a varied and exciting job as a decorator. Your area of responsibility will include the supervision of trade fair decoration, the organisation of our sample room as well as customer contact in domestic sales. There are great opportunities to live out your personality and your passion for products and sales communication. 
 Prerequisites for this position are a completed education in this field, the joy of gift and decoration articles and the talent of craftsmanship. Team spirit, commitment and a strong communication skills are required for this job. A high degree of reliability and willingness to perform are highly appreciated and demanded by the entire team. 
 Therefore we offer you a permanent position with varied tasks after a successful probationary period in a successful, dynamic and young team in a value-oriented family business. You can expect new challenges and personal responsibility with interesting areas of responsibility in this position. If you are ready and willing to support our team, we look forward to receiving your application. 
 Please send us your documents accordingly as well as your salary expectations. 
 Apply Now 
 Not the right one? 
 We are always pleased to receive unsolicited applications for all areas. If you are ready and willing to support our team, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your documents accordingly as well as your salary expectations. 
 Apply Now 
 Phone:  +49 (0)221 / 98 67 10 
  Directions & Contact  
   
 Categories 
 
  Season Decoration  
  Home & Living  
  Gifts & More  
  Sale %  
 
 Service & Support 
 
  Exhbition dates  
  Cash & Carry  
  Order Catalogue  
  FAQ  
  Virtueller Showroom  
 
 Company 
 
  About us  
  History  
  Team  
  Career  
 
   
 2020 © Copyright Wurm. 
All rights reserved. 
               
 
  Directions & Contact  
  Imprint  
  Terms & Conditions  
  Privacy policy  
 
 This website uses cookies to ensure the best experience possible.  More information... 
 Deny  Configure  Accept all 
