Skip to content 
 
 International Schools Review Discussion Boards 
 ISR Discussion Boards are open to site members and visitors alike. Your Voice Counts. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 ISR Home Page 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 I didn't find a job at the international teacher recruiting fair 
 When Recruiting Fairs Give You Lemons 
 March 5, 2015August 15, 2017  ~  internationalschoolsreview  ~  35 Comments 
 The window of opportunity for finding an overseas teaching position this recruiting season has just about closed. Unfortunately, some of us who are currently overseas haven't landed a job for the upcoming academic year. If you're in this unnerving position and facing a return to your home country potentially jobless, homeless and/or car-less, you're not alone. Many an experienced overseas educator walked away empty-handed this recruiting season. 
 Most International Schools require teachers resign their current position well in advance of attending a Recruiting Fair. So what do you do when you resign your international teaching job, fly off to recruit at a Fair or two, and still fail to land a new position? You could try to extend your present contract for the upcoming school year. But chances are your school has already filled your position, and maybe even at the exact same Fair you attended…. 
 One International Educator we spoke with said she and her husband (also a teacher) were forced to return to the States after they failed to find a school with positions for them both and tells us they made their own proverbial lemonade: They rented an apartment (near family) in what they considered a good school district for their two kids, bought a "funky" old car, applied for substitute teaching credentials and simply rode out year. They easily found positions the next recruiting season and have been overseas ever since. 
 Another teacher reports his unique lemonade recipe: He rented a house near an International School he wanted to teach at and worked there as a substitute teacher. The school, being familiar with his work, hired him for the following year and gave him the foreign-hire status he required. 
 There ARE creative ways to work around not finding a job at a Recruiting Fair. Have you been in this position? How did you deal with it? Or, are you facing the prospect of finding yourself in this very position? Here's the place to share your ideas. 
 Please scroll down to post 
 Most Recent Topics 
 
 Are you White enough? 
 Important Updates: Name Your School & Comment on Their Response to Covid-19 
 Make Someone's New Year Day with a Random Act of Kindness 
 
 Topics by Category 
 Topics by Category Select Category Accreditation Aging Parents & Loved Ones Back Home Best & Worst Benefit Packages Breaking Contract & Moving On Coronavirus Cultural Issues Ethical & Legal Issues Families Overseas Going International with Kids Going International with Pets Health In the Classroom International teaching Interviewing LGBTQ Community Medical Member Only Articles Moving & Living Overseas Moving Home & Summer Vacations Overseas and Over-50 Politics Recruiting Focused Articles Scam Alerts School Admin Issues Stuff for Newbies Suggest a Blog Topic Teachers of Color Overseas Teaching in Political Hot Spots Trailing Spouse Solutions What's it Really Like to Live Here? Why ISR? 
 Read Reviews of Schools 
 
 Go to ISR & Read Reviews of International Schools 
 
 Follow ISR 
 Subscribe to ISR Discussion Boards & receive notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1,229 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
