
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 PepsiCo is looking for a Brand Designer in New York, NY, USA. Not an ordinary Brand Designer but the kind of Brand Designer that makes other Brand Designers question their Brand Designer-ness. 
 About 
 The Brand Designer is responsible for execution of comprehensive brand design. Graphic design and digital projects for Pure Leaf. Successful candidates will demonstrate superior ability to drive design thinking from ideation through concept development, refinement and execution. Creating high quality brand design solutions by directly executing design and leveraging internal/external design resources. The designer must be able to sketch and articulate his/her creative thinking. 
 Accountabilities: 
 Designer: Responsible for partnering across a variety of design initiatives. 
• Ideally has a background in digital, ecomm and social media design. 
• Knowledge of current social trends, standards and formats to consistently and effectively convey the brand’s image and positioning. 
• Will have a strong understanding of graphic design, digital design/strategy and basic understanding of motion graphics and video editing. 
• Foundational photography skills including lighting, composition and retouching; ability to articulate ideas conceptually. 
• Work cross-functionally to support Design leaders and agencies. 
• Collaborates with manager, marketing team members and external agency partners to ensure the appropriate concepts, themes and messages are represented. 
• Technically solid, able to illuminate ideas and visualize design stories across a variety of media. 
• Communicates regularly. Manages timelines, milestones and internal details on project work to ensure timely delivery. 
• Ability to work in a rapid paced, high-output environment. 
 Qualifications / Requirements: 
• BA or MA in Design 
• Up to 3 years studio experience 
• Advanced Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator skills, LightRoom is a plus 
• Social media-minded curator 
• Digital & photography interest or experience 
• Brand design background and style guideline experience, 360 visual identity 
• Strong typography and layout sensibility 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7569-pepsico-brand-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe InDesign, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Photoshop 
 Date Posted 
 October 20, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Shayna Brant 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Sweet office 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
