  
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Prayer
 
 Inspirational Prayer 
 Healing Prayers 
 
 
 Healing
 
 Healing Depression 
 Light Body Healing 
 Spiritual Counseling 
 
 
 Guidance
 
 Spiritual Guidance 
 Daily Meditation 
 Blessings of Light 
 Request Guidance 
 
 
 Daily Life
 
 Spiritual Life 
 Spiritual Relationships 
 Spirit at Work 
 Daily Inspiration 
 Dream Meanings 
 Spiritual Poems 
 
 
 One World
 
 World Change 
 Create One World 
 
 
 Donate 
 
 
 Home 
 Prayer Request 
 Prayer Request - Old Job or Employment, Severe Back Pain 
 
 Prayer Request - Old Job or Employment, Severe Back Pain 
 by Carlo Durante 
(Revere, MA, USA) 
 Hi, I am writing to request prayer to either receive my old teaching position that I loved or be given a career where I would thrive. I am almost bankrupt. I would love to go back to my old job where I was happy. In order for this to happen, the current teacher needs to get a promotion as a Vice-Principal or Principal. A lot of people are talking within the school system that she'll get asked to work in administration as she desires. This would allow me to get my old job back. I am also suffering from a lot of back pain too. I hope I don't need another back operation. Please help. Thanks! 
Carlo Durante 
 Click here to post comments 
  Return to Prayer Requests Archive August 2008. 
 Latest News! Get Our  First to Know  Updates 
 Receive first notice of our newest classes, ebooks, free healing circles, and one-time only special offerings, created specially for 2020. 
 Name: | 
E-mail Address:| 
 Newest On Our Site 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 What is Energy Healing Therapy? 
 
 
 How energy healing therapy can assist your body, mind and spirit to find greater harmony, ease, and balance. 
 Read More 
 
 
 Prayers for Healing - Supports for Your Daily Prayer and Meditation 
 
 
 These prayers for healing are offered to help support and assist you in your daily prayer and meditation. 
 Read More 
 
 
 New in 2020 - Free Live Online Healing Session 
 
 
 Join us every Wednesday at 12 noon Eastern time for the World Blessings Circle of Healing! 
 Read More 
 [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site 
 
 
 
 
 
 About   Contact   Privacy   Search 
 _Copyright© 2005-2020 WorldBlessings.com 
_ 
