Skip to content 
 Search 
 
 Prieur Leary Blog 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 
 Making Information Technology (IT) Work is Prieur Leary’s Job 
 It is clear that cybersecurity is very important for  Prieur Leary , and not just because all information technology (IT) specialists had better be diligent about it to keep their jobs, but also because he works a lot as a financial advisor. Any sort of breach in the information technology space he controls could end up costing his financial services clients a lot of money. Since his mission in the financial industry is to increase his clients’ wealth, not keeping information secure would go against that purpose. 
 Cybersecurity is a seemingly never-ending quest to keep up with the myriad tools and methods hackers use to defeat security and attempt to gain control of information in an IT system. And because the weakness in every IT system is in people, not devices and machines, that quest is unlikely to end anytime soon, which is why  Prieur Leary ’s efforts at securing IT will always be welcome, if only to salvage the technology for the future and keep it open, as it was meant to be. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 prieurlearyblog 
 
 
 August 17, 2018September 19, 2018 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 The Business and IT Experience Prieur Leary Brings to Bear 
 IT Specialist Prieur Leary Understands What is Important to Business 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Information Technology Specialist Prieur Leary 
 IT Specialist Prieur Leary Understands What is Important to Business 
 Making Information Technology (IT) Work is Prieur Leary’s Job 
 The Business and IT Experience Prieur Leary Brings to Bear 
 Finance and Information Technology: Prieur Leary’s Specialties 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
