Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PSWs, RPNs and RNs throughout the GTA! 
 TLC Alert Nursing and Home Care Services 
 __Greater Toronto Area, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for Personal Support Workers, Registered Practical Nurses and Registered Nurses to join our team and be part of our roster for ongoing opportunities in the Greater Toronto Area. 
 About Us: 
 TLC Alert Nursing and Home Care Services is a Canadian owned and operated health care staffing agency. We have offered quality services to our clients since 1995 and have an excellent reputation within the health care community. As an agency, we take a personal approach with each team member to make sure you feel valued and appreciated for the important work that you do. 
 About You: 
 We are currently looking for caring and compassionate PSWs, RPNs and RNs to join our team. The ideal candidate must be able to attend to multiple patients at a time in a fast-paced environment. 
 Why Work With TLC Alert Nursing? 
 
 A flexible Schedule allows you to plan around family and personal commitments 
 Competitive hourly pay 
 Supplement your current income 
 Grow your skillset & experience working in different environments 
 Work for a company that values & supports you 
 Be part of a company that has been operating since 1995 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Canadian certified PSW (mandatory)/RNs and RPNs must have a CNO license 
 Current CPR and First Aid Certificate 
 Clear Police Vulnerable Sector Check within the last 12 months 
 TB test within the last 12 months 
 Negative COVID-19 test within 14 days 
 Must be familiar with online charting (e.g. MEDITECH, e-MAR, Point-Click-Care) 
 Must be energetic and compassionate 
 Should be able to work in a fast-paced, busy environment 
 Should be comfortable working solely and/or in a team environment. 
 Must be legally authorized to work in Canada. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 12 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Health Care: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CNO (Required) 
 PSW (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
