Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Psychiatric Nurse/ Registered Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Unit 10-2 is part of the Adult Acute Services portfolio of the Edmonton Zone Addiction & Mental Health program. We provide patient and family centered care, with all team members working within the CoACT collaborative care model and the Addiction and Mental Health - Edmonton Zone Principles of Care. Reporting to the unit manager, the Registered Psychiatric Nurse/ Registered Nurse - Unit 10-2 is responsible for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of patient care for adults presenting with acute addictions and mental health concerns. The successful applicant will provide safe, effective, and stage-matched nursing care according to clinical policies, procedures, and evidence-based nursing care standards. The Registered Psychiatric Nurse/ Registered Nurse works within a concurrent capable, recovery-oriented framework, within the context of a multidisciplinary team. Other duties include assuming charge nurse responsibilities. The Adult Acute Inpatient Addiction & Mental Health Unit at AHE is a dynamic and fast paced adult acute mental health unit dedicated to best practice patient and family centered care. Care is delivered by an interdisciplinary collaborative care team in accordance with the Edmonton zone Addiction & Mental Health program’s Principles of Care and AHS values. 
 Description: 
As a Registered Psychiatric Nurse (RPN), you will provide leadership through a wide variety of nursing services to patients (clients, residents) for the purpose of promoting, maintaining or restoring health, mental health and preventing mental illness, injury and disability. You will teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and take necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care, while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Psych Nurse(2022.75 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  AH-Unit 10-2 Acute Assess -EDM 
 Primary Location:  Alberta Hospital Edmonton 
 Multi-Site:  At or Out of (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.54 
 Posting End Date:  07-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp P/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  17-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  02-NOV-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  20 
 Shifts per cycle:  54 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Nights 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Psychiatric nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Registered Psychiatric Nurses of Alberta (CRPNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Strong communication skills. Working knowledge of patient and family centered care principles. Working knowledge of psychotropic medication and psychopathology. Working knowledge or the DSM 5, concurrent disorders and stage matched interventions. Non-violent crisis intervention skills. Demonstrated ability to assess health status (including systems examination). Demonstrated ability to independently conduct a mental status assessment, formulates a problem list, and plan care. Demonstrated ability to assess multiple conditions of risk and develop and evidence based risk mitigation plan. A demonstrated knowledge of evidence-based addiction and mental health treatment modalities is required. A working knowledge of relevant legislation is required, including the Alberta Mental Health Act and Health Information Act. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
2 years of recent experience working within addiction and mental health adult acute care inpatient setting is preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
