Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Hospitality Associate (CUPE) - Casual - Uxbridge Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Uxbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital is a large community hospital with two sites – Markham and Uxbridge that has a reputation for excellence in progressive community care. The hospital is uniquely positioned with cutting edge technology, expansive new facilities and a supportive and welcoming community. With a focus on patient experience, safe, high quality care and innovation, our dedicated team of physicians, staff and volunteers provides care to over 300,000 patients a year. The hospital has capacity to grow a number of programs and services as we evolve to meet the needs of our growing community. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 What we need: 
 As a Hospitality Associate, duties include: 
Performs established housekeeping functions within assigned areas in order to provide and maintain a clean, infection free and attractive environment for patients, visitors and staff 
Rotates through room cleaning, floor maintenance, discharges, terminal cleaning ad project cleaning 
Responds to emergency codes as required 
Required to handle pathological waste and work in potentially infectious areas 
Maintain open and timely communication with team members and Management staff 
Prepare breakfast, lunch and supper food items 
Set up of Multigen cart for patient meal service and deliver patient meal trays and distribute patient nourishments on the unit 
Collect and clean soiled meal trays 
Clean and sanitize Multigen and support cart 
 Physical Demands: 
Frequent moderate and heavy exertion, i.e. extensive walking, standing, and heavy lifting up to 60 lbs. 
 Work Schedule: 
The current work schedule is 4, 6, 8 and 12 hour shifts, days and evenings, including weekends. Specifically: 6am to 230pm, 7am to 3pm, 7am to 7pm, 8am to 4pm, 10am to 6pm, 12pm to 5pm, 12pm to 8pm, 1pm to 8pm, 2pm to 8pm, and 4pm to 12am. Please note the schedule may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
$23.90-$24.98 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Current Food Handlers Certification through the local health unit or equivalent 
Previous experience in environmental services and/or food services, preferably in a hospital or long term care setting 
Good interpersonal/customer service skills, organization, communication and problem solving abilities 
Proficient computer skills 
Evidence of ability to work well independently and as a member of the team 
Detail orientated 
Flexible to cover all shifts as necessary 
Demonstrated good attendance and work performance record with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
