Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Category Archives: Jobs 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Jobs and Grants: Application deadlines coming up (January 2017) 
 Posted on  January 4, 2017  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 
 Hebrew lectureship  at Fordham, apply by January 15, 2017. 
 Summer Institute for Israel Studies , Faculty fellowship, apply by January 20, 2017. 
 Yad Hanadiv visiting fellowships  in Jewish Studies, apply by January 31, 2017. 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Travel grant ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Bulletin: Jobs in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  October 7, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Current openings: 
 
 Assistant or Associate Professor, Israel Studies,  University of Washington 
 Assistant Professor of Israel Studies,  Binghamton University 
 Full Professor of Israel Studies,  Northwestern University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Brandeis University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Israel Institute 
 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Assistant or Associate Professor of Israel Studies, U Washington 
 Posted on  August 8, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Israel Studies, Rank: Assistant or Associate Professor 
 University of Washington 
 The Jackson School of International Studies (JSIS), at the University of Washington, Seattle, invites applications for a faculty position at the tenure-track assistant professor or tenured associate professor level in the field of Israel Studies to begin on September 16, 2017, contingent on budgetary approval. The person filling the position will hold the Jack and Rebecca Benaroya Endowed Chair in Israel Studies. We welcome applications from social scientists and historians who study Israel from a multidisciplinary perspective, including the fields of history, sociology, cultural studies, geography, legal studies, political science, Jewish studies, or religious studies. In addition, candidates should be able to integrate the study of Israel into a global context, highlighting the comparative and international relevance of Israel in the Middle East and beyond. 
 The successful candidate will be expected to contribute to the mission of both the Jackson School and the Stroum Center for Jewish Studies. The Jackson School is an interdisciplinary department that houses University of Washington programs studying the areas, peoples, and religions of the world. The Stroum Center, located in the Jackson School, is a leading institution for the academic study of Jewish life in its cultural, intellectual, religious, and international contexts. The successful candidate will teach courses in Israel Studies, as well as other undergraduate and graduate comparative and international studies classes. The Benaroya endowment also calls for, and provides funds for, the holder of the chair to disseminate knowledge more broadly, creating public programming and building exchanges for students and faculty with Israeli institutions. 
 This position is a full-time, nine-month appointment. University of Washington faculty engage in teaching, research, and service. Jackson School faculty teach four courses per academic year over three quarters. 
 A PhD or foreign equivalent is required by start of appointment. 
 HOW TO APPLY: 
 Materials should be submitted to:  https://apply.interfolio.com/36385 
 Applicants should submit the following: 
 
 
 CV 
 
 
 A cover letter describing their research and teaching experience 
 
 
 Three letters of recommendation 
 
 
 Preference will be given to applications received by October 31, 2016. 
 For questions, please contact:  jsis@uw.edu 
 The University of Washington is building a culturally diverse faculty and staff and strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and covered veterans. The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies (2 years, SOAS London; Deadline: June 5, 2016) 
 Posted on  May 23, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Vacancy Number 
 001071 
 
 
 
 
 Location 
 London 
 
 
 Campus 
 Russell Square 
 
 
 Post Class 
 Research 
 
 
 Department / Centre 
 Centre of Jewish Studies 
 
 
 Contract Type 
 Fixed Term 
 
 
 Closing date for applications 
 5 June 2016 
 
 
 
 Salary: £34,336 to £40,448 per annum inclusive of London allowance 
 Fixed-term for 2 years 
 Click here to apply . 
 SOAS, University of London is the world’s leading institution for the study of Asia, Africa and the Middle East, offering programmes in arts, humanities, languages, law and social sciences. Inaugurated in June 1916, SOAS has had an international reach since the arrival of its first students in February 1917 and is celebrating its Centenary in 2016. 
 We are looking to appoint a Postdoctoral Researcher in Israeli Studies to conduct outstanding research in Israeli Studies and contribute to the advancement of Israeli Studies at SOAS and beyond. You will be expected to conduct excellent research relating to Israeli society, culture or history and publish at least two outstanding outputs as an outcome of the research. You will contribute to the research culture of the Centre for Jewish Studies and the Department of Near and Middle East at SOAS and help organise and run the Centre’s events, workshops and other activities. 
 You will be required to a good understanding of one or more of the key research areas in Israeli Studies pertaining to history, society or culture. Your ability to carry out high quality, publishable research together with your knowledge of the scholarship and of key debates in Israeli Studies, will enable you to successful in this role. You will also have excellent proficiency in Hebrew, and ideally also knowledge of Arabic. The ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with students, staff, academic colleagues together with excellent time management and interpersonal skills, are also required for this post. 
 This post will commence on 1 September 2016 and is a fixed term appointment for 2 years. 
 Completed applications must be received by 23:59 on the closing date to be considered. 
 Interviews will provisionally be held in the week commencing: 20 June 2016 
 If you have any questions or require any assistance with regard to the application process, please contact  hr-recruitment@soas.ac.uk  . 
 Equality Challenge Unit, Gender Equality Charter Mark: Bronze award holder. Addressing gender inequalities and imbalance in the arts, humanities and social sciences. 
 ** SOAS values diversity and aims to be an equal opportunities employer. 
** 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |   Leave a reply 
 Postdoc: Research Associate in Religion and Violence in the MidEast (Princeton, 2016-7) 
 Posted on  March 3, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Institute for the Transregional Study  of the Contemporary Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia invites applications for a postdoctoral or more senior researcher related to the theme of  Religion and Violence in the Middle East . Applicants can be from the disciplines of history, law, politics, literature, as well as Islamic studies. The appointment will be for the year, September 1, 2016 through August 31, 2017, with the possibility of renewal, subject to satisfactory performance and continued funding. Assuming approval by the Department of Near Eastern Studies and the Dean of the Faculty, the researcher will be expected to teach a one-semester undergraduate course, which may be open to graduate students. Candidates must hold the Ph.D. degree and are expected to pursue independent research at Princeton and to participate in Institute-related activities on campus. Travel assistance of up to $1000 for round-trip, economy-class airfare will be available to the appointee and her or his immediate family. The salary, to be approved by the Department and the Dean of the Faculty, will be based on the successful candidate's qualifications. This position is subject to the University's background check policy.Interested applicants must apply online at  https://jobs.princeton.edu  and submit a current curriculum vitae, a research statement (maximum length 2 pages), a cover letter, and contact information for three references.  The deadline for application is March 31, 2016, 11:59 p.m. EST . 
 Essential Qualifications:  Candidates must hold the Ph.D. degree and are expected to pursue independent research at Princeton and to participate in Institute-related activities on campus. 
 Click here  to apply. 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  History ,  Islam ,  Law ,  Literature ,  Politics ,  Religion and Conflict ,  Violence  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew Language instruction at Columbia U (apply by Jan 1, 2016) 
 Posted on  December 16, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Middle Eastern South Asian and African Studies at Columbia University announces an opening in Hebrew language instruction to be filled at the rank of Lecturer in Discipline, beginning July 1, 2016. We are seeking a professional language teacher with a serious commitment to teaching languages for academic purposes while developing pedagogical materials and incorporating technological innovations into the curriculum. Responsibilities will include teaching 2 or 3 courses per semester and other duties associate with the language program. This is a term position of 3 years. 
 Preference will be given to applicants who have a Ph.D., but those with a Master's degree and considerable language teaching experience are also encouraged to apply. Salary and rank commensurate with experience. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and English, foreign language instruction experience, and an oral proficiency based approach are required. 
 All applications must be submitted online and must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching evaluations, statement of teaching philosophy and methodology, three letters of recommendation, and sample teaching materials. For more information and to apply, go to: 
 academicjobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=61778 
 Applications will be reviewed starting 01/01/2016. 
 Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Tenure-Track Position in Modern Hebrew (Bucknell, apply by Jan 4, 2016) 
 Posted on  December 3, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Tenure-Track Faculty Position in Modern Hebrew 
 Bucknell University in Pennsylvania 
 The Department of Languages, Cultures and Linguistics at Bucknell University invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position in Modern Hebrew to begin August 2016. We expect to hire at the assistant professor level, but will also consider applications from exceptional candidates at a higher rank. The successful candidate will teach courses in beginning and intermediate Hebrew, as well as courses in translation on Israeli, Yiddish, and Jewish-American literature and culture. The successful candidate should show an interest in collaborating with faculty in related disciplines on a potentially team-taught course and be willing to teach a first-year, writing-intensive seminar. We seek a teacher-scholar who will be able to develop the Hebrew Language Program within the department and direct the Interdisciplinary Minor in Jewish Studies. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and experience teaching Hebrew at the college level are required. The successful candidate should have completed a Ph.D. in Hebrew, Judaic Studies, or related field by time of appointment and show scholarly potential in Hebrew-language literature, film, or culture. The Department of Languages, Cultures and Linguistics seeks candidates with a demonstrated commitment to diversity and inclusive pedagogy. 
 Application materials: include a CV, statements that address your experience and potential as a teacher, your scholarly interests, and three letters of recommendation. Applications are only accepted through Interfolio. For additional information and to apply, please go to  http://apply.interfolio.com/33175 . The search committee will begin to screen applications on January 4, 2016, and will continue to do so until the position is filled. Questions may be addressed to Dr. James Lavine, Chair of the Search Committee, at jlavine@bucknell.edu. 
 Bucknell University, an Equal Opportunity Employer, believes that students learn best in a diverse, inclusive community and is therefore committed to academic excellence through diversity in its faculty, staff, and students. We seek candidates who are committed to Bucknell’s efforts to create a climate that fosters the growth and development of a diverse student body, and we welcome applications from members of groups that have been historically underrepresented in higher education. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies (George Washington University, apply by Dec 16, 2015) 
 Posted on  December 1, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies 
 The George Washington University 
 The Program in Judaic Studies at The George Washington University invites applications and nominations for a newly endowed chair, the Max Ticktin Professor of Israel Studies, to begin in the fall semester of 2016. The field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. We encourage applications from senior scholars working on any aspect of modern Israeli politics, history, society, or culture. The successful candidate will be prepared to teach undergraduate survey courses on modern Israel, as well as more specialized graduate and upper-division seminars, and will help shape a strong Israel Studies component within the Program in Judaic Studies. While the appointment of the successful candidate will be in the department of his or her specialization, he or she will be expected to affiliate with and participate in the intellectual life of Judaic Studies. 
 Basic Qualifications . Applicants are required to have a doctorate and should hold the rank of associate or full professor, or a comparable position, at the time of application. Applicants should have a clear research agenda as demonstrated by publications, works in progress and/or presentations, as well as substantial evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence. 
 Application Procedure . Applicants must complete an online application at  http://www.gwu.jobs/postings/30103  and upload a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, and writing sample. In addition, please list three references. Review of applications will begin on December 16, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Only completed applications will be considered. 
 Employment offers are contingent pending budgetary approval and the satisfactory outcome of a standard background screening. 
 The University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Scholar in Jewish Studies (Rutgers, apply by Dec 7, 2015) 
 Posted on  November 9, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Rutgers University-New Brunswick 
 School of Arts & Sciences: Department of Jewish Studies 
 VISITING SCHOLAR IN JEWISH STUDIES 
 Location:  New Brunswick, NJ 
 Closes:  Dec 7, 2015  at 11:59 PM Eastern Time 
(GMT-5 hours) 
 The Allen and Joan Bildner Center for the Study of Jewish Life at Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, invites applications for a visiting scholar during the 2016-17 academic year. Candidates may apply for a one-semester fellowship, either Spring or Fall term, or for a full academic year. The field of expertise within Jewish Studies is open. The deadline for applications and letters of reference is December 7, 2015. 
 The visiting scholar will receive a stipend of $30,000 per semester, an office at the Bildner Center on the Rutgers New Brunswick campus, as well as access to the University’s library system. The scholar may be asked to teach a course in Jewish Studies, depending on the needs of the Department of Jewish Studies. In addition, the scholar will be asked to participate in the Bildner Center’s educational programs, which may include giving a public lecture or a faculty seminar, conducting informal meetings with students, or a teachers’ workshop. 
 Qualifications 
 A Ph.D. is required at the time of application; academic rank and field of expertise within Jewish Studies are open. 
 Application Instructions 
 Applications should include a  curriculum vitae  , a research statement, and short descriptions of public lectures and courses that the candidate can offer. Candidates should request two letters of reference to be addressed to Professor Yael Zerubavel, Director of Bildner Center. All materials must be received by December 7, 2015. Inquiries may be sent via email to csjl@rci.rutgers.edu. 
 Apply online through Interfolio: http://apply.interfolio.com/32872 
 Posted in  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc ,  Scholarship ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Assistant Professor in the Culture and Thought of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam (Deadline: Nov 8, 2015) 
 Posted on  November 2, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Judaic Studies in the McMicken College of Arts & Sciences at the University of Cincinnati invites applications at the rank of  Assistant Professor in the Culture and Thought of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam . This is a full-time tenure-track position, beginning August 1, 2016. 
 The successful candidate will be a promising scholar with demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. Qualified candidates will be familiar with the interdisciplinary academic study of medieval Jewry and intercultural relations within a broader, global context. Background in Middle-Eastern Studies or Peace and Conflict Studies would be desirable. We are seeking individuals whose research and teaching activities promote interdisciplinary collaboration with other departments and colleges at UC and our consortium partners including Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion. Teaching responsibilities include courses such as Evolution of the Middle-Eastern Conflict, Jews and Islam, Judaism and Christianity in Conflict, Medieval Jewish History, and Modern Hebrew and advising research projects of advanced undergraduate and graduate students. Candidates should be able to integrate digital technologies into the classroom. The successful candidate will also serve on committees and generally work to further the department’s growth and prestige. Applicants' research and teaching should be consistent with our mission, which emphasizes a commitment to diversity and to collaborative projects nationally and internationally. 
 Qualifications: Candidates must have a Ph.D. in-hand by August 1, 2015, clear evidence of research and publication activity, solid evidence of teaching effectiveness, and knowledge of Modern Hebrew. Please see the University of Cincinnati website (   www.uc.edu ), and the Department website (   www.artsci.uc.edu/judaic ) for information about the Department’s programs and projects with faculty in other departments and institutions including experiential learning, travel study, and collaboration with the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, the American Jewish Archives, and the Klau Library. A complete list of the Greater Cincinnati Consortium of Colleges and University may be found at: 
 http://www.uc.edu/registrar/registration/reg_info/cincinnati_consortium.html 
 Application Process and Deadline: Application deadline is Sunday, November 8, 2015. Screening of applications will begin shortly thereafter and will continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the annual meetings of AAR/SBL and AJS. All applications must be submitted online at  https://jobs.uc.edu . Cover letter should address the candidate’s effectiveness and consistency with both the position and the mission of the Department and indicate experience and success with teaching and interacting with culturally diverse populations. Include a current vita, samples of scholarly work, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. Three letters of recommendation should be sent electronically to Matthew Kraus  matthew.kraus@uc.edu  (phone: 513-556-2298) or mailed to Judaic Studies Search Committee C/O Matthew Kraus Dept. of Judaic Studies, University of Cincinnati, PO Box 210169 Cincinnati, OH 45221-0169. For questions, please contact Professor Matthew Kraus, Chair of Search Committee (513) 556-2298 [   matthew.kraus@uc.edu ] 
 The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to the principle of diversity. In that spirit, we seek a broad spectrum of candidates including women, veterans, people with disabilities and people of color. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 20, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Virginia, Jewish Studies Program 
 Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty/Lecturer in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 23, 2016. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Applicants who currently have a permanent appointment elsewhere will hold the visiting rank commensurate with rank at home institution. Applicants who do not have a permanent appointment elsewhere will be eligible for the rank of lecturer. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University. Review of applications will begin on November 2 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through  Jobs@UVa  (   https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0617348. Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter addressed to Professor Alon Confino, Chair, Israel Studies Search, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Julie Garmel at  jg4e@virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 You can always see the most up-to-date version of the H-net ad at:  https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=51753 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobseekers ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew at University of Oklahoma (apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 13, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Hebrew: Five-Year Unranked Renewable Term Appointment 
 University of Oklahoma 
 The University of Oklahoma announces a five-year, unranked, renewable term appointment in Hebrew. Applicants must have an M.A. or Ph.D. in a relevant field in hand at the time of appointment, a native or near-native command of Hebrew, and a demonstrable commitment to excellence in teaching beginning and intermediate Hebrew language and culture. Highest consideration will be given to candidates with a specialization in second language acquisition or applied linguistics. Experience in the coordination and enhancement of Hebrew language instruction will also be considered favorably. The successful candidate will teach six courses per year and coordinate the first and second-year Hebrew language sequence. Salary is competitive. Appointment will begin August 16, 2016. After an initial review of dossiers, interviews will be conducted by Skype. 
 The successful candidate will also be a core member of Schusterman Center for Judaic and Israel Studies which comprises six core faculty and fifteen associated faculty. The Center offers support for conference travel, co-sponsorships for faculty events, student scholarships, and varied intellectual and cultural opportunities within the university and greater Oklahoma City community. 
 Please send a letter of application and a dossier including three professional letters of recommendation (under separate cover), a curriculum vitae, graduate transcripts, and full sets of student teaching evaluations electronically to Dr. Ori Kritz (   okritz@ou.edu ) or in hard copy to: 
 Dr. Kritz, Chair of the Hebrew Search Committee 
 Department of Modern Languages, Literatures and Linguistics 
 780 Van Vleet Oval, Room 202 
 University of Oklahoma 
 Norman, OK 73019. 
 Review of materials will begin November 2, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Women, minorities, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 The University of Oklahoma is an equal opportunity institution  www.ou.edu/eeo . 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Asstt or Assc Prof of Instruction in Modern Hebrew (Northwestern, apply by Nov 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 7, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Assistant or Associate Professor of Instruction in Modern Hebrew 
 
 The Middle East and North African Studies Program (MENA) at Northwestern University, in conjunction with the Jewish Studies Program, invites applications for a member of the teaching-track faculty in Modern Hebrew language at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor of Instruction. This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position starting September 1, 2016. Duties include teaching nine quarter-long language courses. 
 Experience teaching Hebrew in North American higher education settings and native fluency or its equivalent in Hebrew is required. Masters degree in Hebrew language or a closely related area is required; Ph.D. in Hebrew language, literature, or Middle East studies is preferred. Where applicable, candidates should indicate teaching proficiency in other languages offered in Northwestern’s MENA program or in non-modern registers of Hebrew. 
 The MENA Program offers an undergraduate major, a minor, and a PhD certificate program. It features both topics courses in a range of disciplines and a dynamic team of language instructors in Arabic, Hebrew, Persian, and Turkish. The Jewish Studies Program is an interdisciplinary unit that offers courses and curricula for undergraduate and graduate students; it is housed in The Crown Family Center for Jewish and Israel Studies. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of application, CV, teaching portfolio (course syllabi, teaching evaluations), and names and email addresses of three professional references (at least two must be able to comment on the applicant’s teaching abilities) electronically via the MENA website:  http://www.mena.northwestern.edu/people/faculty/faculty-search.html#Hebrew .  For fullest consideration, application materials must be received by  November 1, 2015 . 
 The Program in Middle East and North African Studies is committed to a diverse faculty, in terms of gender, ethnic and racial diversity as understood both in the United States and in the Middle East. We encourage applications from women and ethnic, racial, and religious minorities. 
 AA/EOE. Northwestern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer of all protected classes including veterans and individuals with disabilities. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the United States. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History; University of Warwick (deadline: Aug 17, 2015) 
 Posted on  July 31, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History (75888-075) 
 University of Warwick  - History 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Coventry 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £28,695 to £37,394 per annum 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Contract Type: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 24th July 2015 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 17th August 2015 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 1482949 
 
 
 
 Fixed term contract for 10 months. 
 The Department of History seeks to appoint a full-time Teaching Fellow in Middle Eastern History. You will take seminars on both the first-year undergraduate module ‘Making History’ and the second-year undergraduate module ‘The Ottoman Empire and Europe, 1453-1922’, for a total of nine seminar groups of approximately fourteen students per group. You will also teach occasional lectures for other undergraduate modules as required by the Head of Department and as appropriate to subject knowledge. 
 You will undertake lecturing, seminar teaching, essay tutorials, office hours, marking of undergraduate work, exam invigilation, and monitoring of student attendance in accordance with the Department’s quality assurance practices. You will also act as personal tutor to an assigned group of undergraduate students, providing pastoral support and guidance during the academic year. You will be actively engaged in research in Middle Eastern History, or a comparable field. 
 You will possess experience in undergraduate teaching and subject specialism appropriate for research-led teaching in Middle Eastern History. You should also possess a PhD (or equivalent) in History. 
 All applications must be accompanied by a CV and covering letter. Writing samples may be requested from candidates during the latter stages of the recruitment process and should not be submitted with the initial application. 
 Please direct all informal inquiries to Mr Robert Horton, the History Department Administrator, at  R.S.Horton@warwick.ac.uk . 
 Click here to apply . 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust ; University of Warwick (deadline: Aug 17, 2015) 
 Posted on  July 31, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust (75930-075) 
 University of Warwick  - History 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Coventry 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £28,695 to £37,394 per annum 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Contract Type: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 24th July 2015 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 17th August 2015 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 1482942 
 
 
 
 Fixed term contract for 10 months. 
 The Department of History seeks to appoint a full-time Teaching Fellow in the History of the Holocaust. You will take five seminar groups of approximately fourteen students per group on the first-year undergraduate module ‘Making History’ and you will convene, taking two seminar groups of approximately sixteen students per group, the final-year undergraduate module ‘Reinterpreting the Holocaust: Sexualities, Ethnicity, Class’. You will also teach occasional lectures for other undergraduate modules as required by the Head of Department and as appropriate to subject knowledge. 
 You will undertake lecturing, seminar teaching, essay tutorials, office hours, marking of undergraduate work, exam invigilation, and monitoring of student attendance in accordance with the Department’s quality assurance practices. You will also act as personal tutor to an assigned group of undergraduate students, providing pastoral support and guidance during the academic year. You will be actively engaged in research in the History of the Holocaust, or a comparable field. 
 You will possess experience in undergraduate teaching and subject specialism appropriate for research-led teaching in the History of the Holocaust. You should also possess a PhD (or equivalent) in History. 
 All applications must be accompanied by a CV and covering letter. Writing samples may be requested from candidates during the latter stages of the recruitment process and should not be submitted with the initial application. 
 Please direct all informal inquiries to Mr Robert Horton, the History Department Administrator, at  R.S.Horton@warwick.ac.uk . 
 Click here to apply . 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies (King's College, London) 
 Posted on  July 15, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies 
 Reference:  THW/15/059639/731 
 Salary Details:  £32,277 to £47,328 per annum 
 Allowances:  £2,323 per annum Ldn Allowance 
 Contract Type:  Permanent 
 Contract Term:  Full time 
 Summary: 
 The Institute of Middle Eastern Studies in the Faculty of Social Science & Public Policy is a leading centre of excellence for research, learning and teaching on one of the world’s most challenging, contested and important regions. Our research on the politics, international relations, history, political economy, and culture and society of the Middle East has a global reach, and through innovative research led teaching we train and create a diverse cohort of international post-graduate students who go on to work in and on the region. Our aim is to maintain and enhance our status as a global centre for advancing knowledge and understanding of the challenges the Middle East faces in the twenty first century. Since its inception, the Institute has consistently received the top rating in all research assessment exercises and its academics have established themselves as world leaders in their fields. To strengthen key areas of research and teaching within the Institute we are looking to appoint a full-time scale 6/7 Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies, with a preferable start date of September 2015 but no later than January 2016. 
 Details: 
 The Institute of Middle Eastern Studies welcomes applications from internationally outstanding candidates for the position of Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies. The successful candidate will be trained in some aspect of the political economy, international relations, and/or politics of the Middle East. S/he will have an emerging research portfolio of international standing in Middle Eastern Studies and be able to contribute strongly to teaching and supervision at all three levels. As well as having Middle East area expertise, the successful candidate will be able to teach theory. S/he will teach and supervise BA students and contribute to the full range of the Institute’s clearly defined activities in postgraduate teaching and PhD supervision, research (including grant applications), and administration. 
 Post duration:  Indefinite contract. 
 Salary:  The appointment will be made, dependent on relevant qualifications and experience, within the Grade 6/7 scale, £32,277 - £47,328 (depending upon experience) plus £2,323 London Weighting Allowance, per annum. 
 Contact Information:  To apply for this post you will need to register with the university’s recruitment system, HireWire, to download and submit the application form. Please note, if you are submitting a CV or a short statement these will need to copied and pasted into the application form as part of the same document, as the system only allows you to submit one document. Application forms must also be in word format, not PDF. Please also note, once submitted, your application cannot be edited. 
 Interviews will be held in the first week of September 2015. 
 Equality of opportunity is College policy 
 Closing date:  14 August 2015 
 Click here to register and download the application form: 
 https://www.hirewire.co.uk/HE/1061247/MS_JobDetails.aspx?JobID=63192 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Grants and Fellowships: Various (postdoc, graduate, visiting scholar) at Concordia U (deadlines: April 30 and May 5, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 24, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The  Concordia University   Institute for Canadian Jewish Studies  is glad to announce that  several fellowships  and  awards  are available for the year 2015-2016. Please kindly note that the  submission deadline  is  April 30, 2015 . 
 In addition, we are are pleased to announce that the Institute is offering  financial support  in the form of grants and scholarships in the following categories this year:  graduate and post-doctoral fellowships  as well as  visiting researchers opportunities . Deadline for these is May 5th. 
   
 Click here  for further information on graduate fellowships and awards (deadline: April 30, 2015). 
 Click here  for the graduate fellowship brochure (deadline: May 5, 2015) 
 Click here  for various funding opportunities, including graduate fellowships, postdoctoral fellowships and visiting scholars (deadline: May 5, 2015) 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Graduate Fellowships ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc ,  Scholarship ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Modern Hebrew Instructors, Georgetown University (for Fall 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program for Jewish Civilization (PJC) and the Division of Eastern Mediterranean Languages (EML) of Georgetown University seek instructors to teach Modern Hebrew language, starting in the fall 2015 term. 
 Applicants should hold an advanced degree (in Hebrew language, literature, or linguistics) and/or have extensive Hebrew language teaching experience. Selected instructors will be asked to work within the parameters of an existing Hebrew language curriculum. 
 To apply, please email a letter of application and current CV  to  upload.Hebrew_.hsa10ahikv@u.box.com . 
 Inquiries can be directed to  202-687-4245  or  cjcinfo@georgetown.edu 
 Georgetown University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer fully dedicated to achieving a diverse faculty and staff. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability or other categories protected by law. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Three-year, Modern Hebrew Language, Middlebury (apply by May 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Middlebury College is seeking an instructor for a three-year term position in Modern Hebrew Language, beginning September 2015. The successful candidate will teach courses in intermediate Hebrew and direct students' independent Hebrew studies. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and experience in teaching Hebrew at the college level are required. Candidates should provide evidence of commitment to excellent teaching. 
 Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly diverse student body. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability. 
 Review of applications will begin on May 1, 2015  , and continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Middlebury College uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted.  Through Interfolio, please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation  , at least two of which speak to teaching ability. More information at:  apply.interfolio.com/29346 . Other questions should be addressed to Tamar Mayer, Modern Hebrew Program Chair ( mayer@middlebury.edu ) *Offers of employment are contingent on completion of a background check. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Lecturer of Modern Hebrew and Middle Eastern Studies, UT Austin (deadline: March 6, 2015) 
 Posted on  February 11, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Texas at Austin || Department of Middle Eastern Studies 
 JOB POSTING: LECTURER OF MODERN HEBREW AND MIDDLE EASTERN STUDIES, beginning fall 2015 
 Job Description: 
 The Department of Middle Eastern Studies in the College of Liberal Arts at The University of Texas at Austin invites applications for a lecturer position in Modern Hebrew and Middle Eastern studies starting in fall 2015. Applicants must have superior proficiency in Modern Hebrew and an MA or PhD in Middle Eastern studies or a related field. Applicants should have a record of excellence in teaching language and culture at the university level. Responsibilities include teaching Modern Hebrew language courses at all levels, including advanced content courses, as well as large survey courses or seminars in Middle Eastern or Israel studies. The regular teaching load will comprise of 9-12 hours each semester. Security sensitive position; background check conducted on applicant selected. 
 Applicant Instructions: 
 The application deadline is 6 March 2015. Applicants should submit a letter of interest, curriculum vitae, three original letters of reference, and a teaching portfolio that includes a statement of teaching philosophy, a sample syllabus for a content course in Modern Hebrew or Israel studies, and student evaluations via Interfolio at  http://apply.interfolio.com/28757 . Please direct any questions to Denise Beachum at  denise.beachum@austin.utexas.edu . 
 Posted in  Jobs  |  Tagged  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
