Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Content Creator 
 FCB Global 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you an innovative creative professional with the passion to bring brand messaging to life? Do you want an opportunity to build your portfolio with a Production Studio that believes in the power of creative solutions? Do you have interest in DIY culture and content? 
 If you answered yes to all or most of the questions above, then you are in luck! FCB Canada and fuelcontent is looking for a Social Content Creator, this is an opportunity to work with a creative team with the right mix of entrepreneurial spirit and hunger! 
 Job purpose: 
The Social Content Creator will work with the Social Content Writer, Jr. Social Content Creator, and creative teams to create effective and compelling content that brings brand messaging to life across multiple media channels. This individual needs to have strong technical skills and be comfortable shooting and editing.The Social Content Creator is passionate and optimistic about doing great things but is grounded and experienced enough to push through challenges. 
 Duties and responsibilities: 
 
 Ideate, pitch and contribute ideas and concepts and work with FCB Canada creative teams to plan video and photography production based on client approved concepts. 
 Execute video or photography production and completion. 
 Work with freelance crew, external vendors and/or internal resources. 
 Collaborate with team members to ensure the production of high-quality work. 
 Open to accepting feedback understand the client’s needs and finding creative solutions to meet those needs. 
 Take advantage of all video and photography production techniques to make each channel as creative as possible. 
 Stay up-to-date (and ahead!) on new social media trends and best practices; monitor competitors and other social media leaders to see how they are creating unique, relevant content for their audiences. 
 Manage and mentor direct reports to better understand and execute the approved creative and to develop their creative skills. 
 Review of the work through the production process to ensure accuracy of the finished product. 
 Identify any process issues or improvements. 
 Adherence to company processes including Health &Safety. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Qualifications: 
 Education: 
University or college degree in video or film production, visual communication, new media or equivalent work. 
 Key Hard Skills: 
 
 Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite (Premiere, After Effects, Photoshop and Lightroom). 
 Experience using photo and video hardware and software, including DSLR cameras, mobile phones, lenses, editing systems, lighting and sound-recording. 
 
 Job Knowledge and Experience: 
 
 1-2 years production experience, from storyboarding to filming, editing to post-production. 
 Portfolio that demonstrates a range of experience in social media content with a focus on video and visual problem-solving, in a fast-paced, deadline-driven, results-driven environment. 
 Proven experience working with social networks and platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and content delivery on these platforms 
 Experience with retail clients an asset. 
 
 Key Performance Skills: 
 
 Demonstrated knowledge of digital videography and photography, advanced photographic and video techniques, and professional quality standards. 
 Ability to work under tight deadlines and fast-paced environments. 
 Ability to work with speed and efficiency. 
 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Ontario-Toronto 
 Job:  Media 
 Organization:  Fuel 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
