Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housing Worker 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - S103943242 
Posting Date - Nov 20, 2020 
Closing Date - Nov 30, 2020 
 Position Type - Full Time - Operating Funded 
Salary Range - $32,032 to $42,234 per year 
Grade - 02 
Hours - 37.5 
 This position offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at Faculty & Staff Benefits. 
 The Housing Worker provides cleaning, housekeeping, and motel/hotel services for students in residence, university summer conference guests, and conference guest suites. 
 This competition is open to all applicants however internal candidates and applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months will be given priority consideration before external candidates. This posting may be used to fill multiple positions. 
 Duties 
 Removes garbage from common areas and washrooms, floors, etc. 
Provide maintenance to hard floor and carpeted surfaces by stripping, waxing, bonnet buffing, shampooing, extracting, and performing spot removal 
vacuums and cleans all surfaces of hallways, stairwells, lounges, and lobbies walls, including furniture 
Performs heavy lifting and moving, such as rearranging and moving furniture for deep cleaning 
Removes biohazards, sanitizes contaminated areas, and cleans up vandalism as required 
Cleans and sanitizes washrooms and service centers including sinks, shower stalls, floors, bathtubs, stoves, countertops, outside of refrigerators, freezers and cabinets, etc. 
Cleans vacated student residence rooms as required 
Reports safety and maintenance concerns (e.g. broken equipment, potential injury and health hazards, damage to property, vandalism, and graffiti) 
Provides hotel/motel service during the Summer Conference Season which includes: cleaning guests rooms on a daily basis, supplying towels and linens, cleaning common areas, and washes and folds bed linen, blankets, and towels 
Provides leadership to summer staff 
Responsible for carpet cleaning and floor stripping/refinishing 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum Grade 10; High School Diploma preferred 
Strong knowledge and experience in cleaning chemicals, stain removal, floor care, and equipment 
Previous experience in a related custodial field 
Minimum 2 years of experience in floor care and equipment which includes carpet extraction, stain removal, buffing, stripping, waxing, etc. 
Completion of WHMIS, Biohazard Clean Up, and Safety and Fire Extinguisher training preferred 
Good working knowledge of verbal and written English 
Ability to work independently and in direct contact with a variety of customers 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
