
 __ 
 __ 
 
 FAQs 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Contact 
 
  __ 
 
 HOME 
  SHOP 
 
 Mart Products 
 
 Smartphone 
 
 Earphones 
 Headphones 
 Microphone 
 Phone Accessories 
 
 
 Apple 
 
 Ipad-Iphone 
 
 
 Computer 
 
 Computer Accessories 
 Laptop 
 Laptop Accessories 
 
 
 
 
 Stack Products 
 
 Accessories 
 
 Car Accessories 
 Fitness Accessories 
 Golf Accessoriess 
 Home Accessories 
 Men Accessories 
 
 
 Tech Accessories 
 
 Adapter 
 Air Conditioner 
 Camera 
 Charger 
 Coffee Maker 
 
 
 
 
 Apps + Software 
 
 Apps 
 Software 
 Software Program 
 
 
 Courses 
 
 Buy Cheap Courses 
 
 
 
 
 AFFILIATE PROGRAM 
 MEDICAL NEWS 
 NEWS TRENDS 
 CARRERS 
 REAL STATE 
 RETIREMENT 
 
 
 My Account 
  __ 
 Product has been added to your cart. 
 California Career Education Association 
 The California Career Education Association (CCEA) is a non-profit, public benefit corporation that was organized for public and charitable purposes of providing leadership for career education. The California Career Education Association promotes and articulates career education goals at all levels of education and among all support organizations and agencies. 
 The California Career Education Association also collaborates with business, industry, governmental organizations, and the community in the implementation of career education. They provide forums for discussion of excellent career education practices, concerns, and strategies, as well as communicate and disseminate efficient career education products and practices. 
 The CCEA gives leadership in improving the principles of professional services in the field of career education and serves as a voice of career education in guidance, instruction, and community shared work. This association also grants recognitions, awards, and honor for especially commendable performance, and provide communication and harmonization of career education activities. 
 California Career Education Association members benefits include Professional Affiliation, Grant Awards, Presidential Awards, Career center Awards, Eight Regional Directors as a Communications Network, Regional Action Seminars, and CCEA Newsletter. The membership requirements in joining the association include must be a career educator at all levels of education (administrators, instructors/teachers, counselors, career center technicians, ROP staff, and work experience coordinators), and business, industry and labor representatives. Individual membership fee is $30 which includes subscription to CCEA Newsletter, eligibility for CCEA grants, and all other membership benefits. Organizational membership fee is $75 which includes three people and an additional $20 for each added organizational member and includes all membership benefits. 
 CCEA conducts annual conferences and the 2005 conference where conference attendees appreciated the exhibitors and the information they provided. Included topics of the conference were of Health Careers and Paths, Using Career Information resources, Transferable Skills, How to Have a Career day at High Schools, Setting Up a Career Center, and a lot more of important topics. However, for this year of 2006, the California Career Education Association will not be able to conduct a conference but they have chosen to work with the International Career Development Conference (ICDC). The ICDC offers a five-day career focused conference for CCEA members with attendees from throughout the US. The conference will be held in Santa Clara on November 1-5, 2006, with full day programs with world-renown speakers in addition to three days of breakout sessions and tours of local area employers. 
 The California Career Education Association is a supporter for constant development of career education throughout the state of California and is organized and operated exclusively for charitable purposes and shall not participate or intervene in any political campaign in behalf of any candidates. The main office of CCEA for its transaction of business is located in the City of Ceres, County of Stanislaus, State of California. 
 Related 
 Leave a Feedback  Cancel reply 
 Treding Post 
 
 10 Reasons to Use Web Push Notifications in e-commerce site 
 How do I make money with Pinterest? 
 LifePoints review and presentation of the survey site 
 3 Ways Making money from Facebook: how do you do it? 
 Bodybuilding Forums: Building Bodies, Talking Buddies 
 
 Products 
 
  BLENDi Pro 18oz Portable Blender   $69.99 
  Inertia Spherical Designer Snow Goggle   $39.95 
  C51 Gen2 SuperSpeed+ USB-C 10Gbps Adapter   $49.99 
  3ft Magnetic Fidget Cable (White/USB to Lightning/3-Pack)   $46.99 
  The Collapsible Umbrella (Gray)   $59.00 
 
 [sibwp_form id=1] 
 WFHLJ Shop and COVID-19 service updates. You may experience shipping delays. Learn More Here 
 __ 
 Сonsultation 
 Our team of sales managers and specialists will be happy to help you find the right products and offers 
 __ 
 Shipping& Payments 
 We accept payments through online payment systems, credit cards and bank transfers 
 __ 
 Newsletter 
 Be the first to know about upcoming sales, new collections and special offers 
 Please enter a valid email address. 
 Subscribe 
 LET US HELP 
 
 Contact 
 About Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Join The Shop Club 
 
 INFORMATION 
 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 OUR STORE 
 
 My Account 
 Cart 
 Checkout 
 My Wishlist 
 
 __ 
 info@workfromhomelegitjob.com 
 MORE 
 
 Our Blog 
 Our Shop 
 All Products 
 WFH Ideas 
 Successful Online Businesses 
 
 306 Vine St, #7 ST, Claude, TX, 79019, USA © 2020  WFHLJ  by Jimmyfresh 
 Menu 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use this site, you agree with it.  Privacy Policy 
 Ok 
