MiracleWorkers - the #1 site for Healthcare jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-OH-Findlay 
 Posted:  1/1/2021 
 Closing:  1/31/2021 
 Degree:  Not Specified 
 Employment Type:  Per Diem 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 Surgical Technician (FT, PT, or PRN) 
 Blanchard Valley Hospital 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Surgical-Technician--FT--PT--or-PRN-/J3Q5KN6QK26R7SVLGYJ 
 Job description 
 PURPOSE OF THIS POSITION 
 The Surgical Technician prepares and maintains a sterile field during surgical procedures, passes instruments to the surgeon and performs basic level assisting duties. Provide all supplies, equipment and instruments for assigned procedures, can serve as a second circulator, assist in monitoring use and ordering of supplies, function as preceptor, participate in cleaning of rooms, and equipment, and assist in meeting any other department needs. 
 JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Duty 1: Demonstrates flexibility in use of instrumentation and equipment in order to adapt to the changing needs of the patient. 
 Duty 2: Supports the implementation of clinical changes and evidence based practices. 
 Duty 3: Demonstrates knowledge of care standards that reflect the professional and JACHO guidelines for care and recognizes personal accountability for the guidelines. 
 Duty 4: Maintains appropriate isolation techniques and procedures in accordance with universal precautions to maintain a clean and safe work environment. 
 Duty 5: Demonstrates cost effective awareness and practices efficient non wasteful use of supplies and equipment. 
 Duty 6: Assumes an active role in keeping informed regarding changes in policy, procedure and equipment. 
 Duty 7: Tailors care to meet the age specific and developmentally appropriate patient needs 
 Duty 8: Demonstrates and understanding of proper body mechanics while working with instrumentation and setting up cases. 
 Duty 9: Assures patient’s rights to confidentiality of care and treatment. 
 ** REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS  ** 
 
 A minimum of one of the following: a Graduate of a Surgical Technician school, military trained, or a licensed LPN with surgical technologist experience required. 
 Surgery experience 
 BCLS certified 
 Continuing education to remain competent in current standards of practice. 
 This position requires On-call duties which would require that you arrive at the facility within 30 minutes after being contacted by hospital personnel. 
 Positive service-oriented interpersonal and communication skills. 
 Individual must be able to demonstrate the knowledge and skills necessary to provide care appropriate to the age of the patient served on his/her assigned unit / department. The individual must demonstrate knowledge of the principles of growth and development over the life span. Possess the ability to assess data reflective of the patient status and interpret the appropriate information needed to identify each patient's requirements relative to their age-specific needs and to provide the care needed as described in the area's policies and procedures. 
 
 PHYSICAL DEMANDS 
 This position requires a full range of body motion with intermittent activities in sitting, walking, lifting, bending, squatting, climbing, kneeling, twisting and standing. The associate must be able to lift 50 pounds. The individual must have excellent eye/hand coordination with the ability to grasp, push and pull, finger dexterity and fine manipulation. The associate must be able to reach work above the shoulder, and be able to use foot controls. This position requires corrected vision and hearing in the normal range. The associate must have excellent verbal skills to communicate with patients, physicians, and co-workers. 
 This position is classified at risk for possible occupational exposure to bloodborne pathogens. (HBV, HIV, etc.). 
 ** BVHS  PRN 
 Job requirements 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Surgical-Technician--FT--PT--or-PRN-/J3Q5KN6QK26R7SVLGYJ 
