Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Interview references  / What Does It Mean If a Job You Interviewed for Is Checking Your References? 
 What Does It Mean If a Job You Interviewed for Is Checking Your References? 
 By  Ronnie Ann   359 Comments 
 If an employer is checking your references, does it mean you got the job?  Not necessarily. 
 Does it mean you are the only one they are considering? _No. Although you might be. 
_ 
 Does it mean they are close to making an offer?  Maybe. 
 So what exactly does checking your references mean? 
 Basically, all you can know for sure is that it means the company is interested in you. And they want to know more about how others see you -- especially former employers / bosses / supervisors. 
 Usually, when a company starts checking your references, if the references are good you will get an offer. But there are times when they have more than one candidate that they are strongly considering. 
 So they are using the references to help them decide. And you might not be their final choice. But you could be. 
 Why you  might  not get the job after all 
 Well, they may not like what they hear from the references. Or they may not get enough information to resolve any doubts they have. And so they could offer it to someone else.  Or decide to continue advertising  and / or interviewing without turning you down yet. 
 Then again, they may get glowing reviews and still wind up going with someone else for any number of reasons. These are things you cannot control.  Things that go on behind the scenes . 
 And they don't reflect on your value to another employer. Or even your potential value to that company, as awful as it feels to be rejected. (One reason to ** write a polite thank you note . **And stay in touch just in case.) 
 But usually checking your references means… 
 Usually, if a company has reached the point of checking your references and your references are good, it probably means that you will be getting an offer soon. Most employers lean toward not wanting to hurt your chances. And even helping if they can. 
 Exceptions to that could be that the situation ended on a really sour note. Or you did something truly illegal. But even then, employers watch carefully what they say during reference checks so as not to be sued. 
 Still, odds are that having your references checked will soon bring some happy news. I hope that's the case for you. 
 Good luck! 
 EXTRA: About Those References 
 Job References: Sample Reference Page (with Notes) 
 Job References: What If Former Bosses Don’t Work There Any More 
 They Want Supervisor References. Are These OK? 
 What Is a Reference Checker? 
 [Post updated 2020] 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 More posts to help 
 How to Tell If a Job Interview Went Well 
 Why Does It Take So Long After Your Interview? 
 After the Job Interview: Why Haven’t They Called Me Yet? 
 12 Ways to Stay Sane After a Job Interview 
 Stuck in the Waiting Game After 2nd Interview 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 After an Interview: Weekly Follow Up Calls and Emails 
 How Often Should I Call an Employer After My Interview? 
 So What Really Happens After a Job Interview? 
 Should You Send a Post-Interview Thank You? [Sample] 
 Interview Nerves: Should I Apologize for Nerves in My Thank You Letter? 
 Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Interview references  Tagged With:  References 
 Comments 
 
 ido says 
 
 April 29, 2015 at 11:15 am 
 hello, 
 I had an interview with gov, at the end of the interview one of the managers followed me as I was leaving the building and indicated I did extremely amazing. There was another manager in the interview/evaluation with whom I worked with in previous contract, he is been trying to get me on their team. He also thinks I did amazing job while working there. After the interview they called 2 of my 3 references and both references gave glowing reviews. Does this mean I will get the job? I hate waiting lol 
 thanks 
 Reply 
 * Susan P. Joyce says
 
 May 6, 2015 at 3:24 pm 
 Hello ido, 
 Everyone hates the waiting game, but that's how things work, anyway. 
 Hard to tell whether or not you will get the job. It depends on how much influence your allies have with the decision-maker in this process and how well the references were received. 
 Hope it works out for you, but keep looking anyway. Until you have accepted a written job offer, you haven't been hired, yet. 
 Good luck with your job search! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 
 Amy says 
 
 May 7, 2014 at 8:59 pm 
 Hi Susan, 
 I had an interview with a company for a summer internship about 3 weeks ago. A week after the interview, they changed my applicant status from "interviewing" to "we like your work and can see you fitting in well. we are reviewing your details" 
 It's been almost 2 weeks since they made that update but I haven't heard anything. What do you think that means? Should I follow up with them? 
 Thanks, 
Amy 
 Reply 
 
 Gen says 
 
 March 4, 2014 at 1:08 am 
 Hi Susan 
 I had an interview for a job 2 weeks ago with two partners and the HR Manager. It was for a position I heard about by word of mouth, and had not been publically advertised. The partners both really liked me, and said they would let me know their decision by early/mid following week. They also called my references a couple of hours after my interview. I followed up with thank you emails to everyone, and was warmly replied to by everyone I had emailed (one partner even said he would follow up with HR and that it would be great to have me at the firm). 
 I then received an email from HR mid week saying the partners had not made a decision on my application this week, and they would let me know next week. Shortly after sending this, they publically advertised the job for the first time. Am I out of the running, or do I still have a shot? I initially thought I'm out but could it be that they just want to see what else is out there as they haven't publically advertised? 
 Cheers 
 Reply 
 * Susan P. Joyce says
 
 March 5, 2014 at 9:35 am 
 Hi Gen, 
 This doesn't feel like it's going in the right direction, particularly advertising the job. But it's very hard to tell. 
 It does feel like PERHAPS something happened - one of the references shared something that made one of them nervous or one of them is a little uncomfortable about something (human "chemistry" is tricky but important). Hard to tell. 
 Or everything could be fine, and they feel like they are crazy not to advertise the opportunity to see if the 150% perfect candidate is out there waiting to be found. 
 Get back in touch with them AFTER next week if you haven't heard from them. 
 And keep job hunting! 
 Good luck with your job search! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
