  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Bristol,UK 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Clinical Lead 
 Excellent job opening for a Registered Clinical Lead Nurse to work with one of the UK's leading healthcare provider. 
 As a Clinical Lead  you will be working in highly reputable service within the Bishopsworth, Bristol. 
 As a Clinical Lead Nurse you have responsibility for leading a team of nursing staff to ensure the delivery of an excellent standard of care, which promotes independence and dignity and positively enhances the lives of individuals in our care. 
 **The successful candidate will be offered an excellent salary of £16.40 per hour plus other benefits.  ** 
 Key Accountabilities 
 1.Ensure the delivery of quality care - continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. 
 2.Champion independence and personal choice - develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. 
 3.Build the positive reputation of the home and unit - liaise professionally with visitors, including family, friends and other external stakeholders. 
 4.Ensure compliance with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines - risks are proactively managed and issues identified, investigated and resolved. 
 5.Oversee all aspects of medicine management - ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. 
 6.Conduct care audits - monitor standards of care and take corrective action where appropriate. 
 7.Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. 
 8.Take an active role in training for the team of nurses, working in conjunction with the training resources of the company to ensure that nursing staff are kept up to date with current practices and research led developments. 
 
 Key Skills and Behaviours 
 
 
     The ability to lead a team
 
 
 
     The candidate must be a General Nurse, with clinical knowledge on administering medicine and especially on wound care
 
 
 
     Numerate and literate with the ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing
 
 
 
     Understands and effectively uses IT and communication systems required for the role
 
 
 
     Able to analyse problems and propose solutions
 
 
 
     Sensitive to and respectful of the values, views and needs of others
 
 
 
     Able to effectively prioritise workload
 
 
 
     Ability to develop internal and external business relationships based on mutual respect and professionalism
 
 
 
     Ability to work under pressure whilst motivating their team
 
 
 
     Identifies and suggests ideas to improve their area of work and is willing to make new ways of working a success
 
 
 
     Encourages knowledge sharing and best practice
 
 
 
 Key Experience and Knowledge 
 
 
     Experience of delivering nursing care within elderly health care sector
 
 
 
     People Management experience
 
 
 
     Experience of participating in quality and clinical governance programmes, including audit and care services
 
 
 
 Reference ID: 3587 
 If you are a registered nurse with experience managing a team, then please call Peter Fit  on 01216380567 or send your CV to contact@jupiterrecruitment.co.uk  **** 
 
 
 Location:  Bristol,UK 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3587 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-23 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Commissioning Home Manager 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered Nurse (RGN, RMN or RNLD) 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered Care Home Manager 
 Deputy Manager 
 Registered Manager 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
