Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CHRISTMAS HELP (PLACE LONGUEUIL) 
 Boutique La Vie En Rose 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Founded in 1985, La Vie en Rose has distinguished itself as a Canadian leader in the field of lingerie and jerseys with more than 3,000 employees. The company has more than 230 stores across Canada, and our ultimate goal is to make you feel beautiful and comfortable in our lingerie and swimsuits and provide you with outstanding customer service. In addition, since 2006 we have entered the international market and our brand is now represented in 18 countries. 
At La Vie en Rose, employees are the most important asset of the company. It is important for us that employees feel appreciated in their work. That's why we encourage in-house promotions and offer the best possible training to our employees so that they all develop a long and beautiful career at La Vie en Rose. 
 The Purpose of the Role Under the supervision of the store’s management team, the sales associate is responsible for answering customer’s expectations and needs in a fast and courteous manner, while maximizing sales potential. Job Description • Cordially greet every customer; • Answer customer’s questions and advise them on (features, benefits, advantages, quality and materials of the merchandise) and recommend complementary products; • Offer good fitting room service with discretion; • Reach and exceed personal sales objectives; • Prepare, place and identify merchandise (reception, price tags, sizing, displays…); • Ensure the cleanliness of the store and back store; • Stay informed of new products and their technicalities; • Execute the payment transactions of the sales and prepare gift wrappings; • Follow all company policies and procedures in all areas of security and loss prevention; • Execute all other related jobs. 
Requirements • Sales experience; • Passion for sales and fashion; • Bilingual; • Result oriented and attentive to needs; • Proactive et diplomatic; • Capable of working in a constantly evolving environment. 
 The information on this site is for information purposes only and is not intended to have legal consequences. La Vie en Rose is committed to employment equity. La Vie en Rose has put in place an adaptation process that provides accommodation for selected candidates for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
