Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 shift supervisor - Store# 04221, VILLAGE GREEN 
 Starbucks 
 __Vernon, BC 
 Apply Now 
 As a Starbucks Shift Supervisor, you will assist the store manager in executing store operations during scheduled shifts. As a team lead, you will deploy partners and delegate tasks to create the Starbucks Experience for our customers by providing legendary customer service with prompt service, quality beverages and products, and maintaining a clean and comfortable store environment. You will be responsible for modeling and acting in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles and best of all, you’ll be part of a company that is consistently rated as a great place to work and the people here love what they do. 
 Summary of Key Responsibilities 
 Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: 
 Acts with integrity, honesty and knowledge that promote the culture, values and mission of Starbucks. 
Maintains a calm demeanor during periods of high volume or unusual events to keep store operating to standard and to set a positive example for the shift team. 
Anticipates customer and store needs by constantly evaluating environment and customers for cues. 
Communicates information to manager so that the team can respond as necessary to create the Third Place environment during each shift. 
Assists with new partner training by positively reinforcing successful performance and giving respectful and encouraging coaching as needed. 
Provides feedback to store manager on partner performance during shift. 
Contributes to positive team environment by recognizing alarms or changes in partner morale and performance and communicating them to the store manager. 
Creates a positive learning environment by providing clear, specific, timely and respectful coaching and feedback to partners on shift to ensure operational excellence and to improve partner performance. 
Delivers legendary customer service to all customers by acting with a customer comes first attitude and connecting with the customer. 
Discovers and responds to customer needs. 
Develops positive relationships with shift team by understanding and addressing individual motivation, need and concerns. 
Executes store operations during scheduled shifts. 
Organizes opening and closing duties as assigned. 
Follows Starbucks operational policies and procedures, including those for cash handling and safety and security, to ensure the safety of all partners during each shift. 
Follows all cash management and cash register policies and ensures proper cash management practices are followed by shift team. 
Follows up with baristas during the shift to ensure the delivery of legendary customer service for all customers. 
Maintains regular and consistent attendance and punctuality. 
Provides quality beverages, whole bean, and food products consistently for all customers by adhering to all recipe and presentation standards. 
Follows health, safety and sanitation guidelines for all products. 
Recognizes and reinforces individual and team accomplishments by using existing organizational tools and by collaborating with store manager to find new, creative, and effective methods of recognition. 
Utilizes operational tools to achieve operational excellence during the shift. 
 Summary of Experience 
 Customer service experience in a retail or restaurant environment 
 Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities 
 Ability to direct the work of others 
Ability to learn quickly 
Effective oral communication skills 
Knowledge of the retail environment 
Strong interpersonal skills 
Ability to work as part of a team 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
