
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Simple Habit (W17) 
 Simple Habit is the Netflix of meditation. The company has the world's largest curated library of 5 minute meditations, designed for different situations and moods. Try three months free @ https://www.simplehabit.com/redeem/YCFOUNDERS 
 People Operations Intern 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Simple Habit 
 Founded in 2016, Simple Habit is now ranked #1 for meditation on iTunes and featured on Shark Tank, Forbes, Business Insider, HuffPost, and more. We are backed by Y Combinator, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and many other prominent CEOs in Silicon Valley. 
 Simple Habit is a 5-minute meditation app for busy people. Designed by top meditation teachers, Simple Habit offers more than 1,000 guided meditations for any situation and mood — including before sleep, taking a work break, commuting, and more. Simple Habit is on a mission to empower humans to stress less and live better. Download Simple Habit for free on iOS, Android or visit our site to learn more about our team:  www.simplehabit.com 
 About the role 
 Simple Habit, a San Francisco based mental wellness start-up, is looking for a self-motivated problem solver with a positive attitude to be our People Operations Intern! This role is a hybrid between recruiting, office management and administrative work. Our ideal candidate has high attention to detail, excellent communication skills, and a proactive approach to tackling issues. 
 Must Have: Pursuing a bachelor or masters degree in any related field Passion for people and ability to proactively “get things done” in a fast paced environment Creative mindset to solve issues and to embrace changes Excellent time management, multitasking and prioritization skills Detail oriented with strong organizational and planning skills Excellent interpersonal communication skills. Positive approach to problems and a can-do attitude around getting things done 
 Nice to Have: 1+ years of office experience as an admin, customer care associate or schedule coordinator Knowledge of Office Management responsibilities, systems and procedures Advanced skills in Office suite – Excel, Word - but also Mac iOS programs Experience with Slack Experience with Lever Responsibilities: 
 This internship will be anywhere from 20-25 hours a week/long-term (ideally a year long commitment). You will report to our Recruiting and People Operations Manager Sourcing, scheduling and owning initial stages of recruiting process Own our CEO and Head of Product’s calendar (scheduling, etc.) Own, plan and run team events & virtual HH’s Coordinate team birthdays, anniversaries and other celebrations Help HR with on-boarding/off-boarding process Manage and resolve office requests Be go-to person for all things “office management” Ad hoc team requests 
 If you’re qualified and interested, please reach send your resume and answers to the following questions to  [email protected] : 
 
 If you are currently in school, when do you graduate? 
 When can you start working? 
 What is the MAX amount of hours you can dedicate a week? 
 Why are you a fit for this role? 
 
 Looking forward to hearing from you! 
 Technology 
 Frontend: Swift for iOS, Kotlin for Android, and React for Web; Backend: Node.JS and Python, with MongoDB being our database 
 Other jobs at Simple Habit 
 Full Stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San francisco, CA 
 Full Stack 
 $130k - $160k 
 6+ years 
 People Operations Intern 
 intern 
 / Remote 
 Sophomore and above 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
