Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Elementary Teacher Librarian 
 Posted on  June 21, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 6.20.17 -  Elementary Teacher Librarian 
Australian International School, Singapore 
 Sarah P 's comments : Overall good reviews and good salary although Singapore, while fascinating, is a very expensive place to live. 
 
 
 
 Salary 
 S$60,826 – S$75,784 depending on experience level 
 
 
 
 
 
 Australian International School  has a vision to be known internationally as an institution which represents educational excellence in all aspects of its operation. Our school philosophy commits us fully to the notion of a holistic, rounded education, which cherishes the arts and sports as well as academics as essential dimensions of each student’s education. 
 The position of Teacher Librarian have a dual role as both teachers and information specialists. They have a key role to play in the development of information literacy and in building a culture of reading in the Elementary School. The teacher librarian’s flexibility and positive response to change will directly influence the success of collaboration between the library and classroom teachers. 
 The successful applicant will have a strong understanding of the needs of primary (Prep-Year 5) education, with a specific focus on either Prep-Year 2 (Lower Elementary) or Year 3-5 (Upper Elementary). He/she will have the capacity to achieve excellence in the delivery of a high quality education aligned with the School’s Mission, Vision and Values delivered via the International Baccalaureate’s Primary Years Programme. 
 AIS welcomes the right candidate to join our AIS team in the Elementary School commencing in  January 2018 . 
 The ideal candidate for this role must have the following skills, experience and qualifications: 
 
 A minimum four year recognised teaching qualification including a Bachelor’s Degree and Teaching Diploma or a Bachelor of Education 
 A Post-Graduate qualification in Librarianship or related field would be an advantage 
 A minimum of 3 years FT teaching experience in a recognised educational institution 
 Experience in working in a school library 
 Experience of working with the IB PYP, or Experience of working in a collaborative teaching and learning environment within an Elementary School 
 Excellent communication skills, multi-tasking and time management 
 Ability to work as a part of a team and an interest in participating in the wider school community 
 
 We are offering attractive salary and benefit packages to successful candidates. 
 Further information about this position is available in the attached job description. Only applications submitted using the school's application form will be considered. Please submit your completed application form, cover letter and CV by  Sunday 9th July 2017, 23 59 (UK Time) . 
 Please provide the following supporting documentation as well as completing our application form: 
 
 CV or Resume (max 2 side of A4) 
 Cover Letter (max 1 side of A4) 
 
 ( PDF Job Description  available for download on TESjobs) 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Asia ,  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  International School Librarians ,  International School Libraries ,  International Schools ,  Singapore  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
