Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Librarian Supervisor 
 Posted on  March 29, 2016  by   sarahgprescott 
 3.28.16 -  Librarian Supervisor NF-1410-04 
Marine Corps Community Services (MCCS), Iwakuni, Japan 
 Sarah P’s comments  :  USA Citizens only . This is actually a long application window for USAJobs. If interested and eligible you need to apply ASAP because you first have to create a profile and this step can take 2-3 days to be processed and approved. Only then can you apply for the position. For more information about applying for international US Government positions please see the  Chapter 7 Resources  of my  Traveling Librarian  book. 
 Closes Friday 4/8/2016 
Salary Range: $49,000 to $54,000 / Per Year 
Series & Grade: NF-1410-04/04 
 Summary 
 Marine Corps Community Services (MCCS) is looking for the best and brightest to join our Team! MCCS is a comprehensive program that supports and enhances the quality of life for Marines, their families, and others in the Marine Corps Community. We offer a team oriented environment comprised of military personnel, civilian employees, contractors and volunteers who keep the organization functioning smoothly and effectively. As a service-oriented organization, we never waver in our commitment to our Corps. 
 SPECIAL NOTE: This position is an overseas assignment tour of duty which may include the following benefits: Transportation Agreement, LQA/ BOQ, Post Allowance, Annual Leave, and Sick Leave, 401 K) Retirement Plan, Medical, Dental and Life Insurance. 
 NAF Pension Plan that is portable to other qualified government agencies. (may be eligible to buy back military service time) 
International medical and dental insurance (on/off base) 
Short Term Disability Insurance up to 60% of your salary. 
Up to $ 10,000 a year for tuition Assistance up to graduate level. 
Leave Donation Program for life's emergencies. 
Professional training and development curriculum in technology and leadership 
 ** MAJOR DUTIES:  **Responsible for oversight of the professional functions of the library system; children's services, reference, and technical services. Accomplished through performance and/or supervision of the professional staff. Responsible for developing new library mission to support academic, education and professional military education of Marines. Responsible for planning and conducting base-wide library services programming for children and teens. Selects new and replacement resources for children's collections in order to develop libraries that meet the needs of children and their parents. Maintains effective working partnerships with other children's librarians in the area, and selecting resources for providing technical support to a librarian by performing a wide variety of tasks, which furnish direct services to the public as well as indirect technical services. Checks library materials in and out at the main circulation desk. Verifies that customers are authorized to use the facility. Registers new customers, issues library cards, and files applications. Explains library rules, regulations, circulation procedures, and entitlements to library customers. Accepts payments for lost or damaged materials and makes appropriate entries in accountability log, and prepares receipts. Takes requests for reserves and inter/intra library loans, and periodically checks to see that requests are filled. Keeps current record of overdue materials in either a manual or automated system and may contact borrowers by telephoning or by issuing overdue notices. Accurately compiles and records statistics on library usage such as book circulation, attendance, computer searches, reference questions, etc. Assists customers in locating and utilizing library departments, catalogs, directories, indexes, files, and standard reference materials. Locates items through the Interlibrary Loan (ILL) system and requests materials for library customers. Assist librarian with cataloging duties. 
 The incumbent acts in the absence of the Lifelong Learning Branch Manager to approve leave of all Branch employees and attend meetings on behalf of the manager. Performs a variety of general office and clerical tasks in support of library operation. Types reports, overdue notices, letters, bills, book orders, in accordance with specific instructions. Arranges and files items in subject and chronological order where file coding is readily clear. Picks up, sorts, and distributes mail accurately and within established time frames. 
 Plans, organizes work, and manages internal procedures and resources to ensure maximum productivity and economies. Prepares internal office financial plans and related records and reports, and exercises authority on approved budget. Monitors programs on a regular basis, and initiates corrective action to ensure support of operating programs of MCCS. Manages new property resources and may provide direction on facility renovations and improvements. Develops long range plans in conjunction with internal operating directives. Must be alert to substance abuse and take appropriate action. Effectively supports the Marine Corps Equal Employment Opportunity and Sexual Harassment policies, and ensures compliance with fire, safety, and other environmental issues and programs. Maintains and enforces security of funds, merchandise, supplies and equipment to preclude or minimize the potential for fraud, waste and abuse. 
 Provides World Class Customer Service with an emphasis on courtesy. Assists customers and communicates positively in a friendly manner. Takes action to solve problems quickly. Alerts the higher-level supervisor, or proper point of contact for help when problems arise. Adheres to safety regulations and standards. Promptly reports any observed workplace hazards, and any injury, occupational illness, and/or property damage resulting from workplace mishaps to the immediate supervisor. Adheres to established standards of actively supporting the principles of the EEO program and prevention of sexual harassment. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Masters degree in Library Science (MLS) or Masters in Information and Library Science (MLIS) from an ALA accredited program. 
 Professional knowledge of librarianship including the performance or supervision or administration of a major functional area. 
 Must have knowledge of the print and non-print resources associated with the field of military arts and sciences. 
 Must have knowledge of the provisions of the National Interlibrary Loan Code and familiarity with the Copyright Act of 1976 affecting interlibrary loans for the purpose of obtaining materials not held by the library. 
 Must have a high level of computer literacy and knowledge of and skill with integrated library systems, computer operating systems and database management. 
 Must be able to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs ,  News  and tagged  International Jobs ,  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  International us government libraries ,  Middle East ,  Military Librarians ,  Military libraries ,  overseas libraries ,  Overseas work  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
