Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Data Analyst Health Surveillance - BC Centre for Disease Control 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Data Analyst Health Surveillance 
 Epidemiology, BC Centre for Disease Control, $35.70 to $37.74 prt hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Perform data management and preparation activities, including data extraction, transformation, and documentation. Develop and maintain data collection and recording systems such as databases, spreadsheets, and web-sites, including designing ad hoc reports. Write computer code and data queries to capture and edit data, and/or liaises with information systems department for same. Create analytic reporting tools to allow internal and external users to analyze data. Receive and respond to ongoing requests to evaluate data, systems, processes and procedures. Automate routine data management tasks using standard programming tools. 
Perform descriptive analyses and produces summaries and analytical reports using statistical software and coding, identifying all data limitations that apply. Identify issues, trends, and developments. Communicate findings to Centre staff and external stakeholders at the local, provincial and federal level. Automate routine analyses using standard programming tools. 
Monitor data quality in the information systems like the Public Health Information System and disease databases, proactively identify and communicate anomalies that indicate data quality issues, and ensure that data used for analysis purposes or distributed to stakeholders is of the highest quality possible. Follow up with regional health authorities on missing, erroneous, and duplicate data to achieve high quality data. Correct data errors in a timely manner. Document processes for these procedures. 
Prepare and maintain documentation and report such as user guides, procedure manuals, metadata, code documentation, data security policies and data dictionaries. 
Support data security by assigning and deleting access for various applications and network file systems. Ensure the secure transfer of patient data to stakeholders when authorized to. 
Assist as needed with gathering data, entering data, researching historical and archival data, accessing on-line databases, performing interviews, and obtaining data from national, provincial and local agencies and individuals. Link data from separate sources such as the client registry and MSP. 
 What you bring 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Health Information Science or Computer Science or equivalent 
Three (3) years’ experience as a data analyst/scientist, preferably in community health and/or the health information field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 You will have the ability to: 
Write data management and analysis programs using data programming tools such as SAS or R. 
Manage and query data in large relational or multidimensional databases and data warehouses an asset. 
Create data visualizations. 
Use standard software packages, spreadsheet, statistical, graphical, database, communication and web software. 
Have knowledge of descriptive statistics, PC systems, and applications. 
Communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. 
Operate related equipment 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Temporary Full-Time (02/28/2022) 
$35.70 to $37.74 per hour 
4500 Oak Street, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
Monday to Friday; 0830-1630 
 Requisition Number:  100814 
 What we do 
 BC Centre for Disease Control (BCCDC) bccdc.ca is dedicated to preventing and controlling communicable disease and promoting environmental health for the province. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of November 24, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
