Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Trial Assistant 
 Everest Clinical Research 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Everest Clinical Research ("Everest") is a full-service contract research organization (CRO) providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research services to worldwide pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. We serve some of the best-known companies and work with many of the most advanced drugs, biologics, and medical devices in development today. 
 Everest has been an independent CRO since 2004 with a strong foundation as a statistical and data management center of excellence. Building on this foundation, Everest has successfully developed and established itself as a full-service CRO. Everest’s headquarters are located in Markham (Greater Toronto Area), Ontario, Canada with additional sites in Little Falls (Greater New York City Area), New Jersey, USA, and Shanghai (Pudong Zhangjiang New District), China. Everest is known in the industry for its high quality deliverables, superior customer service, and flexibility in meeting clients’ needs. A dynamic organization with an entrepreneurial origin, Everest continues to experience exceptional growth and great success. 
 Quality is our backbone, customer-focus is our tradition, flexibility is our strength...that’s us…that’s Everest. 
 To drive continued success in this exciting clinical research field, we are seeking a committed, skilled, and customer-focused individual to join our winning team as Clinical Trial Assistant for our Toronto/Markham, Ontario, Canada location. 
 Key Accountabilities: 
 This position functions as a technical and operational leader interfacing with clients and leading internal statistical and programming teams to achieve clinical development project/program objectives. The accountabilities of this position are described below. 
 
 Interact with personnel from study sponsors, investigational sites, vendors, and Everest functional groups to enable timely and high quality initiations and completions of clinical trials. 
 Compile documentation for qualification of clinical sites. Support review of that documentation to ensure that those clinical sites comply with ICH-GCP and relevant local regulations. 
 Assist with preparation and submission of regulatory documents to responsible authorities and IRB/ECs. 
 Responsible for set-up and maintenance of studies in Clinical Trial Management System (CTMS) and Trial Master File (TMF). 
 Establish, maintain, and archive files of essential documents from investigative sites and for inclusion in Trial Master Files. These files must be maintained in a fashion so that they are continuously available for audit and completion for archive. 
 Contribute to the development of documents that facilitate or describe the management of the clinical trial. Examples of such documents include, study guides or manuals, and information collection tools. 
 Assist in review of documentation of information provided to study subjects, including informed consent forms. 
 Assist in working with meeting planners and vendors to arrange for investigator meetings, off-site client or internal departmental meetings. 
 Responsible for the shipment and tracking of trial documents (site binders, manuals, guides, etc.) 
 Record and inventory visit reports received from monitoring staff. 
 Maintain study portals, web sites, or newsletters. 
 Compile reports progress/status of investigational sites. 
 Assist with processing vendor invoices, investigator payments, and expense reports. 
 Prompt staff to provide timely and accurate reports of travel expenses. 
 Participate in the development and maintenance of, and adhere to departmental SOPs and guidelines. 
 Prepare, maintain, and complete training on study-specific and (or) applicable sponsor SOPs. 
 Support sites in their efforts to prepare for audits conducted either by sponsors or regulatory authorities. 
 Plan and carry out professional development. 
 Provide support in Clinical Operations or other functional areas as required. 
 
 Qualifications and Experience: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Life Sciences or health-related field preferred. 
 Excellent command of verbal and written English. 
 Expert use of the MS Office suite is essential. 
 Minimum of one year of experience in administrative support required. 
 Knowledge of ICH-GCP. 
 Experience in organizing Trial Mater Files desired. 
 Ability to travel a maximum of 5% of working hours is required. 
 
 How to Apply: 
 To find out more about Everest Clinical Research and to review other opportunities, please visit our website at www.ecrscorp.com 
 We thank all interested applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Everest is committed to upholding the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities, and upon request we will provide accommodations for candidates participating in any part of our recruitment and selection process. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Flexible schedule 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 administrative support: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
