We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Python Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 PythonWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Habito 
 ](/companies/habito) 
 
 50-249 
 
 For many, the process of getting a mortgage is hellish; hellishly complicated, hellishly costly and hellishly outdated. At Habito, we’re changing that. We believe people shouldn’t have to go through hell to get a mortgage. Since our launch in 2016, we have made it our mission to fundamentally change the way people finance their homes. Whether buying for the first time, remortgaging, moving house or buying as an investment, we have developed an award-winning service that puts our customers back in the driving seat, giving them greater control over their finances. We deliver industry-leading expert advice in real time, cutting edge AI-driven technology that gives them access to the best possible deals, plain English conversations and absolutely no fees whatsoever. We’re enormously proud of what we’ve achieved. Together, our 100-strong team has built great things to bring this mission to life. We’ve won numerous industry awards for our innovation, our talent and our service. And our enviable roster of backers is testament to that hard work and vision: to date, we have raised £27.5million in funding from some of the biggest names in venture capital and FinTech – Atomico, Ribbit Capital and Mosaic Ventures as well as the founders of Funding Circle and TransferWise. Most importantly, we’ve helped more than 160,000 people get the mortgage they deserve. Our proudest achievement yet is the love we get from our customers, borne out by consistently excellent TrustPilot reviews from more than 1,500 happy homeowners. But our work never stops. The landscape continues to evolve and, because we believe in financial products that put the customer’s interests first by design, we have ambitious plans to continue innovating, improving and disrupting in this space. As our business scales up, to extend beyond brokerage and insurance into becoming a mortgage marketplace, our focus on pioneering product and best-in-class delivery is greater than ever. 
 Technology Private KUBERNETES NIX PureScript TYPESCRIPT Stock Options cycle to work scheme 
 All Jobs from Habito 
 Senior Software Engineer£65K - 85K + EquityHabitoLondon, United Kingdom 
 The worlds best digital mortgage broker 
 clojure elixir haskell nix scala typescript 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Python jobs Django jobs Ansible jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Python articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
