
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Releaf (S17) 
 Selling quality crops to African food factories using novel hardware. 
 Brand Designer (Internship) 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Releaf 
 Releaf develops novel low-cost pre-processing technology for African crops. Our pre-processing technology allows us to improve the quality and scale of raw materials provided to African food factories (>$200B market), 90% of which run under 50% of their installed capacity, primarily due to scarce quality raw materials. 
 About the role 
 Company Profile: 
 Releaf develops low-cost pre-processing machines to prevent post-harvest loss and deliver quality raw materials to food factories. We've developed our first pre-processor for Nigeria's sustainable oil palm sector (80% of supply comes from smallholders) with a weekly processing capacity of 600 metric tons. We aggregate smallholder crops, pre-process them with our proprietary machinery, and deliver high-quality raw materials to food factories. 
 Founders studied at  MIT ,  Duke , and  Yale  with experience at McKinsey, General Electric, Bain, and Facebook. The Firm is mentored by Pres. Adesina of AfDB, Nigeria's former Minister of Agriculture. We are funded by Y Combinator, Bill Gates' investment firm  BEV , and other leading venture capital and private equity investors. 
 Role Summary: 
 
 
 We are in the process of emerging from stealth after delivering our prototype processing technology and are looking for a remote designer to work with the team 10 hours/week. Fully remote, strong communication skills and self-motivation are needed. 
 
 
 Primarily, you will design brand assets for the firm's social media AND schedule posting them. There will also be internal organization design projects. 
 
 
 There will be great mentorship opportunities in this role. Aside from the founders, who you'll work directly with (CEO + CTO). 
 
 
 Unfortuantely, this role is unpaid for the time-being due to capital constraints. 
 
 
 Experience/Qualifications: 
 
 
 Illustrator: Logo design for both the company and its departments 
 
 
 Photoshop: Creative asset design (unsaturating photos, making collages, etc.) 
 
 
 Figma: Handling design assets 
 
 
 Google Drive: Effortless ability to manage and build an easy-to-use asset database 
 
 
 Webflow: Ability to make new pages, edit, and ensure the brand image is consistent and exciting 
 
 
 Key Skills / Work Habits 
 Operating Principles 
 
 
 Strategist: Fully grasps Firm priorities and is a leading contributor to strategic optimizations 
 
 
 Zero Defect: Error-free design work 
 
 
 Creator zero to one: Build structures from nothing where deficiencies are personally observed and able to understand the Job to Be Done when given directives; speed to output is key 
 
 
 Technology 
 Releaf is emerging from stealth after developing proprietary hardware technology to radically improve farmer productivity in sustainable oil palm while preventing post-harvest loss. 
 Other jobs at Releaf 
 Brand Designer (Internship) 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Brand/Graphic Design 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
