Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 House Attendant (Overnight Position) 
 Harrison Hot Springs Resort 
 __Harrison Hot Springs, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Harrison Hot Springs Resort  is currently recruiting for the position of  House Attendant . This is an overnight position. 
 About our company: 
 Harrison Hot Springs and the Eastern Fraser Valley is a beautiful place to live, work and play. We would love to have you join our amazing team and share the high quality of life that we have come to enjoy. 
 At Harrison Hot Springs Resort, our guests discover a location unlike any other destination in the world. We know the care and customer service we offer our guests leads to special experiences for them. We endeavour to exceed guest expectations and deliver outstanding products and hospitality services. Even though we welcome thousands of guests each year, we will focus on individuals and what we can do to make them feel like they are at home. 
 Overlooking Harrison Lake, the Harrison Hot Springs Resort offers the following amenities: five mineral hot springs pools, the Healing Springs Spa, three restaurants and a coffee bar, extensive banquet and catering options, Resort Golf Course and Resort Marina. 
 SUMMARY   : 
 The House Attendants are responsible in maintaining Harrison Hot Springs Resort’s standards of cleanliness in all of the public areas, through assigned duties and responsibilities. In addition to keeping resort clean and in an orderly fashion, any repairs or maintenance issues are communicated promptly to ensure resolution in a timely manner. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 
 Arrives at work on time and meets the GuestPath Professional Appearance and Grooming Universal Service Standard. 
 
 
 Checks shift schedule to determine duties, signs out keys and checks mailbox for additional information. Reads memo book daily and signs accordingly. 
 
 
 Reports to Housekeeping Supervisor, Executive Housekeeper, Assistant Executive Housekeeper or MOD on completion of duties. 
 
 
 Completes duties on their Daily Task Worksheets and records any deficiencies and reasons for incomplete tasks. 
 
 
 Cleans defined areas of the Resort as per shift schedule and job responsibilities defined on the Daily Task Worksheets. Some competencies would include but are not limited to: 
 
 
 Light cleaning duties - sweeping, vacuuming, dusting, mopping, disinfecting, polishing and general cleaning duties 
 
 
 Able to safely lift, pull, push, carry possibly up to 50 lbs depending on what the task may be. 
 
 
 Able to operate extraction equipment to clean carpets, floors, upholstered furniture and draperies 
 
 
 All House Attendants are able to make beds, change sheets and deliver guest amenities as required 
 
 
 Ability to swim would be an asset 
 
 
 Assists in altering Resort and room set ups based on guest/client needs 
 
 
 Raising and lowering Murphy beds 
 
 
 Moving furniture as required in a safe manner without damaging furniture or surrounding areas 
 
 
 Able to work effectively and efficiently as an individual or as part of a larger team 
 
 
 Is respectfully towards all Resort colleagues 
 
 
 Interacts with the guests (internal and external) in a professional and courteous manner. 
 
 
 Reports necessary repairs or maintenance issues to their Housekeeping Supervisor, Executive Housekeeper or Assistant Executive Housekeeper. 
 
 
 Operates and maintains vacuums, carpet extractors, steam cleaners, floor machines and all equipment as required. 
 
 
 Replenishes supplies as required for their defined area of responsibility. 
 
 
 Completes duties in a safe manner and requests assistance for specific tasks as necessary (ie. Removing vents, high dusting, lifting heavy objects, etc.). 
 
 
 Adheres to all safety standards and information listed on the Material Safety Data Sheets while using chemicals for assigned tasks. 
 
 
 Adheres to all Company and Resort policies. 
 
 
 Some stress resulting from daily guest interactions (internal and external), budgetary, and time constraints. 
 
 
 Completes all other related duties as assigned or requested by the Housekeeping Supervisor, Executive Housekeeper, Assistant Executive Housekeeper or Manager on Duty. 
 
 
 EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE 
 
 High school education or equivalent. 
 Housekeeping/janitorial experience or courses would be an asset. 
 Able to read and understand WHMIS instructions. 
 Fluent in oral and written English. 
 Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. 
 Ability to rationalize problems and ongoing tasks to prioritize their level of importance. 
 Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, or schedule form. 
 First aid and WHMIS certification would be an asset. 
 Excellent organizational skills. 
 Excellent communication skills. 
 Able to meet the cleaning standards consistently and continually. 
 Work cooperatively and respectfully with all Resort colleagues. 
 Being multi-lingual is an asset. 
 Flexible to a changing shift. 
 Self-motivated in individual and group environments. 
 
 We thank all candidates in advance for your interest in our resort; however, only those qualified candidates will be contacted. 
 This position is $15.05 - $ 20.07 an hour. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Salary: $15.05 to $20.07 /hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
