Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Licensed Practice Nurse (LPN) Edmonton 
 SE Health 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your passion is to use your nursing knowledge, skill and judgment to provide integrated and holistic nursing care to meet the physical, safety, emotional and spiritual needs of people of all ages and care needs . 
 Status:  Temporary Part-time 
 Days for work :  Evenings including every 2nd weekend Hours of Work: 1500 - 2300 
 Responsibilities: 
Provide hands-on care to residents according to the Care Plan and Community policies and procedures. 
Report changes in resident conditions as well as any other pertinent information to the appropriate decision makers in a timely manner. 
Assist in the monitoring of non-regulated care partners assigned to carry out the care plan, including supervising, teaching delegated tasks, coaching, and supporting as per the hospitality model. 
Ensure resident care is delivered in a way that maintains resident dignity, privacy, and acknowledges independence, spirituality, and individuality as per the Eden Philosophy framework. 
Identifies health, safety or maintenance issues, and reports as required. 
Liaising with AHS and other health care professionals, families, and any other people required in order to facilitate the highest level of resident care. 
Actively participates in team meetings and training/learning opportunities as required. 
Charting on daily basis using electronic charting system 
Perform all duties in a safe and efficient manner. 
 Requirements: 
LPN Certificate, active registration with the CLPNA in good standing. 
Updated immunization record 
A satisfactory Criminal Reference Check and Vulnerable Sector Check issued in the past 60 days is required 
Valid First Aid and CPR certificates. 
Recent experience working with elderly or disabled persons, preferably in a supportive living environment. 
Palliative care experience is an asset. 
Compassionate, respectful and sincere manner, with ability to deal with conflict in a diplomatic and professional manner. 
Good oral and written communication skills (other language skills an asset). 
Flexible, adaptable to changing work environment to meet resident needs. 
Good computer skills 
 Internal candidates, please apply by October 8, 2020. 
 Saint Elizabeth is committed to the success of all its employees. If you feel you need accommodations because of illness or disability, please do not hesitate to contact Human Resources at hresources@saintelizabeth.com at your earliest convenience 
 About SE Health 
SE Health (previously Saint Elizabeth Health Care) is a Social Enterprise applying our knowledge, vision and drive to forever impact how people live and age at home. With Canadian roots and 110 years of expertise, SE Health is a not-for-profit charitable organization delivering quality care, innovative solutions and education to people where and when they need it. Through our team of 9,000 Leaders of Impact, we deliver 20,000 care exchanges daily, totaling 50 million in the last decade alone. In 2019 we were honoured to be recognized by Forbes as one of Canada's Best Employers. 
 Please apply online SofiaLi@sehc.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
