WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProgrammingjobs 
 Software Engineer 
 Hipster Whale Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 4, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We're looking to add a  mid/senior  engineer to our highly experienced, professional, and pragmatic engineering team. Our engineers all have a love of games and contribute both creatively as well as technically to our projects. This is a full time position, based in Melbourne, however a remote position may be considered for the right candidate. 
 In this role, you'll be using C# and Unity to work with a small in-house development team on our massive viral hit, Crossy Road. You’ll have the opportunity (and bragging rights) to contribute to our flagship game which is enjoyed by millions of players globally. You'll create new content for regular updates, as well as maintain the project to preserve compliance with various platforms and devices. 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ABOUT YOU 
 
 You’re an experienced cross-platform games engineer, having worked on several published titles and contributed to their ongoing maintenance 
 You enjoy the challenge of learning and improving an established codebase 
 You work well independently and can set milestones, while still being an excellent team player  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 
 A portfolio of shipped titles on a variety of platforms 
 4+ years experience as a programmer in commercial studios 
 Experience with Unity game engine 
 Solid skills in C# with ability to write clean, modular, and maintainable code 
 A good sense of "game feel" and how to get the most out of a simple or limited control scheme 
 Must be legally able to work in Australia  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 DESIRABLE 
 
 Lifecycle experience publishing and optimising titles for Apple, Google Play, and Amazon app stores 
 Demonstrable skills or interest in game design, art, UX or other cross-disciplines 
 Strong linear algebra and 3D math skills 
 Demos and code samples are always fantastic to see  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 WORK CULTURE 
 We offer flexible working conditions, a lovely light-filled office right near Flinders Street Station (don’t worry, we also have blinds if darkness is more your thing), and training and development opportunities. Team happiness and fulfillment is essential for our business to be successful, and we know that means a respectful work/life balance. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage diverse applications. 
 If you can tick most of the requirements for a role but not all,  please do contact us . We are always interested to see candidates who could grow into an advertised role. Don't let the list of attributes scare you off if you feel a role is really you. 
 ‍ 
 HOW TO APPLY  ‍ 
 Please send a cover letter explaining your interest in the role, as well as a CV outlining your experience to:  jobs@hipsterwhale.com  with [POSITION TITLE - YOUR NAME] in the subject. **** 
 Applications close Friday, 15 January 2021. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ABOUT HIPSTER WHALE  ‍ 
 Hipster Whale is an entirely independent Melbourne based studio, founded in 2014. Hipster Whale’s first release,  Crossy Road   ,  was a viral success and has been downloaded hundreds of millions of times. Hipster Whale continues to make bright and funny games with broad appeal. 
 Hipster Whale released  PAC-MAN 256  with Bandai Namco in 2015,  Disney Crossy Road  in 2016 with Disney,  Piffle  in 2018 with Mighty Games, and most recently  Crossy Road Castle  in 2020. 
 ‍ 
 ABOUT CROSSY ROAD 
 Crossy Road is the 8-bit endless arcade hopper that started it all. Collect custom characters and navigate freeways, railroads, rivers and much more. Join over 200 MILLION players worldwide and experience Hipster Whale's massive viral #1 hit! 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Spry Fox is hiring a Engineering Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereEngineering LeadSpry Fox | AnywhereLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Senior Gameplay Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILSenior Gameplay EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Fullstack Web Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILFullstack Web EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Herobeat Studios is hiring a Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereProgrammerHerobeat Studios | AnywhereLearn More 
 sunset visitor is hiring a Unity Developerto join their team into work fromCanadaUnity Developersunset visitor | CanadaLearn More 
 BlitWorks is hiring a Junior Unity Engineerto join their team into work fromBarcelona, ESJunior Unity EngineerBlitWorks | Barcelona, ESLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
