
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  /  Australia Jobs  / In the News: Australia Is Top Destination for Work Abroad 
 In the News: Australia Is Top Destination for Work Abroad 
 In the News: Australia is top destination for work abroad 
 Australia is seeing an economic boom right now, which is causing many unemployed people in the United States to choose a continent halfway across the world to  find work abroad . The  Wall Street Journal recently  picked up on this trend, noting that the Australia isn't just attracting young graduates who can't find jobs right out of college, or are looking to "take a year off" with low-pressure, short term jobs abroad in Australia. In fact, the profession with the fastest growing American population in Australia is accounting, with CPAs (Certified Public Accountant) leaving the US for Australia in increasing numbers. Australia is also becoming a go-to exporter of iron ore for economic powerhouse China, creating more and more jobs for skilled workers. 
 Why the emphasis on Australia? Unlike the current U.S. climate, the Australia economy is booming. New leadership has also given Australian citizens a sense of pride and growth in their country. As the U.S. economy stalls and political tensions are high, many people are choosing to look for jobs in Australia for cultural reason as well as financial. Many people are more comfortable making a move abroad to a country where they already speak the language and have some familiarity with local customs. 
 
 If you are looking for a job abroad in Australia, especially in a specific, in-demand field like Accounting, Project Management or Finance, you can begin your search through the usual online channels - most companies in Australia that are looking to hire U.S. citizens will post to U.S. based job sites in addition to Australia-based ones. 
 A great way to get your foot in the door for a job in Australia - if you don't happen to have years of experience or a specialized skill - is through a visa and placement program like  BUNAC . BUNAC has been featured on this blog and  JobMonkey  in the past, and is a great, reputable program that helps students and recent grads from the U.S., Canada and the U.K. find jobs abroad. 
 If you've ever thought about working abroad in Australia, now is a great time to take the plunge! 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs  Tagged With:  work abroad ,  work abroad australia 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
