Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Laboratory Instructor 
 University of Victoria 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Economics in the Faculty of Social Sciences is a well-established, collegial unit with a current complement of 28 regular faculty members and 6 support staff. 
 The salary range for this position is: 
 Recruitment range:  $58,019 - $65,301 starting salary determined by the PEA Collective Agreement. 
 Performance range:  starting salary to max of $75,839 is available through annual performance increases 
 Job Summary 
 The Department of Economics is an academic department in the Faculty of Social Sciences and has a wide variety of programs including BA, BSc, MA, and PhD degrees. In particular, it has a large international enrolment in its undergraduate programs. Our research and teaching cover a wide range of areas with an emphasis on applied and empirical economics. An important goal for our programs is to provide high-quality instruction that combines economic principles with statistical and computational methods. 
 The Senior Laboratory Instructor (SLI) reports to the department chair for academic matters and the administrative officer for administrative matters. The SLI’s primary role is assisting in the course management and delivery of our principles of microeconomics and macroeconomics courses. The SLI works closely with the instructors in those courses. The holder of the position requires broad knowledge and skills related to the content and delivery of large introductory and intermediate economics courses both in person and online. 
 Specific responsibilities include:  preparing teaching material for and teaching labs, supervising lab instructors (student TAs), preparing and facilitating orientation workshops for lab instructors each term, holding weekly meetings with lab instructors to equip them to deliver material, overseeing and setting the schedule for the Economics’ Help Centre for first year principle courses, visiting labs and providing feedback to lab instructors, running a discussion forum on a Learning Management System such as Brightspace for the students registered in the principles courses, assisting in preparation and proofing of mid-term and final exams, coordinating invigilation schedule and invigilating mid-terms and final exams for large classes (200-350 students), coordinating grading among multiple TAs, organizing make-up exam sessions and coordinating with the Centre for Accessible Learning for exam accommodation, preparing marking guides, and sourcing, maintaining and managing student records and other databases associated with the courses. The SLI must demonstrate aptitude for using software for the purpose of on-line course delivery, Microsoft 365, as well as Learning Management Systems such as Brightspace. The SLI evaluates software and web-based platforms suitable for running computer mediated interactive experiments in labs and lectures. 
 Additional responsibilities may also involve the development of lecture material under the guidance of the instructor and offering support for second year microeconomics or macroeconomics courses. 
 Job Requirements 
 This position requires an MA or MSc in economics with a minimum of 2 years of experience in instruction and course material development in an academic environment, and experience with managing and coordinating lab instruction. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 
 Knowledge requirements include: 
Demonstrated aptitude in microeconomics and macroeconomics 
Demonstrated aptitude for using software programs such as Microsoft 365 as well as online software such as Brightspace and video recording and conferencing tools 
Familiarity with file management and web authoring software 
 Competency requirements include: 
Excellent analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, and good judgement 
Superior communication skills, both written and verbal 
A lifelong learner who is collegial, engaging, decisive and pro-active 
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment 
Proven track record of achieving project goals on time and producing deliverables of a high quality 
Ability to work effectively with a diverse population and with all levels of university personnel 
Demonstrated administrative and organizational skills 
 UVic is committed to upholding the values of equity, diversity, and inclusion in our living, learning and work environments. In pursuit of our values, we seek members who will work respectfully and constructively with differences and across levels of power. We actively encourage applications from members of groups experiencing barriers to equity. 
 Read our full equity statement here:  www.uvic.ca/equitystatement. 
 Persons with disabilities who anticipate needing accommodations for any part of the application and hiring process may contact Belinda Fontes, HR Programs and Project Manager, at uviccareers@uvic.ca. Any personal information provided will be maintained in confidence. 
Additional Information 
995179-ECON-2020-JD-Senior Lab Instructor-SG9 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
