We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Ai Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 AiWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Mistplay 
 ](/companies/mistplay) 
 
 10-49 
 
 Mistplay is the first Loyalty Program for mobile gamers. Players use our platform to play games, connect with friends, and earn awesome rewards; such as Amazon gift cards and prepaid Visas. We make sure that we give back to our users for investing their time in us. We leverage a wealth of in-game data and Machine Learning to recommend the best games to our users and encourage mobile game studios to really engage with players around the world. With a growth of over 9 million users in under 3 years, Mistplay is one of the fastest growing companies in North America. Because of our growing popularity, we are also looking to grow our team - come be a part of our journey! 
 Video Games Private AWS Kotlin MySQL Redis Paid Sick Days Team Lunches 
 All Jobs from Mistplay 
 Backend Software Engineer (Node JS)C$70K - 100K + EquityMistplayMontreal, Canada 
 Small company, big dreams, bigger heart 
 api design aws dynamodb javascript mobile node.js typescript 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Data Science jobs Data Engineering jobs Machine learning jobs Artificial Intelligence jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Data Science articles Machine learning articles Artificial Intelligence articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
