  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Marketing 
 
 Marketing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Marketing Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/marketing) 
 10 hours ago 
 I need marketing services for my business 
 Published: 10 hours ago  Deadline: 7 Bids: 2 
 The marketing services should help us to making the advance promotions for our business. This is brcause our company is new and our team is small, so we need a freelance which is can do this. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 Virtual Assistant  plus client 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 2 
 Needs to hire 2 Freelancers 
Responsibilities 
Respond to emails and phone calls 
Schedule meetings 
Manage a contact list 
Prepare spreadsheets and keep online records 
Organize managers’ calendars 
Create presentations, as assigned 
Address employees administrative queries 
Provide customer service as first point of contact 
 Requirements 
Proven experience as a Virtual Assistant or relevant role 
Familiarity with current technologies, like desktop sharing, cloud services and VoIP 
Experience with word-processing software and spreadsheets (e.g. GSuite) 
Knowledge of online calendars and scheduling (e.g. Google Calendar) 
Excellent phone, email and instant messaging communication skills 
Excellent time management skills 
Solid organizational skills 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. D. G. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Remote Marketing Lead 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 Join the world’s largest virtual company! 
Work from anywhere – Flexible hours – Training & travel opportunities 
 Scopic is seeking a skilled Remote Marketing Lead to join our team of 250+ professionals in over 40 countries. This is a full-time, home-based position. 
At Scopic, we believe great professionals can be found in every corner of the globe, and talent shouldn’t be limited by location. 
Our employees work in nearly every time zone, from whenever they feel most comfortable, and our marketing services benefit from this diversity of perspectives and expertise. 
 Market Meaningful Applications for Clients Invested in Your Success 
All Scopic projects involve working with challenging, innovative tasks. The applications Scopic builds are the cornerstone of our clients’ businesses. 
Clients will rely on you to get these cutting-edge applications into the right users’ hands. 
 Grow Your Skills and Your Career, Fast 
We offer training opportunities to keep your skills sharp and encourage you to stay up-to-date with ever-evolving technologies. As your skills grow, you will have opportunities to move up in the company. If you work hard and deliver quality results, you will do very well here. 
Pay raises and promotions are completely merit-based, so your success is in your hands. 
 Become a Valuable Part of a Small, Dynamic International Team 
Unlike huge tech corporations like Google and Microsoft, Scopic employees don’t get lost in bureaucracy or sidelined doing the same boring tasks day after day. Most projects last six months to one year, so all team members have the opportunity to try their skills on a diverse range of applications. 
Scopic employees work independently and are entrusted with considerable responsibility. 
 Why Work With Scopic? 
•    Flexible working hours, set your own schedule 
•    Freedom to travel and work from anywhere in the world 
•    Ability to work wherever you are most comfortable (home, office, park, café, etc.) 
•    Reliable, consistent workload 
•    Flexible payment options in $US – salaried and hourly positions available 
•    Annual pay increases for good performance 
•    Paid training and other professional growth opportunities 
•    International travel opportunities (not required) 
•    Interesting, challenging projects using the latest technologies 
 Responsibilities: 
•    Contribute to the marketing strategy of the company 
•    Develop marketing plans and initiatives for company’s services and products 
•    Coordinate and oversee marketing activities, including research tasks 
•    Evaluate performance of marketing initiatives and campaigns 
•    Complete marketing department operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees and following up on work results 
•    Oversee the marketing work performed for the company’s clients, advise the teams and track the progress on projects 
•    Work with marketing reports and forecasts, interpret the data and suggest improvements 
•    Be involved in planning and managing the department’s budgets 
Required Qualifications: 
•    Bachelor’s or master’s degree in marketing or a related field 
•    5+ years of proven working experience in digital marketing, including a leadership role managing a minimum of 5 employees 
•    Experience working in marketing sales is a plus 
•    Experience working in a software or marketing company is an advantage but is not a requirement 
•    Knowledge of the website/application development projects is preferred 
•    Experience leading seo, ppc, marketing automation, social media, research, and content marketing initiatives 
•    knowledge of website and marketing analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, SEMRush, Klipfolio, and other) 
•    Proficiency in marketing research and reporting 
•    Strong analytical skills 
•    Ability to resolve project complications 
•    Awareness of the latest market trends and marketing news 
•    Ability to work independently, multitask, take leadership initiative, and report on progress 
•    Native or near-native English skills both written and verbal 
•    Excellent communication skills 
Salary Range: $ 15 - 22 
Starting salary is negotiable depending on skills and experience. Hourly and salary positions available. Employees are paid monthly via wire transfer. 
 Please apply online:  https://scopicsoftware.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0uq8z?source=Workana 
 About Scopic 
Scopic is the world’s largest virtual company. Founded in 2006, we have grown consistently by delivering innovative, cutting-edge software products for our clients and creating an empowering environment for our employees. 
 We build advanced software for clients and users around the globe. 
With 10+ years in the industry and 1000+ projects under our belt, we’ve developed software for Manufacturing, Media and Entertainment, Fintech, Healthcare, Food and Fitness, and Gaming. Check out our development work on our portfolio:  scopicsoftware.com/portfolio/. 
 Scopic is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Learn more about career opportunities at Scopic:  scopicsoftware.com/careers. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  S. R. T. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 An experienced virtual assistant needed 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 3 
 Virtual assistants help their employers with daily administrative tasks and schedules. Instead of going into the office every day, virtual assistants complete their responsibilities remotely at home or in another location of their choice with internet access. In this role, you are in charge of handling the small details to keep the company moving so that your employer can focus on large company goals. 
You may communicate with your employer on multiple channels, such as email, video messaging, instant messaging, and phone calls. Other responsibilities include organizing your employer’s files, answering emails, arranging meetings and travel plans, and helping to create presentation materials. A virtual assistant must be able to manage expense reports, orders, and confidential financial information. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. W. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Yesterday 
 Marketing Growth Hacker 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 0 
 Primary Job Responsibilities: 
- Set up, QA, and run A/B tests 
- Set up, QA, and run usability tests 
- Ensure tests get up and running, and willing and able to help product and marketing team interpret 
results and present them to management 
 Requirements: 
- Innate interest in learning about customers behavior through both numbers and qualitative data 
- Basic understanding of statistics 
- Decent Excel skills – know how to do pivot tables 
- SQL knowledge a big bonus * 
- Enough html/css/js skills to be able to set up optimizely tests. 
- Sufficient graphic editing skills to be able to modify graphics to create test variations 
 Willing to learn what you don’t already know 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Ecuador Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 days ago 
 Design of a email Signature. 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 1 
 I am nitesh verma. I need email signature. I'm happy. 
I do this work . I do this good work. I read in class 11th .design of a email signature and marketing. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 What do you need?  : Set up automations for existing emails 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. V. India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 days ago 
 Kids watch phone for Singapore and north and south American market 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 1 
 1. Manage online market place (Amazon, Shopee, Lazada, Qoo10 and Shopify based own website ) 
2. Design and refush the online posts in stores and market place timely 
3. Plan and implement facebook and google ads for better sales 
4. 
Cooperate with indoor sales support to make sure delivery on time 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. H. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
