
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  / Holiday Representative Jobs 
 Holiday Representative Jobs 
 Enterprising, organising, extremely sociable yet responsible, mediating, innovating, reassuring, never boring, meeting, greeting, entertaining and not complaining - the life of holiday rep is an exhilarating experience! 
 Holiday reps are essential members of staff for family-holiday tour operators. These are the people who meet new arrivals at the airport, oversee their hotel transfers, inform them about the country and hotel, organise trips during their stay and often provide the evenings entertainment. Holiday reps look after children, recommend local attractions, resolve disputes and generally ensure the customers have a good holiday. If reps are bad timekeepers, cannot cope with pressure or overindulge during evening festivities, the repercussions can include customer complaints, refusal to travel with the tour operator and potentially redundancy. It's a big responsibility. 
 Work as a Holiday Rep Abroad - Cosmos 
 At the same time, it's a hell of a lot of fun. Hundreds of wannabe holiday reps apply each year to travel companies, desperate to work a season abroad. The diversity of roles can sometimes be forgotten - the popularity of package holidays offers many different positions, even within the definition of 'holiday rep.' As already mentioned, you could become a child rep, working in the ubiquitous children's clubs that are so essential for exhausted parents. Focusing on their parents is another obvious choice. Alternatively, you could focus on older customers - retirees who need a change of scenery and finally have time to enjoy themselves. If you prefer to be around young adults, there are several brands reinventing themselves to offer more than a fortnights' worth of liver poisoning. If you are a sports enthusiast then working on a ski resort or active watersports resort may sound appealing, and repping on a luxury resort in an exotic location would be ideal if you like a different experience to the norm. The possibilities are endless! 
 Although job descriptions will vary according to resort, employer and position, there are some qualities that all holiday reps require. Motivation, social skills and enthusiasm are vital, and sales experience would be useful as many reps make commission from selling excursions. As with many hospitality jobs, the wages are not fantastic, but the general agreement amongst casual staff is that you do it for the experience as much as for the money. 
 Tour operator Cosmos employs between 30 and 50 reps on six month seasonal contracts each year to work at its family-friendly resorts. Most reps work in the Mediterranean but there is a chance of going to Egypt, Goa or the Gambia, or even Finnish Lapland over Christmas. 
 Overseas Area Manager Emma Robson said: "There is no typical day overseas, you don't know what's around the corner. You might start your day carrying out welcome meetings in your hotels, have to visit a guest in the hospital when you have finished, go back to your hotels in the afternoon for general visits and follow up sales and then guide an excursion such as a Greek night in the evening. The following day you might be backwards and forwards to and from the airport all day doing transfers." 
 Experience and attitude is vital to securing a job with Cosmos, although a tourism qualification is handy. No official qualification apart from a driving licence is necessary but Emma said: "We look for any customer service experience, good written English skills and people that show a passion for travel. A covering letter that shows a genuine desire for the job is also good. Ideally reps should be flexible, enthusiastic, organised, offer excellent customer service, be able to work as part of a team and also as an individual, be confident in speaking to large groups of people on a microphone, friendly, caring, an generally a good all-rounder." 
 Reps share a studio or hotel room with colleagues and get a monthly wage paid into their UK bank account. Commission on excursion sales is paid in cash on resort, and reps also get company transport so your expenditure is minimal. A huge variety of people choose to work as a rep whether for one season or many years, and those who take to the life can work up the career ladder to management and head office positions. 
 Emma said: "The best aspects of working overseas are being able to experience so many different cultures, meeting lots of new people, every day is different and usually you are working in the sunshine! For me, the worst aspect is saying goodbye; you build some great relationships and friendships and at the end of the season people go their separate ways." 
 Candidates can apply to Cosmos online at  www.monarch.co.uk/jobs  or post their CV with a covering letter to the overseas department in the Cosmos head office. Their main recruitment period is December/January for the following summer. 
 Holiday Travel Jobs  => 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
