WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Associate Producer 
 Squanch Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 27, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 As an Associate Producer at Squanch Games, you work with the Producer to coordinate the delivery of levels and features, and are directly responsible for ensuring the requesting and delivery of assets between the various departments. A qualified AP is organized, professional, courteous, hard-working, an effective communicator and loves working with people. 
 At Squanch Games, we make stuff that people love; Games that we want to play ourselves. We make experiences that we would like to be totally immersed in and enjoy for hours at a time, as well as shorter, crazier experiences that would be great to play with a group of friends or possibly with stray homeless people that you invited in so you could feed and bathe them. 
 If you share in these values, come join us!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 You are: 
 
 Able to work in all aspects of the production of a game and generally can be responsible for taking over whole sections of game production. These sections can be the management of particular work pipelines, such as art, animation, programming, or design 
 Accurate in tracking the schedule of these pipelines, managing assets, identifying weaknesses, bottlenecks, and risks in the schedule, and assisting with troubleshooting communication and schedule dependency problems 
 Curious and passionate: You read and/or play games most days 
 A liaison, coordinating multiple disciplines such as Engineering, Art, Audio, Animation, Design, and QA, in order to fulfill project goals and objectives. 
 Able to manage daily tracking of tasks ensuring schedules are maintained and adjusted whenever necessary 
 Adept at scheduling, attending and often chairing meetings, taking concise and comprehensive notes. Supplying updates to team members regularly via one-on-one meetings, Slack, and wiki updates  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Minimum of two years of games development or production experience on at least 2 major projects, or the equivalent type of responsibility working with Software Developers and Artists on multi-discipline projects 
 Must be passionate about game development 
 Willing to commit and take responsibility for projects under their supervision 
 Very organized self-starter 
 Must have good communication and organizational skills to work closely with internal and external groups 
 Must have excellent task-tracking organization 
 Agile/Scrum process experience a plus 
 Jira/Confluence experience a plus 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Working at Squanch Games 
 Do you like and make video games? Do you like bringing joy to people's lives? You're in the right place. 
 You may have some game dev experience, or you may be a master video game adventurer, but either way, you need to be crazy passionate about what makes games and learning the latest tech and methods that make best use of the platform. 
 We are still in start-up phase, so expect all of the things that come with start-up life. Namely: working with some of the most creative names in the biz, expectation to step into roles that may make you uncomfortable, but are required for making good, and having major impact in the creation and building of a superfun studio. 
 Location  : We encourage folks who live in or are able to relocate to Los Angeles, CALIFORNIA or Wake County, NORTH CAROLINA to apply. If you are not willing to be in these places, we may be open to remote candidates, so send along your resume anyways. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Our History  ‍ 
 The idea for Squanch Games has been in the brain of Justin Roiland, co-creator of Rick and Morty, for multiple years before the studio got properly started up. A gamer his whole life, he awoke to the idea of doing game design once he played with an Oculus DK2 headset. The possibilities of the technology and how it could be used for comedy combined with great gameplay was super exciting. 
 Justin reached out to multiple potential developers, including Crows Crows Crows for the opportunity to collaborate and to just make some funny and fun stuff. 
 In 2016, Justin met up with Tanya Watson, an industry veteran who had previously worked at Epic Games on titles such as  Gears of War  ,  Bulletstorm  , and  Fortnite . Also a gamer her whole life, Tanya and Justin found a common desire to start a studio where they could join forces to make fun, new, and hilarious content that could be enjoyed across multiple platforms. 
 With their powers combined, they formed Squanch Games. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 DragonBear Studios is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromAustraliaProducerDragonBear Studios | AustraliaLearn More 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromWestminster, COProducerDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
