Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-time Crew Member 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __New Hamburg, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 How about flexible hours that let you do your thing, whatever your thing is. The opportunity to grow. Professionally, personally and financially. How about the chance to be part of a company that’s primarily run by independent business owners and that’s active in your community. That’s helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids through Ronald McDonald House. If that sounds good to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOUR VIBE 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected under pressure. You understand there is no “I” in team and thrive in social situations. You get that service isn’t a transaction. It’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. 
 YOUR JOB 
 Making people’s day on all fronts:  Greeting people, taking orders and satisfying McCravings. 
Preparing food and keeping our world famous burgers and fries, world famous. 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile. 
Package take-out food. But no sneaking fries…we know they’re everybody’s favourite! 
Fridge management. Okay, it’s stocking the fridge, but it’s really important when you serve the world’s most popular burger. 
 Additional Information 
 ** Special COVID 19 info ** 
 We are currently starting to get back into hiring slowly. We thank you for your application and want you to know that we are looking through them. We expect the hiring process to take longer than it usually does due to social distancing measures. We will be reviewing applications that fit the positions we are hiring for and will get back to you as soon as we are able. Also please know that training within the store looks very different now to respect everyone's safety. Training will be conducted at a slower pace and we will not be able to bring people on in big groups. Interviews and orientation processes may look different as well as we utilize technology to maintain safety. Please know that the Health and Safety of you and our team is our top priority. Thank you for your support and we look forward to hearing from you! 
 Starting wage of $14.25 an hour for Students! 
 Working with us offers many fun benefits! 
 
 50% off your meal at all McDonald's in Canada 
 FreeUniforms 
 Platium Card offering discounts at many different retail stores 
 Crew Outings to get out with your team on US 
 Special Treat Days Monthly 
 Service Awards 
 Flexible Schedules 
 
 Come Check out what we have to offer! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
