Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Psychiatrist – Central Access & Rapid Engagement Services (CARES) 
 Island Health 
 __Langford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Island Health's Department of Psychiatry, South Island, has an opportunity for a full-time or part-time Psychiatrist to join the Central Access & Rapid Engagement Services (CARES) West Shore Clinic. This is an opportunity for a Psychiatrist to become involved in service model development, build partnerships with primary care and other providers in a vibrant and developing practice. 
 The CARES West Shore Clinic provides the communities of Colwood, Esquimalt, Langford, Metchosin, Sooke, and View Royal with a single coordinated access point for the full continuum of adult mental health/substance use/psychiatric conditions. The intention of MHSU is to continue to develop the capacity of the clinic so that it can provide a better alternative to the hospital emergency department for the majority of people seeking assistance (other than those requiring admission to hospital under the mental health act), closer to home. 
 Work in the West Shore will be collaborative as part of the South Island Division of Family Practice service framework, offering a full-scope psychiatry practice with in a broad community based model. Clinical duties range from psychiatric consultations to Primary Care Providers (PCP) to longer term treatment for those with severe mental illnesses through Team Based Care for the Specialized Community Support Services. Collaborative care, integrating primary care partners and working closely with family and social networks of patients is part of the clinical model. 
 Psychiatric services in the West Shore will be provided at St Anthony’s Clinic, 582 Goldstream Ave Suite 206 and may provide onsite consultations to the High Complexity Care Team and Urgent Primary Care Clinic, recent new developments within the Primary Care Network. The successful candidate will offer clinical consultation and longitudinal treatment with the Most Responsible Clinician (MRC) on the care team to support decision-making for patients with complex and/or urgent care needs. Use of virtual care/TeleMHSU technologies will compliment care and support outreach to surrounding communities (e.g. Sooke, Port Renfrew). 
 The successful candidate will have expertise and interest in working in a collaborative interdisciplinary team including PCPs, psychiatrists, therapists, social workers, nurse practitioner, peers and nurses. The candidate will have expertise utilizing psychotherapy and psychiatric management skills, as well as experience in the assessment and treatment of people presenting with a broad range of problems including Mood, Anxiety, Adjustment, Substance Use/Addictions, and Personality. 
 On call responsibility is mandatory for Island Health psychiatry services. 
 As Island Health is part of the UBC Faculty of Medicine Island Medical Program there is opportunity for training of medical students and residents and applying for a clinical appointment is expected. Participation in research is strongly encouraged and facilitated by Island Health. 
 Administrative duties of the position include, attending clinical team meetings, participating/leading in quality improvement initiatives, and provide reports to the Department of Psychiatry meetings. 
 Benefits: 
Furnished office, computer, telehealth and administrative support provided. 
 Additional Information: 
1 Full-time position or 2 Part-time positions available 
 Start Date: 
As soon as possible 
 Community Information: 
Langford, located approximately 20 minutes away from Victoria, is the fastest growing municipality in the Capital Regional District with a population of over 35,000. It is the commercial centre of the West Shore and is a leader in affordable housing. Langford also contains 3 lakes, Goldstream Provincial Park, numerous urban parks and fairgrounds. Langford has great transportation as it is close to the BC Ferry terminal to Vancouver and is close to the Victoria International Airport, it is also well served by public transit and highways. 
 The surrounding communities of Colwood, Metchosin, Sooke, Port Renfrew and View Royal provide pristine coastal environments with access to multiple golf courses (including PGA rated ear Mountain), beach and harbour access, hiking and lush coastal environments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
