Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tier 1 CRC in Mathematical Analysis and Applications 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Science, Department of Mathematics & Statistics 
Tier 1 CRC in Mathematical Analysis and Applications 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations, and within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 The Department of Mathematics and Statistics at McMaster University invites applications for a faculty position at the rank of Associate or full Professor to hold a proposed Tier 1 Canada Research Chair in Mathematical Analysis and Applications. This position is intended to be a tenure-track appointment, although a tenured appointment is possible. The expected start date for this position is July 1, 2021. 
 We seek candidates acknowledged by their peers as world leaders in their field, with a PhD in Mathematics or a related field and a proven record of research excellence in Mathematical Analysis and Applications, including asymptotic analysis, partial differential equations (PDEs), dynamical systems and numerical analysis. The successful candidate is expected to build on the current strengths of the department, supervise graduate students and teach at both graduate and undergraduate levels. 
 Nominees for a Tier1 Chair position should, at a minimum, must be full professors or associate professors who are expected to be promoted to the full professor level within one or two years of the nomination. Alternatively, if they come from outside the academic sector, nominees must possess the necessary qualifications to be appointed at these levels. They should have superior records of attracting and supervising graduate students and postdoctoral fellows (taking into account different practices in the relevant field or discipline) and, as chairholders, be expected to attract, develop and retain excellent trainees, students and future researchers. Full program information, including further details on eligibility criteria, can be found at the Canada Research Chairs website at http://www.chairs-chaires.gc.ca/program-programme/nomination- mise_en_candidature-eng.aspx. 
 The Department of Mathematics and Statistics currently has 38.5 full-time faculty members and a rolling average of approximately 100 graduate students and 15 postdoctoral fellows. The Department has very strong groups in Analysis and Applied Mathematics, with research expertise bridging classical and harmonic analysis, analysis of partial differential equations, dynamical systems and computational mathematics. For more information, please see our website: www.math.mcmaster.ca. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground-breaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey, which takes approximately two minutes to complete. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. If not applying through McMaster’s application submission portal, the survey will be sent to all applicants in a separate communication. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey Statement of Collection for more information. Additional inquiries about the Diversity Survey may be directed to hr.empequity@mcmaster.ca. 
 The University recognizes the legitimate impact that leaves (e.g., maternity leave, leave due to illness, etc.) can have on a candidate’s record of research achievement and indicates that these leaves will be taken into careful consideration during the assessment process. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean, Faculty of Science at baileyd@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to Apply 
 Complete applications must be made online at https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ (Faculty Positions, Job 34618) or through the MathJobs website at www.mathjobs.org to the attention of Dr. Matheus Grasselli, Professor & Chair, Department of Mathematics & Statistics, McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, L8S 4K1. 
 A complete application consists of: 
a cover letter (including a statement regarding whether the applicant has Canadian citizenship / permanent resident status (see below)) 
a current Curriculum Vitae 
a statement of teaching philosophy and practice 
a statement of their experience and plans for advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in post-secondary education, community-based or other professional settings 
three (3) letters of reference which should ideally be submitted through MathJobs or sent directly by your referees to Dr. Matheus Grasselli, Department Chair, math@mcmaster.ca. 
 Review of complete applications will begin December 1, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line, system-generated confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. Please be advised that any full-time, permanent faculty member of the Department can request confidential access to the application materials, including the reference letters. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members achieve a work-life balance. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications, as stated above, MUST include one of the following statements in their application package. Applications that do not include this information will be deemed incomplete. 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
