Skip to content 
 
 wordsanddoodles 
 Blog by a Danish linguist with a love for language and an urge to doodle 
 Sidebar 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Buy me a coffee 
 Shop 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Instagram @wordsanddoodlesblog 
 
  Instagram  
 
 Top posts (most views) 
 
   
 
 Qu'est-ce que c'up? 
 
   
 
 Peach at the beach 
 Categories 
 
 animals 
 comics 
 digital art 
 DIY 
 drawingvideos 
 family 
 fanart 
 food 
 garden 
 harrypotter 
 Inktober2018 
 Inktober2019 
 Inktober2020 
 life 
 people 
 Seasons 
 shop update 
 sustainability 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Follow wordsanddoodles on WordPress.com 
 Video 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1cKyT0V2Wg&t=13s 
 job 
 Summer jobs 
 July 3, 2019July 3, 2019   vejrupjo art ,  doodle ,  drawing ,  illustration ,  job ,  laptop ,  summer ,  work Leave a comment 
 I recently got a new communications job, woohoo! 
 It's not actually a summer job, I just happened to start in the beginning of summer. And I'm really happy to be working again. 
 It's a lot of fun getting to know new people and doing some writing, web administration and graphic design again. You'd think I wouldn't have time to doodle, but I'm actually doodling A LOT when I have time off. Just haven't come around to posting, but I'm hoping to do get into it again on a more regular basis. 
 I also recently got a second gig making a poster illustration for a friend's sports club, which I hope to share on here when it's done. Another fun and challenging "summer job"! 
 I don't actually work sitting on a pillow on the floor, but I saw a girl working on her laptop in the park sitting like this. And it looked kind of comfortable. Maybe I'll try it out. It was fun to draw! 
 Drawing process: 
 Drawn with black marker on some shiny photo paper (which I found in my pile of unused drawing paper). Then I edited the doodle a bit and coloured it in using Adobe Illustrator and my Wacom drawing tablet as usual. I redrew the hands digitally, because they looked strange in the original drawing. To me, hands are one of the most difficult things to draw! 
 Summer jobs 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
