Skip to content 
 
 Interplay of Light 
 
 Sidebar 
 Graphics programmer spending most of my waking hours making pixels prettier and faster. This blog is my scratchpad for graphics techniques I try and experiment with. The opinions expressed herein are my own. 
 Follow @KostasAAA 
 Recent Posts 
 
 RDNA 2 hardware raytracing 
 To z-prepass or not to z-prepass 
 What is shader occupancy and why do we care about it? 
 Adding support for two-level acceleration for raytracing 
 Using Embree generated BVH trees for GPU raytracing 
 
 Categories 
 
 D3D11 
 Education 
 Global Illumination 
 Graphics programming 
 Graphics Techniques 
 Graphics Tricks 
 PBR 
 Performance 
 Raytracing 
 SharpDX 
 Signed Distance Fields 
 Tools 
 Uncategorized 
 Unity 
 Unreal 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 February 2020 
 September 2019 
 March 2019 
 September 2018 
 July 2018 
 May 2018 
 March 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 December 2014 
 March 2014 
 December 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Search for: 
 Applying for a graphics programming job 
 July 17, 2018July 19, 2018   Kostas Anagnostou Education ,  Graphics programming ,  Job applications 
 Over the past few years I have interviewed a lot of people for graphics programming posts, both experienced and junior and I’d like to share some thoughts on how can one prepare themselves better for the process. This post is a sort of continuation of the previous one about  how can one start learning graphics programming . 
 This advice applies mainly to junior graphics programmers, I imagine that if you are an experienced one you know what you are doing. Also I should point out that this is from my experience in the various companies that I have worked at. Other companies might view the process differently or have different criteria for selecting applicants. 
 Before the application 
 Think about why you want to become a graphics programmer. Playing games (and enjoying AAA graphics) alone is not enough. Neither that you’ve done a graphics course as part of your degree, necessarily. Have you ever scribbled a shader in  Shadertoy ? Have you pushed a shader in a university course above and beyond the requirements, eg to add a cubemap or refraction to water and been amazed by the result? Have you ever been inspired by Pixar’s CGI movies and attempted to raytrace some spheres in C++? These are all good signs. 
 In short, you must have a passion for computer graphics and a desire to keep on learning and expanding your knowledge as graphics technology is probably the fastest changing. 
 In terms of graphics knowledge and experience, for a junior programming role the interviewer won’t expect you to have practical experience in a wide range of topics. To increase your chances through, you should have a decent theoretical background in graphics. To know, for example, the difference between specular and diffuse lighting, what texture mipmapping is, the 3D transforms we use when rendering, the GPU pipeline stages, maybe the difference between deferred and forward rendering. Be aware that the performance is important in real time rendering and mention a couple of ways to improve it. 
 Take a look at this  list . The more topics from it you are familiar with, the better. 
 Preparing the application 
 Any junior programming role is a big investment for a company, a junior graphics programming role even more as it is very specialised. This is the reason why they are, unfortunately, very rare in the games industry, which means that competition for a post might be intense. 
 It is imperative that your passion and enthusiasm about graphics is obvious to the prospective employers, initially through your CV and portfolio. Employers usually receive many CVs for evaluation and, out of necessity, might have little time to devote to each. You must make sure that your CV will grab their attention. 
 In general a prospective employer will look for two things (for a junior post), first if you know how to program (likely in C++) and what graphics programming experience (and knowledge) you have. So, start with your work experience, if you have any, and emphasise anything programming and graphics related. Then education, again highlighting any courses that had a graphics and programming component, eg a course project or your dissertation. Don’t go too wide, spending a lot of space on stuff that are not directly related to the role (like web programming, or Java). They are definitely worth mentioning as part of your general experience though. 
 Avoid sending an overly generic CV for a graphics programming post. As mentioned above, try to list and emphasize any graphics experience/knowledge. 
 If the prospective employer finds your CV interesting, they will look for a portfolio of your work. You must strive to create one as it will boost your application significantly. At the very minimum it can be a web site with university projects, with descriptions, images and source code. Images show the quality of your graphics work and source code the quality of your code so don’t forget to include both. If you have a github with personal graphics projects and techniques that you experiment with in your own time (in Unity or C++ and a graphics API etc), add it, it will enhance the application even more. Don’t forget to add many screenshots and description of features. Any graphics work is valuable and should be included in your portfolio. 
 You can send your application via a job agent or directly via the company’s website. Prefer the second way if you can as it allows you to express your interest in a specific company/project better (and it shows that you are keen). Also send your CV in PDF format if possible as there is no guarantee how the Word format will end up on the other end. 
 During the interview 
 The interview process can vary dramatically between companies and it can be in stages, a short, "get to know you", interview first followed by more. It can be in the form of a test, or a chat with employees (most usually the lead graphics programmer or engine programmer) or both. You will be asked to demonstrate both your coding and graphics knowledge but more importantly you will need to show your love for graphics programming and the desire to learn (and be taught), which is something prospective employers will keenly look for. If you have a laptop with some graphics demos you’ve created you can bring it to the interview (just make sure that they all run correctly beforehand). Finally don’t forget to ask questions about the company, the culture, what your role entails, who and how will mentor you, what training is on offer, if they have a library of graphics books, if they send people to graphics conferences. A choice of a particular company is as much an important decision for you as it is the employer’s so choose wisely! 
 Good luck! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Applying for a graphics programming job 
 Post navigation 
 <- How to start learning graphics programming? 
 Hybrid raytraced shadows part 2: performance improvements -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
