Skip to content 
 North Saskatchewan Independent Living Centre Inc. 
 NSILC promotes the integration of people with disabilities 
 Menu 
 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 October 2, 2018 northsaskatchewanindependentlivingcentre Leave a Comment on 5 Things To Do Before You Start Searching For A New Job 
 5 Things To Do Before You Start Searching For A New Job 
 Whether you are stuck at a job you don’t like, were recently laid off, are just starting out in the workforce, or haven’t been working for awhile due to health reasons, searching for a job can be overwhelming. There are many things to take into consideration before you start looking for a new job, from finding the right company to building the perfect resume. It can be a difficult process, even for the most professional job seeker. 
 Creating the Perfect Cover Letter and Resume Can Be Challenging 
 So, to help you start your job search on the right foot, this article takes job seekers through some quick steps to help you clarify your goals, stay motivated, and get prepared to find the right job. Follow these five steps, and you just might find that the job search is not as overwhelming as you thought. 
 1. Commit Time to the Job Search 
 In many cases, the main reason it’s so hard to get started and stay motivated is that searching for a job is a daunting task. This massive undertaking involves hours of looking through job postings, creating a resume, tailoring cover letters, and finally nailing the interview process. Plus, you must do all this on top of all your other time commitments, such as work, family, and school. 
 However, there are many ways to reduce the workload to make it more manageable. First, break the different tasks into smaller chunks, so that you can plan your day. For example, you could take a couple hours in the morning to research dream jobs. Then, in the afternoon, you could take an hour to update a section of your resume. 
 2. Contact People in your Network 
 In many cases, jobs are being filled without being advertised online or on job boards. This makes finding the perfect job harder in today’s market. However, there is a way around this problem – Use your network. In fact, today more than ever before, networking leads to more informal hires within companies that do not post positions to the public. 
 A referral from a friend, family member, or acquaintance is more likely to get you an interview or simply hired simply because the human resource departments are busy. So, remember that everyone you talk to presents a new opportunity to find a job. Those people at the Rock Concert you went to? Your neighbours at the Canada Day BBQ? Your basketball teammates? They might all know of a position that would fit your skills just right. Don’t just use the old ways of job hunting – get out, get to know lots of different people, and don’t forget to mention you are looking for a job! 
 3. Clean Up Your Social Media Pages 
 Many companies use Google search to check out a potential candidate before making any decisions. The different social media sites can raise some red flags and could cost you the job. Before you start searching for jobs, clean up your Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn Pages. There are a few steps you can take to protect your information online. First, if It’s questionable don’t post it online. Second, check your privacy settings on your social media accounts. Finally, you can use a false name if you don’t want to be monitored by companies. 
 4. Take Care of Yourself 
 All that hard work and time spent searching for a job is important – but your spare time matters, too. The more you take care of yourself, the better you’ll look to contacts and potential employers. Now that you’ve decided to look for a job, make sure that you take care of yourself on a physical, mental, and emotional level, too. 
 Take Care of Yourself by Getting Outside for a Short Walk 
 You can begin by  creating positive routines  – start exercising, eating healthy meals, and spending quality time with loved ones. In fact, you can also use your spare time to work on a new skill that will help your job hunt or start a new hobby: learn how to blog, take a public speaking course, learn how to cook, work in the garden, volunteer for a local non-profit, and just have fun! Remember – these events are all possible networking opportunities, too. 
 5. Look for Some Accountability 
 Most of the time, you probably know someone in your circle that is in the same boat – looking for a job at the same time you are. In fact, they are probably procrastinating just as much as you are when it comes to finding the right job. If this happens to be the case, get together and help each other accomplish your short-term goals. Then, commit to meeting up regularly to make sure you both accountable with your job search. Not only does teaming up provide accountability but it also gives you the motivation knowing you must be responsible for your activities during the week. 
 However, if you happen to need more help with the job search process there are many resources out there, from staffing agencies to non-profit groups aiding with certifications. The North Saskatchewan Independent Living Center has many programs to help disabled individuals with the job search, from the entrepreneurs with disabilities program to the accessible career connections program. 
 Searching for a job is not always the easiest process but it can lead to a fulfilling job in the end, which will be worth it. Don’t delay any longer – start looking today. 
 52.130132 -106.657987 
 Saskatoon, SK, Canada 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Published by northsaskatchewanindependentlivingcentre 
  View all posts by northsaskatchewanindependentlivingcentre  
 Categories  Job Seeking Tags  career ,  careers ,  disabilities ,  disability ,  employment ,  hiring ,  job ,  jobs ,  mentalhealth ,  sask ,  saskatchewan ,  saskatoon ,  staffingagency ,  work ,  yxe 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Next 5 Ways To Keep Going When The Job Hunt Gets Tough 
 Search for: 
 Follow Us 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Follow North Saskatchewan Independent Living Centre Inc. on WordPress.com 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 search previous next tag category expand menu location phone mail time cart zoom edit close 
