Skip to content 
  The Heroine's Journey  
 You Are the Storyteller of Your Own Life. Create Your Own Legend, - Or Not! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Peter 
 
 About Peter 
 Book Peter to Speak 
 The Heroine's Journey Today 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 For Individuals 
 
 Virtual Journeys 
 
 Hello Storytelling 
 Storytelling for Business 
 Stories for Innovation 
 Storytelling for Speakers 
 Stories for Change 
 From Stories to Action 
 Stories to Unlock Creativity 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 In the Company of Heroines 
 
 
 One Day Trips 
 
 Storyteller in One Day 
 Corporate Storyteller in One Day 
 Financial Storyteller in One Day 
 Know Your Story in One Day 
 
 
 Three Day Journeys 
 
 The Power of your Story 
 The Leader's Story 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 Your Clients Story 
 The New Storytellers 
 The Heroine's Journey 
 The Innovator's Story 
 
 
 Winter Schools 
 
 Winter School in Rome 
 Winter School in Paris 
 Winter School in London 
 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 How it Works 
 
 For Travellers 
 For Mentors 
 
 
 Become a Mentor 
 Finding the Right Mentor 
 
 
 Specials & Experiences 
 
 The Heroine's Confidence 
 Conference 
 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 
 
 
 For Business 
 
 The Heroine's Journey Talks 
 The StoryLab 
 The Story Expedition 
 Brand Story Partnership 
 Become a Story Coach 
 
 
 One Great Story 
 
 Career Management for Creative Professionals 
 Travel Solo:  Career Management for Creative Professionals 
 
 Start Date: Any time you want 
 Time: In your own pace. 
 Form: Unlimited life long access to online learning journey 
 Price: Euro 89 including VAT 
 
 Book your journey by contacting Peter at theherojourneyquestionnaires@gmail.com 
 Attention all creative professionals- even if your chosen profession is not the most traditional one, cultivating and growing a successful, financially rewarding career is still your goal. In "Career Management for Creative Professionals Peter de Kuster provides you with expert advice on overcoming some of the specific challenges faced by right-brainers who want a career that is both satisfying and successful. 
 Freelancers, those thinking about changing careers midstream, and even creative people working in corporate environments need a set of skills that will turn their passion into a viable career. These skills include: 
 
 How to chose the career that best suits your talents 
 Setting realistic goals using right-brain techniques 
 How to avoid the pitfalls that ruin a creative career 
 How to schmooze your way to success 
 How to create a business plan when you are the business 
 How to be disciplined when you are your own boss 
 
 When you find an outlet for your creativity in the form of a acting career, you’ll discover a freedom in your working life that you can live with for the long term. You can follow your passion, build a brilliant career, and have financial security -- if you know which skills to use. Let Peter show you the way. 
 Join us for a truly transformational vacation for the mind. 
 About Peter de Kuster 
 Peter de Kuster is the founder of The Heroine’s Journey & Hero’s Journey project,  a storytelling firm which helps creative professionals to create careers and lives based on whatever story is most integral to their lifes and careers (values, traits, skills and experiences). Peter’s approach combines in-depth storytelling and marketing expertise, and for over 20 years clients have found it effective with a wide range of creative business issues. 
 Peter is writer of the series The Heroine’s Journey and Hero’s Journey books, he has an MBA in Marketing,  MBA in Financial Economics and graduated at university in Sociology and Communication Sciences. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
