Work At Home Philippines 
 Helping You Start a Business at Home 
   
 Search 
 Main menu 
 Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Contributors 
 Privacy Policy 
 Sitemap 
 Suppliers List 
 Work At Home Guide 
 Work at Home Job Offers: Get Paid to Answer Survey Questions 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Top 6 Best Work At Home Jobs & Opportunities 
 Posted on  May 31, 2009  by   admin 
 In this age of technology, it is not impossible now to work at home and earn a living staying with your family and doing all the jobs in the comfort of your own home. This special edition post here at work at home ph will help you explore different types of  work at home jobs and opportunity  that you can start today. Before we talk about this opportunity be reminded that, in order to get paid in this type of jobs, you must also have a way to receive money at home. The best way is to create an account to an online payment processor, such as paypal to get your money from the jobs you did. 
 Work At Home As A Content Writer 
 Being a writer is a lucrative job. Most people working in this type of jobs have the pleasure of working at home at any flexible time while earning dollars. Most of the time, the writer is paid per project or by the hour. If you know how to write articles in English and is comfortable to work and write on different topics (even those you don't know) then you are in a really great position. If you like to learn and read and research things that you don't know and be able to write compelling articles after that, then there is no job difficult for you. 
 A work at home writer can earn hundreds of dollars just sitting infront of his computer. He do a little research and he will be able to come up with a great article that clients will love. And of course a client most likely purchase more articles from them. These clients might be website owners or business owners that needs articles for their websites and business sites. Keep in mind though that being a writer also hold a responsibility. Plagiarism and copying of content is a big no no in this business. Clients will know if you copy stuff and sell the articles to them. If they found out, you will lose clients and your reputation as well. Build you reputation with honesty and diligence and clients will be flooding your emails begging for you to write articles for them. 
 
 Work at home Writer 
 Apply as a work at home writer 
 
 Work At Home Filling Up Surveys Online 
 Companies will pay lots of money just to know the market 's opinion . These companies know the importance of market research and that is why they need people to fill out a survey for them so they can plan ahead their business strategy. This is where you will come in. Companies will email you their questionaires or have a website where they will post their surveys and you can participate and get paid for every survey you complete. This is a very easy job that pays in dollars. You have the luxury to pick what kind of survey you will answer as well. People who work at home filling up surveys may find themselves enjoying and because of the easy job, companies are happy as well because of the honest answers you will give. 
 We have a tutorial about: 
 
 Work at home paid online surveys 
 Work at Home: Get Paid Filling Up Surveys 
 
 Work At Home With Data Entry Jobs 
 Data entry jobs has been there since the first days of offline businesses. Businesses needs someone to enter data into their spreadsheets, type some articles in a type writer or just for book keeping. Data entry jobs on the internet has been so popular and because everyone can use the internet may know how to type, almost everybody can apply for this job. Data entry jobs are the foundation of every business so almost all business needs them, which makes it a possible candidate for a high chance to get hired. 
 
 Apply Data Entry Jobs 
 
 Work At Home As Virtual Assistants 
 Virtual assistants are kind of like a personal assistants for online business owners, the only difference is that you can work at home using your computer to do the work and communicate with your employer. This type of work at home job allows you to do the task of your employer that is too grunt or manual for them. Like for example, you might find yourself a webmaster employer, to be his virtual assistant, he might make you do some jobs that are related to the web like simple coding, design of his website. Take note that it depends entirely on your employer on what job you will do. This type of job requires the employer to train you and personally communicate so that you can do the job well. 
 Know your skills and what you can do. There are lots of business owners needing virtual assistants. Find the one that is right for you. 
 
 Work at home virtual assistants 
 
 Work At Home Blogger 
 A blogger is someone who "blogs". A blog is a term for web log. Meaning a day to day account of what is happening in a person's life. There's 2 types of jobs for a blogger. A professional blogger, who writes on other blogs, most of the time a company's blog, and get paid for it. On the other hand, there is a blogger who is self supported. Meaning, he only writes on his own blog or more blogs that he owns and gets paid by having advertisements on their blog. 
 The latter part is a self employed one and the income depends entirely on the person's blog revenue. They have their own website on a paid or free blog hosting and build their site on a platform that allows them to blog like WordPress. 
 Being a professional blogger allows you to write content for other sites. This type of job can also be considered as a writer that we have discussed above. The self employed blogger have their own websites and his own boss. If you want to get started as a self employed blogger, you will need to build your own website. 
 We have made a step by step tutorial about  work at home blogging . 
 Work At Home Web Design & Development 
 This job is more on the technical side of working at home. The job is a high paying one but requires the knowledge of a professional designer and web programmer. If you have the knowledge of coding and design web sites, then this one is right for you. This kind of job is in demand and will never have enough. Because there are literally millions and millions of websites created everyday, this type of job will never ran out of possible employment. 
 WHERE TO GO FROM HERE? 
 There are different websites that you can visit and register to  work at home . Some are paid and some are free. Be responsible enough to do some background check about the company first before signing up for them. 
 Other Related Work At Home Jobs / Businesses / Opportunities 
 
 Work at home forex trader 
 Different Home Based Businesses 
 
 This entry was posted in  online jobs  and tagged  work at home ,  work at home jobs ,  work at home opportunity ,  work from home  by  admin . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 51 thoughts on "Top 6 Best Work At Home Jobs & Opportunities" 
 Comment navigation 
 <- Older Comments 
 
 lorna  on  September 17, 2011 at 7:10 pm  said: 
 
 pls… i want to earn money at home. wish you could me one? tnx po 
 Comment navigation 
 <- Older Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 (C) 2013  Work at Home Philippines . A happy  web hosting philippines  customer of sh. 
