
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 The Flex Company (S16) 
 Modern period care. 
 VP of Products & Supply Chain 
 
 Location 
 Los Angele, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About The Flex Company 
 We have a beautiful, sunny office in Venice, California. We are dog-friendly. We offer above market salary and top tier health benefits (medical, dental vision), and cover 90% for employees and 85% for dependents. 
 Our Shared Values: 
 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview) 
 
 About the role 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative and sustainable period products. Our mission is to create industry-defining products and services that set a new global standard for period health. Four years ago we launched the most innovative period product since the tampon: the menstrual disc. It had been nearly 80 years since the tampon was introduced, and our new product was quickly embraced by consumers everywhere. Flex started as a digitally native brand with one product, and quickly grew to a family of period products sold online and in top national retailers such as Target, CVS, and Walgreens. Today, we are the #1 alternative period product brand that is changing the culture and conversation around periods. 
 The Flex Disc™and Flex Cup™ generate 60% less waste than tampons and pads and can be worn for up to 12 hours, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 We are looking for a seasoned operator to become our next executive managing our Product Development, Brand Management, Customer Insights, and Supply Chain business functions. This executive will ensure speed to market and quality of our innovation agenda from ideation to fulfillment. 
 Responsibilities: Deep and evolving understanding of the entire consumer goods product cycle from sourcing to marketing Be a key voice in shaping operational plans for category leading products & company Own financial model and customer insights driven Product Roadmap that aligns with retail sales cycle and meets revenue targets OTIF (on time and in full) >99% for all SKUs and new product introductions Own CapEx decisions that minimize risk while supporting rapid growth KPI / metric based leadership of fast growing functions Support, manage and motivate a team of 15-20 people 
 About you: You are numbers driven. You are comfortable owning P&L up, down and all around. You have diverse experience in one or more of the functional areas to be overseen, ie: supply chain, sourcing, brand management, & maybe throw in a little marketing. You are a thoughtful operator and leader. You ask the right questions vs. knowing the right answers, lead by example, mentor and support your team. You’re values-driven. You are already a champion and guardian of Flex’s values & vision before you start. 
 Requirements: Experience operating a business unit with a 7+ figure budget Commercialized multiple products Strong understanding of consumer goods space and experience with physical product Experience working in a regulated industry a plus, but not required 
 In 1 month you will: Build relationships with your team and the rest of the leadership team Understand, align on , and help prioritize quarterly goals 
 In 3 months you will: Provide expertise and guidance to your team that helps them achieve their goals Be a trusted thought partner to the CEO and other leadership team members 
 In 6 months you will: Have solved or clear line of sight to solving major bottlenecks or challenges facing your functions Develop a two year vision for product development & supply chain. 
 Our shared values: 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday. 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview!). 
 About The Flex Company 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative, sustainable, life-changing period products. After years of disappointment and discomfort trying dozens of products, Lauren Schulte Wang founded Flex to create body-safe, medical grade alternatives that outperform traditional period products. The Flex Disc and Flex Cup generate 60% less waste and have the capacity of up to three super tampons, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 Flex is sold at over 25,000 stores across the US and is the #1 alternative period product brand based on units sold. Committed to making its life-changing products accessible to as many people possible, Flex is available at Target, CVS, and Walgreens, and at flexfits.com. 
 The Flex Company is dedicated to equity in all that we do: from hiring to the design of our flagship products. Diversity is not a nice-to-have. It’s critical to the ideas, talent, and processes that help us create the most positive impact for our customers and for each other as colleagues. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, age, and other protected classes. We encourage people of all backgrounds and identities including Black and other under-represented minorities to apply to be a team member at The Flex Company. 
 We pay competitive salaries, equity, & benefits including (but not limited to) medical, dental and vision health insurance, paid parental leave, cell phone reimbursement, and $1,000 annual learning credit to apply to anything that helps you grow professionally. 
 Technology 
 Our website is built on Shopify and use Recharge for our subscription payments; we use BrightPearl OMS for our backend 
 Other jobs at The Flex Company 
 Creative Director 
 fulltime 
 Venice, Los Angeles, CA 
 Brand/Graphic Design 
 11+ years 
 PPC / Google Ads Manager 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 Accountant 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 VP of Products & Supply Chain 
 fulltime 
 Los Angele, CA 
 6+ years 
 Supply Chain Manager, Fulfillment  
 fulltime 
 California, United States 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
