Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Transfer Pricing Analyst/Specialist 
 KPMG 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
Grow, learn and lead at every point in your career with KPMG. 
 Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides Audit, Tax and Advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment and flexibility, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. 
 If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team! 
 Our dynamic Tax practice in Calgary is growing and we are seeking an Analyst/Specialist to join the Transfer Pricing team. If you enjoy working on diverse, interesting assignments for global companies, and working in a rapid-paced dynamic environment, transfer pricing may be the career for you. 
 Transfer pricing applies to international intercompany transactions on goods, services and intangibles. Transfer pricing is a tax practice intended to show that intercompany pricing by a business is fair to all parties to a transaction. This is an important consideration because tax authorities are concerned that inaccurate transfer pricing will reduce profits, and thus income taxes payable, in the respective countries. 
 In a survey of multinationals, not only were transfer pricing considered the most important international tax issue facing those companies, but it was deemed more important than all other international tax issues combined. As markets become more global, as companies continue to expand throughout the world, and as tax authorities become increasingly knowledgeable and aggressive with regard to transfer pricing, we expect transfer pricing to continue to be the most important and challenging international tax issue facing our clients. 
 Start date is expected in January 2021. 
 What you will do: 
Providing compliance-related tax services, such as documentation or informational reporting 
Using databases to extract and analyze information on public companies 
Writing reports and related deliverables that involve understanding the economics of cross-border transactions and documenting and analyzing clients' transfer pricing policies 
Assisting in research about the client, its business, and industry 
Working with the international tax team and other tax specialties on structuring international cross-border transactions 
Help develop transfer pricing policies and strategies to assist clients in managing exposure to transfer pricing issues 
Performing risk analysis of companies by reviewing their operations and identifying potential transfer pricing issues 
Doing reconciliations of income statements and applying quantitative and analytical skills 
 At times, business needs arise and employees are required and agree to work beyond their normal work day or work week to fulfill the accountabilities required for their job. Likewise, people need extra time to devote to personal matters, and our approach to flexibility provides for this. 
 What you bring to this role: 
2 - 3 years of experience in transfer pricing with an accounting firm, applied economics, or economics consulting. 
An undergraduate degree in economics, commerce, or law or a masters degree in business administration and/or economics. 
An accounting designation (CA, CMA or CGA) is an asset but not required. 
Ability to work both independently and within a team environment. 
Experience with on-line research and/or working with databases. 
Excellent organizational and time management skills in order to handle multiple projects with deadlines. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Computer skills including experience with Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
Willingness and the ability to learn new skills, e.g. learning to navigate and use various databases and analyzing tax guidelines. 
 Our Values, The KPMG Way: 
Integrity, we do what is right | Excellence, we never stop learning and improving | Courage, we think and act boldly | Together, we respect each other and draw strength from our differences | For Better, we do what matters 
 KPMG in Canada is a proud equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating a respectful, inclusive and barrier-free workplace that allows all of our people to reach their full potential. A diverse workforce is key to our success and we believe in bringing your whole self to work. We welcome all qualified candidates to apply and hope you will choose KPMG in Canada as your employer of choice. 
 If you have a question about accessible employment at KPMG, or to begin a confidential conversation about your individual accessibility or accommodation needs through the recruitment process, we encourage you to contact KPMG’s Employee Relations Service team for support at email: cdnersteam@kpmg.ca or phone: 416-777-8002 or toll free 1-888-466-4778 Option 3. 
 For general recruitment-related inquiries, please contact the HR Delivery Centre at cafmcdnhrsthotline@kpmg.ca. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
