Nick deLannoy 
 Software Engineer 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 GitHub 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Nick 
 Posted on 
 July 8, 2017 
 Posted under 
 MEAN ,  MEAN Project - Slack Clone ,  Project Week 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Job Search… Complete! 
 So, last Friday was my graduation day at the Dojo. Armando was already on a plane back to Florida, so Leibel and I were the only two of our group around for the final presentation. I'll write more about it later when I get back to the correct chronological order of my posts, but I must say this project week was a blast! It was great to have a third group member and the project was a really cool app of our choice this time, Slack!﻿ 
 Anyways, Leibel and I worked out some kinks in the morning, and we added a few extra bells and whistles in the early afternoon. Our final presentation went well, and in the ten minute break between presentations and the graduation ceremony, I took my phone out of my pocket and saw that I had a missed call from an unknown number. 
 Now, I should probably mention here that I had just had an interview the day before with the founder of a local startup. I left the interview thinking it was one of my best yet, but I'd thought that plenty of times before so my hopes were not high. Then again, I had been referred for this interview by a strong connection gained at Coding Dojo, so maybe my hopes were a bit higher than usual after all. Plus the position sounded way cooler than any other job I'd been pursuing so far. 
 Basically, the company has been chugging along for two years with a single developer (the founder) and it's gotten to the point where it's time to take on some extra help to continue growing. Being the second member on a two person dev team means I would need to wear a lot of hats, learn a whole bunch of stuff really quickly, and make significant contributions toward the company's success! Sounds like a great opportunity to kickstart my professional career! 
 Back to last Friday, I quickly navigated through the kitchen to a quieter place in the Dojo and called back the unknown number. Turns out it was indeed the founder I interviewed with the day before, and he was calling to ask what questions I had about the offer letter he emailed me a couple hours ago! I told him I was just finishing up project presentations and hadn't checked it yet, and I'd get back to him later. When I walked back out of the kitchen to the dojo crowd, I had a big grin on my face as I announced, "I got the job!" 
 A round of high-fives ensued. And then I graduated from Coding Dojo. 
 What's next? 
 I must admit, I wasn't expecting to reach the end of my job search so quickly! I didn't get a chance to go through "career readiness week" at the dojo, and I hope I don't regret missing it. I'm a bit nervous about starting on Monday, and I think I might have a bit of an imposter syndrome thing going on, but I'm still super excited to get to work. Most of all though, I'm totally pumped about getting the opportunity to work on a large variety of software! I'm going to be working with Rails, JavaScript, Objective-C, Swift, PostgreSQL and probably a bunch of other languages and frameworks for both web and mobile development. Can't wait! 
 I've got a couple more days left before the big first day on Monday, so I'm taking the time to refresh some skills and learn a few new ones too (trying to become a vim power user, among other things). I'll try to keep the blog updated periodically, and I still want to finish up the last couple weeks of bootcamp posts, so keep an eye out for those. Until next time! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 blog 
 Career 
 Coding Dojo 
 Developer Journey 
 Imposter Syndrome 
 JavaScript 
 Job 
 Job search 
 Project 
 Project Week 
 Slack 
 Software Engineer 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Day 54 - Express and Sockets! 
 Background Processing for Image Uploads with Rails on Heroku -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 About 
 I am a Full Stack Software Engineer currently located in Chicago. I like photography, travel, mountains, dogs, cats, languages, and music. I started this blog to keep track of my developer journey, and I am currently employed at  MarketSquare . 
 This blog contains bits and pieces of my experience at the Coding Dojo onsite bootcamp at the Chicago campus, as well as things I've learned in my career since then. Feel free to contact me with any questions or comments! 
 Categories 
 
 CSS 
 Daily Log 
 Django 
 Express 
 Flask 
 Full Stack 
 HTML 
 iOS 
 JavaScript 
 jQuery 
 MEAN 
 MEAN Project - Slack Clone 
 Mobile Development 
 Node 
 Pre-Bootcamp 
 Project Week 
 Python 
 Python Project - Google Drive Clone 
 Ruby 
 Ruby on Rails 
 Ruby Project - Zillow Clone 
 Swift 
 Uncategorized 
 Web Fundamentals 
 Work Experience 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2017  (1) 
 July 2017  (2) 
 June 2017  (5) 
 May 2017  (11) 
 April 2017  (17) 
 March 2017  (10) 
 
 Search 
 Search 
 Tags 
 AJAX   Algorithms   API   Belt Exam   Belt Reviewer   Black Belt   blog   blogging   Bootcamp   Chicago   Clone   Code Examples   Coding Dojo   Collaboration   Coursera   CSS   Database   Developer Journey   Django   DRY   Flask   Fundamentals   GitHub   HTML   iOS   JavaScript   Jinja   Job   Job search   jQuery   MAMP   Materialize   models   MTV   MVC   MVP   MySQL   OOP   ORM   Pair Programming   Partials   Pre-Bootcamp   Project   Project Week   Python   Regular Expressions   Routes   RSpec   Ruby   Server   Speaker   SQL   Swift   TDD   Templates   Validation   virtualenv   Virtual Environment   WebFun   Yellow Belt 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
