Skip to content 
 
 Dr Ida E Bailey 
 
 Menu 
 
 Overview 
 Research and fieldwork 
 Publications 
 Media 
 Collaborators 
 Conservation 
 Students 
 Contact 
 
   
 Research and fieldwork 
 Sunbird Foraging Behaviour 
 Animals often have access to a wide range of information they could use to inform and refine their decisions. They do not however always use it. I am collaborating with Professor  Sue Nicolson  and master’s degree student  Celiwe Ngcamphalala  at the University of Pretoria to better understand how and when sunbirds will use taste to inform their foraging decisions and what influences how they choose among differently shaped flowers. 
 Post-doctoral research, University of St-Andrew 
July 2014-Current 
 
 The Role of Cognition in Nest Building 
 With many similarities to tool use, nest construction is a useful behaviour to study when trying to understand the evolution and nature of physical cognition. I am interested in the role of learning in birds nest building behaviour and what criteria the birds attend to when constructing their nests e.g. the colour and structure of nest material. 
 Post-doctoral research,  The Healy Lab ,University of St-Andrew 
April 2012-June 2015 
 
 Cooperative Hunting and Group Decision Making 
 Interested in the factors influencing group movements particularly cooperative hunting, I worked with Professor  Alan Wilson  and colleges on the  CARDyAL project , writing an extensive review on the factors influencing group hunting behaviour and studying the factors influencing movement coordination in flocks of sheep. 
 Post-doctoral research, The Structure and Motion Laboratory , Royal Veterinary College, Hatfield, December 2011-April 2012 
 
 Hummingbird Foraging Behaviour 
 Interested in the economics and ecology of animals' foraging decisions, I use artificial flowers to investigate the foraging behaviour of Rufous hummingbirds including: their use of taste to decide what to drink and their responses to variation in reward quality (risk-sensitivite choice) and competition from other hummingbirds. 
 Rufus hummingbirds 
 
 To gain more insight into hummingbirds' foraging ecology I used pollen samples and sightings to identify which wild flowers they visited. 
 
 I also used microsatellite DNA to identify genetic differences among populations breeding either side of the Rocky Mountains. 
 Doctoral research, The Institute of Evolutionary Biology,  University of Edinburgh, Supervisors:  Sue Healy ,  Josephine Pemberton  and  Andy Hurly , September 2006 - March 2010 
 In The Field 
 Over the last 20+ years I have amassed a wealth of field experience, working in a variety habitats surveying for and researching a wider range of different species including: North American raptors, burrowing owls, flowers and habitats, sunbirds, weaverbirds, otters, water voles, badgers, salmon, blanding's turtle, dragonflies, butterflies and moths. 
 Ferruginous hawk Burrowing owl Swainson's hawk Juv. Cape weaverbird Male calliope hummingbird 
   
 Otters 
   
 Wildflower meadows 
   
 Dragonfiles 
   
 Marbled white butterflies 
   
 Vegetation distribution in arid environments 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
