  
 Open Menu 
 
 Solutions
 
 Analytics 
 Back-office Support 
 Business Continuity 
 Customer Care 
 Sales and Growth 
 Security 
 Technology 
 
 
 Industries
 
 Energy 
 Financial 
 Healthcare 
 Telecom and Media 
 Retail 
 Travel 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blogs 
 Articles 
 Collateral 
 E-Book 
 Infographic 
 Success Stories 
 Video 
 
 
 Company
 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Responsibility 
 
 
 Contact 
 Work at Home __ 
 
 Call Center Outsourcing 1 minute read 
 Recognized by FlexJobs as a Woman-owned, Remote-workforce Company 
 Kim Houlne 
 Don’t you just love the follow-on stories born from headline-making news. Such is the case with the recent piece, “ 15 Top Companies for Remote Jobs Run by Women. ” 
 Celebrating International Women’s Day this month, freelance-workforce leader FlexJobs posted the piece, taken from its  2019 Top 100 Companies with Remote Work , where Working Solutions placed #5. 
 In its latest posting, FlexJobs again highlights our on-demand contact center company, which I started 23 years ago in a one-person office. Working Solutions is now named along with other women-led businesses such as Appen, Williams-Sonoma and A Place for Mom, a client of ours. 
 Senior career specialist Brie Weiler Reynolds writes: “At majority remote companies, 19% of CEOs are women, compared to only 5% of  Fortune 500 companies  and 4.8% of  S&P 500 companies . Furthermore, 28% of completely remote companies have women CEOs, founders, or presidents.” 
 
 “At majority remote companies, 19% of CEOs are women, compared to only 5% of Fortune 500 companies and 4.8% of S&P 500 companies.”  Click To Tweet 
 
 The reasons why remote rules include more work-life flexibility and a leveler professional playing field. To them, we at Working Solutions—as a woman-run, remote-workforce company—would like to add: 
 
 Caring culture:  Fostered by leaders and embraced by liked-minded employees and agents (independent contractors). 
 Liberated approach:  Freed from traditional workplace constraints, redefining the rules and roles. 
 Shared purpose:  Achieved through common goals that unite workers, on staff and freelance. 
 
 FlexJobs spotlights businesswomen, unencumbered by institutional thinking, envisioning remote as change management in the making: “When it comes to the ongoing topic of women in leadership, there appears to be an interesting intersection between women leaders and remote work.” 
 So, here’s to the women who champion this change and make virtual viable. 
 
 Interestingly,  three of the five top companies for remote jobs in 2019 were either founded or cofounded by women, demonstrating the positive intersection between remote work and women  in leadership positions. 
 
 **  Flexjobs ** 
 Learn how Working Solutions makes remote work real. 
 Contact us. 
 by Kim Houlne on March 13, 2019 
Kim Houlne turned an idea into an industry. As Working Solutions founder, she pioneered virtual contact center services across the USA. Her company launched its home-based agent model...  read more 
 This Might Interest You... 
 
 Read More 
 
 Rising to #4 on FlexJobs’ 2021 Top 100 Companies 
 
 Read More 
 
 Working Solutions Spurs Growth with Housatonic Partners’ Investment 
 
 Read More 
 
 Tips to Stay Connected with Your Customers 
 Share 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 24 years of success, Working Solutions is a recognized leader in on-demand, onshore contact center outsourcing. 
 From across the U.S. and Canada, our workforce of sales, service and tech-support experts elevate customer care and improve business results. 
 
 Privacy 
 Careers 
 Responsibility 
 Private Resources 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working Solutions LLC 
 Contact 
