We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Python Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 PythonWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 NUVIA Inc. 
 ](/companies/nuvia-inc) 
 
 50-249 
 
 High performance silicon design for a compute-intensive world We live in a world where we create exponentially more data than we can process. The demands of users continue to rise and generational silicon improvements have slowed to a pace that can no longer keep up. At NUVIA we see an opportunity to reimagine silicon design to create a new class of processor that delivers the performance and energy efficiency needed to power the next era of computing. 
 Semiconductor Series B Open Source Opensource linux kernel development arm Paid Sick Days Team Workouts 
 All Jobs from NUVIA Inc. 
 SW - Data Center Software Architect$170K - 250KNUVIA Inc.Santa Clara, CA, US 
 Responsible for unifying our software development teams through technical direction. 
 open source opensource linux kernel development arm 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Python jobs Django jobs Ansible jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Python articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
