 ← Back to available vacancies  
 Deputy Country Director 
 Title  : Deputy Country Director (dep CD) 
 Duty Station  : Kabul Management Office (KMO), Kabul, Afghanistan 
 Reporting to  : Country Director 
 Immediate subordinates  : Head of PMERU , Head of Advocacy Unit, Head of Communications Unit, Resource Mobilization Specialist. 
 Swedish Committee for Afghanistan (SCA) has been working in Afghanistan since 1982 and is presently managing development programmes linked to five Strategic Objectives within Health, Education, Rural Livelihoods, Community Governance and Public Commitment, with a total annual budget of roughly USD 40 million. The total number of staff is around 6,000, of whom 16 are expatriates. SCAs office presence in Afghanistan consists of the Kabul Management Office (KMO) and five Regional Offices. In Sweden, SCA has 20 staff working at the Stockholm Management Office (SMO) and around 4 000 members organized in local chapters across the country. 
 In the last decade, SCA has undertaken a change process moving from a primarily humanitarian service delivery approach towards more of a developmental role, putting increasing emphasis on capacity development, rights-based programming and outcome orientation. The mission of SCA is to empower individuals, communities and local organizations, primarily in rural areas and with particular focus on women, girls, boys and vulnerable groups such as people with disabilities, so that they may participate fully in society and influence their own development. 
 Operations in Afghanistan are led by the Country Director (CD), ensuring that policies, the strategic plan, annual work plans and budgets and donor obligations are implemented and adhered to. The CD also ensures that relations with authorities, partners, donors and other stakeholders are maintained, and that a healthy collaboration and internal communication is ensured within the organisation in Afghanistan as well as with the office in Stockholm. The CD line manages three Directors, including one part-time Deputy Country Director, five unit managers and two Senior Advisors. SCA has recently established a new dedicated Deputy Country position in Afghanistan, with the role of supporting the CD and taking on delegated tasks and mandates. 
 Scope of work 
 The dedicated Deputy Country Director is based at KMO and reports to the Country Director. S/he works closely with the CD and the senior management, including Finance Director, Administration Director and Programme Director/ Deputy Country Director. The position is part of the Country Management Team, as well as the Senior Management Team. 
 The role of the dedicated Deputy CD is largely framed by shared and delegated responsibilities of the CD and in her/his direct supervision such as support to overall strategic programme development and coordination among departments and units, external networking and contacts with donors, NGOs and government authorities. This entails supervision of the PMERU (Planning, Monitoring, Evaluation and Reporting Unit), RM (Resource Mobilization Specialist) and the Advocacy and Communication units. Moreover, the dedicated Deputy CD heads the FSG (the Funding Steering Group) and related quality and assurance of proposals and resource mobilization and acts as the lead coordination of the SP (Strategic Planning) process. A more detailed outline of responsibilities and tasks is elaborated and agreed upon once the dedicated deputy CD is in place. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Academic degree, or equivalent, in relevant professional fields such as Political Sciences, Development Studies, Social Sciences, International Relations or Management 
 At least seven years of relevant work experience in managerial positions in the context of international development with NGOs, UN agencies and/or authorities. 
 
 Essential competence 
 
 Sound leadership/management and interpersonal skills 
 Good understanding of programme, financial and operational management processes 
 A solid understanding of rights-based approach, results-based management and strategic planning and reporting 
 Experience from international assignments in development countries 
 Experience of building personal networks at a senior level, resulting in securing new opportunities for the organisation 
 An interest and grasp of international development trends in the non-governmental sector 
 Aptitude to promote an organizational culture of trust, transparency, respect, partnership and gender equality 
 Ability to work well in unstable security environments 
 Excellent command of spoken and written English 
 
 Desirable competence 
 
 Experience of large-scale development programming 
 Experience from Afghanistan or similar conflict/post-conflict environments 
 Knowledge of Swedish 
 Knowledge of Dari and/or Pashtu 
 
 This recruitment is handled by Impactpool. Please note that we will only contact shortlisted candidates. 
 Apply from:  https://www.impactpool.org/jobs/539482 
 Placeholder title 
 SCA is a member-based aid and solidarity organization that works rights-based. We do opinion and advocacy work and fundraising. We work for and with the most vulnerable people in the Afghan countryside - women, girls, boys, people with disabilities as well as internally displaced people. SCA has over 6 000 Afghan employees. The programs are to the vast majority implemented in rural areas. SCA is operating in 14 of Afghanistan’s provinces. For more than 35 years we have been present among those in Afghanistan who need us most; despite war and conflict. We have decided to stay as long as we are needed. 
