Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Delivery Driver 
 TCP 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Delivery Driver for Amazon Delivery Service Partners 
 Shifts:  Morning, afternoon, weekday and/or weekend 
 Location:  Richmond, Burnaby, New Westminster, Vancouver 
 Compensation:  Paid per package. (125 or more packages/day) 
 Delivery Driver for Amazon Delivery Service Partners 
 Shifts:  Morning, afternoon, weekday and/or weekend 
 Location:  Richmond, Burnaby, New Westminster, Vancouver 
 Compensation:  Paid per package. (125 or more packages/day) 
 Are you interested in a new opportunity where you can work independently, make a difference in your community, and delight hundreds of customers every day? Apply to be a Delivery Driver for an Amazon Delivery Service Partner (DSP) today. DSPs provide contracted delivery services to Amazon and are hiring Delivery Drivers to meet growing customer demand as we approach the holiday season. DSPs offer competitive compensation, benefits, a great company culture, and opportunities for growth. No delivery experience required - apply today to schedule your in-person or virtual interview. DSPs are making on-the-spot job offers contingent on meeting eligibility requirements. 
 What You’ll Do: 
 As a Delivery Driver, you’ll drive a white cargo/delivery vehicle, delivering 125 or more packages per day. You will be a delivery hero in the neighborhoods you serve - delivering hundreds of smiles to customers every day in the form of critical supplies, household goods, toys and so much more. You can expect to work 4-5 days per week and up to 10 hours per day. 
 Why You’ll Love Working For a DSP: 
 
 Earn more  : competitive compensation starting at $175 per day 
 Independence  : spend the majority of your day on the road delivering smiles to customers 
 Stay active  : you’ll be on the move during your shift as you deliver packages from the delivery vehicle to the customer’s doorstep 
 Professional growth  : many DSPs offer career growth opportunities such as moving into Lead Driver, Dispatcher, or Operations Manager roles, and professional development and training 
 Team environment  : a fun, fast-paced, and supportive company culture 
 
 Job Requirements 
 What You’ll Need: 
 
 Must be at least 19 years old 
 Must have a valid driver's license 
 Must be able to move boxes up to 23kg., with or without reasonable accommodation 
 
 Health and safety are always a top priority for Amazon and the Delivery Service Partners Amazon contracts with. In partnership with one another,   Amazon and the DSPs continue to consult with medical and health experts, and take all recommended precautions to keep everyone healthy. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Commission 
 Salary: From $200.00 per day 
 Experience: 
 
 delivery driver: 1 year (Preferred) 
 driver: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Loading the delivery vehicle from a staging area 
 Delivering to residential locations 
 Delivering to commercial locations 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
