Skip to content 
 
 Stay Connected with Chescolibraries 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Resources 
 OverDrive Help 
 Library Card Help 
 Contact Us 
 
 Category: Business/Career 
 Business resources for entrepreneurial success! 
 October 14, 2020  ~  Book Club Mom  ~  Leave a comment 
 Photo by Ketut Subiyanto on  Pexels.com 
 If you’re a business owner or thinking about starting a business, we have resources for you, available online and in our libraries. 
 
 Check out ** Entrepreneur  **and  Fast Company  magazines on  Flipster  , free with your library card. 
 Entrepreneur  magazine is the trusted source for growing your business and offers surefire strategies for success. 
 
 Fast Company  magazine is dedicated to reporting about how the "fast companies"; entrepreneurs, and cutting-edge are doing what they do. 
 Visit  https://chescolibraries.org/downloads  and scroll to Flipster to sign in with your card. 
 
 For more business books, visit our print catalog  here . 
 These eBooks and eAudiobooks are available now. Visit our OverDrive catalog  here . 
 
 And check out our  online, self-paced course on Entrepreneurship from Cisco Networking Academy  to help you explore potential career pathways, develop technical mastery, and build critical thinking and problem-solving skills needed to succeed. This course is free and can be accessed from anywhere with an internet connection. Get started  here . 
 Second Round Applications for COVID-19 Relief Small Business Assistance Now Open 
 August 10, 2020  ~  Sam Bardarik  ~  Leave a comment 
 The PA CDFI Network has announced that the second grant application window for the COVID-19 Relief PA Statewide Small Business Assistance program will open at 9:00 am on August 10 and will remain open for 15 business days, closing at 11:59 pm on August 28. 
 Please note that in order to get funds to businesses in need as quickly as possible, the second application window will be the final opportunity to apply for the program. 
 If you applied during the first application window, you should receive notification of your application status by August 10th. You do NOT need to reapply in the second round. Qualified applications will be automatically rolled over into the next funding round for consideration. 
 Learn more about this opportunity at  pabusinessgrants.com . 
 Entrepreneurship Panel: Insights from Chester County Small Biz Owners 
 August 6, 2020  ~  Book Club Mom  ~  1 Comment 
 Join us for this exciting new panel featuring the unique perspectives of local small business owners as they share their entrepreneurship stories: how they got started, the resources they used, the lessons they learned along the way, and the advice they’d give people looking to start or grow their own business now. 
 Click  here  to register. Registration is required and will close 2 hours prior to the scheduled start time of the event. A Zoom link will be emailed to registrants 2 hours before the program starts. Make sure to check the email address you registered with to receive the link. You do not need a Zoom account to attend the virtual program. 
 This program supports PA Forward Financial Literacy. 
 Citizens Minority Small Business Grants 
 August 4, 2020August 4, 2020  ~  Sam Bardarik  ~  Leave a comment 
 MINORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES MAY BE ELIGIBLE FOR A $15,000 GRANT. 
 Small businesses are the backbone to our economy, and diverse small business ownership is critical to the growth and success of our local communities. In recognition, Citizens will award 100 minority-owned businesses with grants of $15,000 each, a total of $1.5 million overall. 
 To apply, a business must be: 
 
 At least 51% minority owned, operated and controlled by an Asian American, Black American, Hispanic American or Native American 
 Either a Citizens Bank Business Banking account holder or, if not a Citizens customer, based within our  11-state footprint 
 In business for at least one year, with annual revenue of no more than $1 million 
 
 Eligible businesses can submit a statement (up to 150 words) describing how they would use the grant to strengthen and sustain both their business and their community. 
 Hurry—the entry deadline is Aug. 7, 2020 at 5:00 PM ET.  Apply now. 
 PA CareerLink Chester County: Expanded Virtual Services and Selected On-Site Services Now Available by Appointment 
 July 7, 2020July 7, 2020  ~  Sam Bardarik  ~  Leave a comment 
 PA CareerLink® Chester County  has expanded virtual services for job seekers and employers and will now offer limited on-site services by appointment beginning Monday, July 6, 2020. 
 PA CareerLink® Chester County has provided essential virtual services for job seekers and employers since mid-March when statewide mitigation efforts began to slow the spread of COVID-19. 
 Moving to the green phase for COVID-19 has allowed some services to resume at the PA CareerLink® Chester County offices at the Oaklands Corporate Center, 479 Thomas Jones Way, Suite 500 in Exton. 
 “We strongly encourage customers to continue using our virtual services – which include career counseling, job search and resume assistance, and on-the-job training programs,” said Butch Urban, PA CareerLink® Chester County Site Administrator. “But we are also now accepting appointments for limited on-site services, including use of the Computer Resource Center (CRC) for job search purposes paperwork completion for Workforce Innovation and Opportunities Act (WIOA) programs, and on-site educational assessments." 
 To schedule an appointment for limited on-site services and all other information, please contact the PA CareerLink® Chester County at 610-280-1010 between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. 
 Specifically, the PA CareerLink® Chester County expanded services include: 
 Virtual Services 
 
 Adult education classes 
 All employer services 
 Career counseling 
 Eligibility determination for Workforce Innovation programs and service 
 Job search assistance 
 On-the-Job Training programs 
 Resume assistance 
 Virtual workshops 
 Youth Programming and work readiness services 
 
 Limited On-Site Services (Appointment Only) 
 
 Copying and faxing documents for unemployment compensation (UC) office 
 Employer services 
 Individual customer appointments to complete program paperwork for Workforce Innovation & Opportunity Act (WIOA) programs 
 On-site educational assessment 
 
 Use of the PA CareerLink® resource room for job search activity. 
 To protect the health and safety of all visitors and staff, and to continue following COVID-19 social distancing and mitigation recommendations, the  Unemployment Compensation (UC) courtesy telephone  will not be available  in the PA CareerLink® office. 
 For regular UC questions  : 
 
 Email  uchelp@pa.gov 
 Call 888-313-7284 Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM 
 LiveChat (call 888-313-7284 for a secure 6-digit code) Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM 
 
 For Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) question  s  : 
 
 Email  ucpua@pa.gov 
 Call 855-284-8545 Monday through Friday 8:00 AM to 3:00 PM 
 
 PA CareerLink® Chester County system is the one-stop shop for Chester County job seekers and employers. More information on their services, including information on local employment opportunities is available  on their website. 
 PA Small Business Loan Assistance now open 
 June 30, 2020  ~  Sam Bardarik  ~  Leave a comment 
 A short time ago, the application for grants to offset lost revenue caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting shutdown order became available. The COVID-19 Relief Pennsylvania Statewide Small Business Assistance program will provide grants ranging from $5,000 to $50,000 to small businesses that have been economically impacted by COVID-19. 
 The application requires you to apply through one of the members of the Pennsylvania CDFI Network, a coalition of 17 Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that are participating in this program. The application will be identical no matter through which CDFI you apply and all applications will be entered into one "pool" for a competitive review. There are a number of CDFIs that identify Chester County as a service area. The Chester County Economic Development Council (CCEDC) has worked with these three in the past: 
 
 Community First Fund 
 The Reinvestment Fund 
 United Bank of Philadelphia 
 
 To view the full list of CDFIs that service Chester County and to start your application,  CLICK HERE . 
 Please note that this is not a first-come, first-served program and that there will be multiple rounds of application windows. The application window for the first round of funding will remain open for 10 business days. Please visit  https://pabusinessgrants.com/  to stay apprised of news and updates. 
 Clean Slate & Expungement Workshop 
 June 4, 2020  ~  lshupp13  ~  Leave a comment 
 Announcing the free Clean Slate and Expungement workshops by Coatesville Center for Community Health on Tuesday, June 9 at 4 pm. 
 The   Clean Slate and Expungement  Workshops  are designed to help those individuals with criminal histories who may have been denied employment or other services because of their criminal record.  An attorney from Legal Aid of Southeastern PA will conduct the workshop where participants will learn about the clean slate and expungement process, if they might be eligible, and learn how to proceed.  The attorney will meet individually with each participant to review their criminal record. 
 A copy of the criminal record can be obtained at  http://ujsportal.pacourts.us/DocketSheets/MDJ.aspx . 
 The meeting link will be sent to participants upon registration. To register email  ccch@comcast.net 
 More Virtual Tech Tuesday Sessions Added 
 June 4, 2020  ~  Sara  ~  Leave a comment 
 Virtual Tech Tuesday: One-on-One Instructional Introduction to Adobe Photoshop 
This one-on-one session describes and demonstrates: 
• How to enhance photos using Adobe Photoshop 
• Learn the basic Photoshop's tools such as layers and adjustments as the instructor works through example projects 
 Tuesday, June 9, 1:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. 
 Tuesday, June 9, 3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. 
 Virtual Tech Tuesday: You Can Host a Zoom Meeting, Too! 
This class describes and demonstrates the process of preparing for and executing a video conference using the free version of the Zoom application. 
 Tuesday, June 23, 7:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. 
 Virtual Tech Tuesday: Alternatives to Cable TV 
This class will explore the various options to Cable TV. We’ll review the requirements, relative costs, advantages and disadvantages of each alternative. Prior experience with a TV remote is useful but not required. 
 Tuesday, June 30, 7:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. 
 Restore Chester County Toolkit now available 
 May 28, 2020  ~  lshupp13  ~  Leave a comment 
 The Chester County Commissioners have launched  RestoreChesterCounty.org , a comprehensive online toolkit that offers guidelines specifically designed for Chester County’s 15,000-plus businesses and 525,000 residents as they move from the red phase to the yellow phase on June 5. 
 RestoreChesterCounty.org  provides direct access to guidelines that are broken down by 20 different business and organization sectors here in Chester County. 
 Visitors to  RestoreChesterCounty.org  will immediately be presented with access to a  Business & Org Toolkit , as well as  Resident Toolkit . The Business & Org Toolkit lists guidelines that span industries, including a checklist for knowing if your business is ready, how to get it to that point, and how to find resources for obtaining personal protective equipment. Business and organizational leaders can then drill deeper by accessing 20 different business and organization sectors, including everything from agriculture and office settings to restaurants, personal care, schools, religious organizations, and more. 
 Restore Chester County is an initiative launched by the county’s COVID-19 Business Task Force, a collaborative of business, economic, education, and government leaders formed by the Chester County Commissioners last month to focus on reopening and restoring Chester County’s economy affected by COVID-19. 
 Virtual Program: The American Dream: Building Your Financial Future 
 May 27, 2020  ~  Jenna P  ~  Leave a comment 
 Join us for The American Dream: Building Your Financial Future,  Tuesday, June 2, 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. 
 With the commoditization of planning by the financial media, it is more difficult for people to understand that there is a comprehensive process to building a financially secure future. Using the analogy of building a house, we cover the overall process of building a financially secure future. This class will provide a new paradigm of thinking. Instead of thinking something is bad or good, the question to ask is "Does this fit for me?" 
 Provided by Wienken Advisors, LTD. This program supports PA Forward's Financial Literacy. 
 Please register for the program:  Tuesday, June 2, 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. 
 A Zoom link will be emailed to registrants 2 hours before the program starts. Make sure to check the email address you registered with to receive the link. You do not need a Zoom account to attend the virtual program. 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Search This Site 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Adult Resources 
 Business/Career 
 Children's Resources 
 eBooks/eAudiobooks 
 Library Cards 
 Library News 
 Library Status 
 Library Volunteers 
 OverDrive 
 Teen Resources 
 Uncategorized 
 Virtual Programs 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 
 Chester County Library 
 
 Chester County Library 
 
 Henrietta Hankin Branch 
 
 Henrietta Hankin Branch 
 
 Instagram 
           
 Follow Stay Connected with Chescolibraries via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign Up 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
  Stay Connected with Chescolibraries  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
