We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save interesting jobs! 
 Login or register 
 to get personalised job recommendations! 
 Login or register 
 to get access to all your job applications! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through WorksHub average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 WorksHub 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Hyperscience 
 ](/companies/hyperscience) 
 
 
 50-249 
 
 
 New York, NY, US 
 
 
 Hyperscience is a technology company blazing a new path in enterprise automation with a reimagined approach to building and powering processes. The Hyperscience Platform is the world's first Software-Defined, Input-to-Outcome Automation platform used by top public companies and government organizations around the world to build and run mission-critical processes with ease and speed. 
 Technology Series C Ansible Django KUBERNETES POSTCSS Generous PTO 401(K) Matching 
 All Jobs from Hyperscience 
 Senior Software Engineer - BackendCompetitiveHyperscienceUnited States of America 
 We're looking to grow our Engineering Team with the addition of a Senior Backend Engineer. 
 RemoteSponsorship 
 sql api computer science django nosql object-oriented programming python 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 Highest in-demand talent 
 Hire Software Engineers Hire Java Developers Hire Remote Developers Hire Blockchain Developers Hire Data Scientists Hire Functional Programmers Hire Javascript Developers Hire Python Developers Hire Golang Developers 
 Locations 
 Hire developers in NYC Hire developers in London Hire developers in San Francisco Hire developers in Berlin 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 Employers 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
