Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Electronics Technician 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions 
 __Lanigan, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Electronics Technician (Temporary - 1 Year Term) - (Lanigan, Saskatchewan, Canada) 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien is a leading provider of agricultural products, services, and solutions. With approximately 20,000 employees world-wide, we are the largest producer of potash (by capacity) and one of the world’s largest producers of nitrogen and phosphate. We also operate a leading agriculture retail network that services over 500,000 growers. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 The Electronics Technician is part of a team reporting to the Mine Electrical Supervisor. 
 What you will do: 
Perform work associated with communication, automation and control systems in the Mine Department 
Work, with some supervision, to troubleshoot, install and assist in the design of required systems 
 What you will bring: 
Technical School Graduate with a 2-year diploma in an Electronics Technologist program or equivalent 
Ability to perform duties in a safe and responsible manner 
Ability to work in a neat, precise manner 
Ability to make sound technical decisions and implement such decisions 
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
