
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 SENIOR WINDOWS ENGINEER 
 University of Washington 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SENIOR WINDOWS ENGINEER 
 __ University of Washington 
 [](mailto:?subject=SENIOR%20WINDOWS%20ENGINEER&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14244907/senior-windows-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 27, 2020 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 | As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. 
 UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for six consecutive years. 
 UW Information Technology (UW-IT) is the central information technology organization for the University of Washington, responsible for strategic planning, oversight, and direction of the UW’s IT infrastructure, resources, and services. UW-IT provides critical technology support to all three campuses, UW medical centers, and research operations around the world. UW-IT partners with the UW community to enable innovation, learning, discovery, and service. 
 IT Infrastructure provides knowledgeable system design and administration, software engineering, and operational support for academic systems, administrative systems, and research computing. The Computing and Storage team designs, implements, and operates enterprise-level virtual and physical servers, as well as data storage services (storage area networks, network-attached storage, backups, and archiving). 
 UW-IT has an outstanding opportunity for a Senior Windows Engineer. 
 The Senior Windows Engineer position requires a team-oriented IT professional, experienced in designing, implementing and managing complex Windows systems and infrastructure in a highly-available clustered and virtualized environment. This position directly supports the research, teaching, and administrative missions of the University. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or a related field or equivalent experience. 
 
 
 Minimum of 4 years’ experience in a production IT environment managing mission critical enterprise-class IT infrastructure including servers, storage and databases. 
 
 
 Windows systems engineering experience, including extensive hands-on expertise and knowledge of Windows Server, security policies and protocols, Active Directory, IIS, SQL Server and Group Policy. 
 
 
 Strong VMware ESXi knowledge and experience. 
 
 
 Strong SQL Server clustering (shared disk and Always On) experience. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to work with minimal supervision, both independently and as part of a team. 
 
 
 Demonstrated excellent written/oral communication skills, technical documentation skills, user liaison skills, and personal interaction abilities. 
 
 
 Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration. 
 DESIRED: 
 
 
 Hands-on Dell EMC VMAX Windows clustering experience (SRDF/SE) 
 
 
 Veeam Backup and Replication experience 
 
 
 Prior consulting or managed services/hosting experience is highly desired 
 
 
 Hands-on Azure experience is highly desired 
 
 
 Experience in a research university or other academic institution 
 
 
 Experience with many of the following technologies: DNS, VPNs, IPSec, Firewalls, Load-balancing, .NET, Visual Studio, LDAP, Kerberos, Shibboleth, Spectrum Protect and X509 digital certificates 
 
 
 CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: 
 Working conditions include typical office environments and university data centers. 
This is an essential position and is required to report to work remotely when UW suspends operations. 
Position participates in an on-call rotation and must be able to respond to outages during off-hours. 
This is an essential position and is required to report to work when UW suspends operations. 
 Application Process: 
The application process for UW positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process. These assessments may include Work Authorization, Cover Letter and/or others. Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “My Jobs” page. If you select to take it later, it will appear on your "My Jobs" page to take when you are ready.  Please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed. 
 ---|--- 
 
 Internal Number: 185775 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of Washington 
 Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest public institutions in the west coast and one of the preeminent research universities in the world. The University of Washington is a multi-campus university comprised of three different campuses: Seattle, Tacoma, and Bothell. The Seattle campus is made up of sixteen schools and colleges that serve students ranging from an undergraduate level to a doctoral level. The university is home to world-class libraries, arts, music, drama, and sports, as well as the highest quality medical care in Washington State and a world-class academic medical center. The teaching and research of the University’s many professional schools provide undergraduate and graduate students the education necessary toward achieving an excellence that will serve the state, the region, and the nation. As part of a large and diverse community, the University of Washington serves more students than any other institution in the Northwest. 
 Connections working at  University of Washington 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
