Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 Best Side Jobs for Stay at Home Moms in 2021: 23 Money-Making Ideas 
 
 Bridget 
  __ November 29, 2020   
 
 If you're a stay at home mom looking to make some extra income, a side hustle is a great way to do it. 
 Thanks to the power of the Internet,  side jobs for stay at home moms  are more plentiful and profitable than ever. The best part is that these jobs are all things you can do while your little ones are sleeping or when you have a few hours here and there. 
 As a stay at home mom (and homeschooling mom) to four kids, I don't have a lot of extra time in my day. When I started looking around at things I could do from home, I knew a remote job with some company was NOT going to work for me. I also was not interested in any MLM company or direct-sales job. I needed a side hustle I could do on my own time, but that would still bring me good money. 
 Thankfully, I found my fit (freelance writing). Still, it took a lot of sleuthing. I hope that this list of the best side hustles for moms makes the search a little easier for you than it was for me all those years ago. 
 As with anything, the more you work the more money you're likely to make, but you don't have to go full-time with any of these jobs in order to make some extra income. 
 In fact, one of the best things I love about these side jobs is the income potential. There are many people who make  thousands of dollars  per month, just with these little types of jobs they do on the side. 
 As a busy mom, you might not have the time or energy to devote to a full-time job. With these side hustle ideas, you don't need that. While not all of these job ideas will bring in a full-time income, there are some that definitely have the potential to make you thousands each month, while you're working just a limited amount. 
 This post contains affiliate links, which means I may receive a small commission, at no cost to you, if you make a purchase through a link 
 Tips for Finding a Job You Can Do From Home 
 First, let's get a few things straight. There are TOTALLY REAL ways you can make money from home as a stay at home mom. I stress that these side job ideas are all good for moms because they allow some or all of the following: 
 
 You can do them with your kids around 
 They are flexible enough that you can work odd hours / whenever is convenient 
 You aren't required to be "on-call" during certain hours of the day 
 These jobs allow you to work as much or as little as you like 
 You can do these jobs while you're pregnant, have an infant, young toddlers, older kids, you name it 
 
 It's easy to say, but I know that if you're a stay at home mom who needs to make money, there's nothing more stressful than trying to find legitimate work you can do from home. 
 Thankfully, there are lots of jobs you can do from home while you're caring for your kids. Unfortunately, there are also lots of scams. While it is perfectly acceptable to pay for training (lots of people pay for knowledge), be wary. Make sure you do due-diligence and thoroughly research any program or company before purchasing a course. 
 If you're torn on what type of side hustle to start, consider the following: 
 
 What are your hobbies or interests? 
 What is your prior education or experience? 
 How much time do you have to devote to this side job 
 What kind of money will it take to get started (i.e, supplies, education, training) 
 How much can you make with this job? How much do you need to make? 
 What kind of commitment does it entail? (Selling handmade items is arguably far more work than selling old clothes) 
 
 It might seem silly, but it can be really helpful to make a pros and cons list of the jobs you are considering. Of course, the beauty of working online and working for yourself is that you don't have to commit to one job. If something doesn't work out, you can move on and try something else in the future. 
 Best Side Jobs for Stay at Home Moms 
 Are you ready to make extra money from home? If you're a stay at home mom who is looking for a flexible way to earn some cash while you're caring for your kids, consider one of these top options. 
 Note: Looking for more than just "side money"? If you're interested in jobs that can earn you a FULL-TIME income, check out   Best Stay at Home Mom Jobs – 25 Legitimate Options for Making Real Money . 
 1. Start a Blog 
 Blogging is one of the most popular side jobs for stay at home moms. 
 It's not something you start if you need extra cash right away, but if you are passionate and willing to put in some hard work, blogging can make you money in the long run. In fact, there are moms easily making a full-time income just writing about what they love! 
 There are lots of tutorials online for new bloggers. If this sounds like something you'd like to check out more, I recommend  this very detailed article  that walks you through the ins and outs of what's involved. 
 Suzi at Start a Mom Blog is the QUEEN of teaching people the right way to blog for money. Plus, she's a stay at home mom herself of three little ones. If you're at all interested in starting your own blog, I highly recommend  her eBook  for guidance. 
 2. Become a Freelance Writer 
 If you do need to make a side income stat, I suggest freelance writing. I've been working as a freelance writer for over nine years, and it's been very profitable for me. This is a job that's easy to do for a few hours in the evening, or when Dad's home on the weekends. 
 I'm not the only one who's successfully making it as a writer. Elna Cain is another very successful freelance writer, and she breaks down exactly what you need to do to start making an income with this job. 
 If you're interested in learning more about freelance writing, I recommend checking out her  Freelance Writing Prep . 
 3.   Offer Freelance Editing and Proofreading 
 For every good writer, there's an equally good editor or proofreader. If you're meticulous about the English language and grammar and you love attention to detail, this would be a great work from home job for you. 
 This is also one of the best side jobs for stay at home moms because it's so easy to do in your spare time. 
 While similar, editing and proofreading are a little bit different. I wrote about these differences and how to start this work from home job in  this guide . 
 You can also find an overview of a proofreading course that  guarantees employment  if you score well  here . 
 4.   Become a Graphic Designer 
 Graphic design is a good side job if you're creative and you have previous work in the design field. If you can create a great logo, put together fliers, or throw together a visually stunning website, this would be an excellent way to make some extra money. 
 Read More  :  How to Become a Freelance Graphic Designer 
 5. Become a Transcriptionist 
 Transcription  is one of the best side jobs for stay at home moms because it's flexible and easy to learn. If you are patient and a fast typer, this might be a good job for you. 
 One of the best ways to really determine if transcription work is the best option for you is to learn from an expert. Try out this  Free Intro Course to Transcription  so you can determine whether or not you want to give this side job a try. 
 6. Work as a Virtual Assistant 
 Virtual assistant work is another side job that's become very big with stay at home moms. Many companies and businesses have lots of needs that are perfect for virtual freelancers to fulfill. 
 The term "virtual assistant" is really a blanket job title that can encompass so many duties, including social media management, writing, order fulfillment, customer service, or more. 
 Read More:   Top Virtual Assistant Services You Can Offer 
 As a virtual assistant, you can choose to offer whatever services you like, and even create packages to offer those services to potential clients. 
 As a work from home job, this does require more client interaction than some other types of jobs, but it's a very popular way for moms to make money. 
 Abbey Ashley is a very successful virtual assistant who teaches you how to make  thousands of dollars each  month  with this work from home job.   Check out her free course here . 
 7. Sell Handmade Items Online 
 If you're crafty or creative, there's a whole market out there for selling your handmade items online. Sites like Etsy and Artfire make this easier than ever, while platforms like Shopify allow you to create your own online storefront. 
 I wrote  here  about  selling handmade jewelry online , but most of the points in the guide apply to just about any handmade item. 
 8. Sell Clothes on Poshmark 
 Closet looking a little cluttered? Poshmark is the hottest marketplace for buyers and sellers looking to score a great deal on top-of-the-line secondhand clothing. 
 If you want to be successful here, prepare to regularly interact on the app. Your clothes are more likely to get exposure and sell when you're active within the Poshmark platform. 
 9. Sell Items on eBay 
 Clothes aren't the only thing in your house you can declutter. Take stock of any household items or books that are collecting dust and make some money selling them on eBay. 
 In fact, some people take this to the next level, regularly scouring thrift stores and tag sales for things they can refurbish or flip for a higher profit. 
 This definitely isn't something for everyone - be prepared to put your super-sleuthing hat on as you regularly scour secondhand shops for that diamond in the rough - but it can be  very  profitable. 
 10. Rent Out Your Baby Gear 
 Have baby gear gathering dust in the closet, but aren't ready to permanently part with it just yet? You could make money renting it out on a site like  goBaby.co . 
 At goBaby, it's easy to list items like strollers, cribs, walkers, and highchairs. Bigger-ticket gear is a hot commodity, as it's in high-demand for traveling parents who regularly need these items but may not be able to travel with them easily. 
 11.   Offer Photography Services 
 Photography is another popular side job for stay at home moms because it's something you can do here and there when you have the time. 
 To get started, take out that camera that's been gathering dust on the shelf and offer photo sessions for your family and friends. This will give you a chance to hone your skills, and you'll be able to use the photos as part of a portfolio to attract other clients. 
 12. Sell on Amazon 
 There are many moms making a full-time income and beyond selling with Amazon FBA. This side hustle is all about finding the right products and knowing strategies for selling. 
 In order to be successful, you need to have a good handle on listing your items and be prepared to regularly ship things that sell. 
 13. Teach English Online 
 With the rise of online tutoring companies, it's now easier than ever to teach English online. Many companies are hiring stay at home moms just like you to virtually connect with people across the globe who want to learn English. 
 Read  this ultimate guide  to find out everything you need to know about teaching English online. 
 14. Babysit 
 If you're already home with your own young kids, you might have the perfect setup to watch a few more and make some money babysitting. Lots of moms like to babysit as a side job because it's easy to do right alongside their own children. 
 If you're willing to secure the right licensing and have the proper setup, you could even open up your home as a daycare business. Whether you do this full time or simply watch other kids occasionally, this is a nice way to make some extra money. 
 15. Start a Subscription Box Business 
 Subscription boxes are booming in popularity. You can find everything from monthly clothes rentals to monthly meal plans to regular treats for your dog. If you're creative and have a great idea, get in on the boom with your own subscription box business. 
 16. Work as an   Event Planner 
 Have you ever organized your child's birthday party? Maybe a family get-together or reunion? You could be a born event planner. 
 If you love to organize and plan events, you could make a job out of this doing it for other people. Event planning is a very profitable side hustle, and it's flexible enough that you can only take on jobs when you have the time. This work from home job is especially good for moms who like to be creative and are organized. 
 17. Become a Professional Organizer 
 Organizing is one of those things that some people are either really good at, or they aren't. If you love to organize and filing systems are your jam, this could be a great work from home job for you. 
 This is a job that will have you working within your local market. Market to people in your area who aren't so skilled at putting things away in order, and offer to revamp and organize their clutter. 
 18. Work as a Social Media Manager 
 All businesses need to have a successful social media presence to keep up with the demand of the times. If not, they'll soon be left behind in favor of competitors who are keeping up with the trends. 
 The problem is, maintaining a constant presence on social media can be a big demand. That's where you come in. 
 As a social media manager, you would be responsible for overseeing and maintaining the various accounts for a business. This could mean providing regular posts on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. As the social media face of the company, you'd also be expected to respond to comments and messages in a timely manner. 
 19.   Become a Pinterest Virtual Assistant 
 Some people consider Pinterest to be a form of social media, but it's really a whole 'nother ball game. 
 A  Pinterest virtual assistant  develops and follows a strategy for getting a business or blog noticed on the platform. This means regularly creating new pins, optimizing them, and keeping up-to-date with the platform's latest algorithms. 
 20. Work as a Music Teacher 
 If you have some musical talent or ability, use your skills to teach others to play. While you could certainly open up your home for in-person lessons, you don't necessarily need to do this in your home to make money. Instead, consider teaching over a virtual platform like  lessonface.com  or  livemusictutor.com . 
 With platforms like these, you can enjoy making money teaching lessons from home, without the hassle of having to make sure the house is clean ahead of time. 
 21. Work as a Seamstress 
 Do you have a knack for tailoring or sewing? Start a side business with your skill and make money with your hobby. This is a job that's easy to do when the kids are in bed at night, and you only need to take on work that you know you're able to do. 
 I know this job is in high demand - at least where I live. I constantly hear and see people asking for recommendations for a local seamstress. In fact, I needed to have a dress hemmed recently and the woman I ended up using ran a small business out of her home. 
 You do need extra space in the house to do this job and be willing to meet with people inside your home for measurements and consultations, but if you have the means and the know-how this would be a great side job for a stay at home mom. 
 22.   Become a Virtual Exercise Trainer 
 Consider yourself a fitness or nutrition expert? One side job that's extremely popular is to provide online exercise coaching or training. This obviously isn't a job for everyone - you do need to have some authority to run a successful business in this area - but if you are skilled in the field, head online and find some clients. 
 The best part is, as a virtual trainer you can do all your coaching online, providing things like workout plans and videos rather than in-person interaction. 
 23.   Become an   Online Consultant 
 Staying home with your kids does not mean you need to throw away the career you've built for yourself. Instead of walking away from your job, put your skills and expertise to work as an online consultant. 
 As a consultant, you can lend an ear to companies and individuals you need a little guidance in your career field. Build a business where you can offer advice and create actionable plans for others based on your expertise. 
 Final Thoughts on the Best Side Jobs for Stay at Home Moms 
 All of these are just some of the many options of side jobs for stay at home moms. 
 If you're nervous about starting out as a freelancer and finding new clients, don't be. 
 With many companies and businesses increasingly moving their workforce remote, they're also becoming more comfortable with hiring outside freelancers to do things like writing, marketing, and graphic design. 
 When you take the talents and abilities you already have and find a way to use them in a job, it is possible to make money from home while you raise your kids. 
 Figuring out how I could use my talents to start making money from home as a freelance writer is one of the best things I have ever done. The money I have made through my side job has changed my family's life in more ways than we could have imagined. 
 Did I miss a side job that you are doing while you 're home with your kids? I'd love to hear more ideas so that I can share them with my readers! 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 2 thoughts on "Best Side Jobs for Stay at Home Moms in 2021: 23 Money-Making Ideas" 
 
 Shayla 
 
 January 7, 2020 at 10:38 am 
 A lot of great ideas for side gigs! Thank you so much for sharing! 
 Reply 
 
 Rebecca @ Boss Single Mama 
 
 January 7, 2020 at 10:06 am 
 These are great side job ideas for moms! I'm a freelancing mom as well and it's been very profitable for me while still allowing me a flexible schedule so I can do all the mom things. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
