Toggle Navigation 
 Everything Blog posts  Pages 
 
  Program **** 
 
 For a Working Class Fight 
 The Population Should Not Pay for the Bosses' Crisis! 
 To Put an End to Unemployment... 
 To Stop the Decline in Our Standard of Living... 
 To Stop the Crisis in Our Schools and Neighborhoods... 
 To Control the Economy... 
 We Will Have to Fight! 
 
 
  History **** 
 
 Those Who Came Before Us 
 Eugene V. Debs 
 IWW: One Union of All the Workers 
 The Drive for the Labor Party 
 Malcolm X 
 
 
  Elections **** 
 
 Needed: A Working Class Party 
 Michigan: 2020 
 Maryland: 2020 
 
 David Harding for Mayor of Baltimore 
 Results in the First WCP of Md election campaign 
 
 
 Michigan: 2018 
 
 Working Class Party Chooses 11 Candidates in Michigan 
 Speech by Gary Walkowicz on 9-23-2018 
 Speech by Sam Johnson on 9-23-2018 
 Speech by Mary Anne Hering on September 23 
 Working Class Party Congressional Candidates 
 WCP Candidates for State Board of Education 
 Working Class Party Candidates for State Senate 
 Program in Brief 
 Gary Walkowicz: Vote FOR What You Want 
 Mary Anne Hering's Speech on Education 
 
 
 Los Angeles: 2018 
 
 Juan Rey: A Worker for Congress 
 Juan Rey: Workers Need to Build Their Own Party 
 We Need to Organize Under a Working Class Banner 
 Juan Rey's Results in California's June 5 Primary 
 
 
 Michigan: 2016 
 
 Michigan 2016: Let the Workers' Voice Be Heard 
 The Bosses Have Two Parties, the Workers Need One 
 Mary Anne Hering 
 
 Mary Anne Hering 
 Public Radio Interview of Mary Anne Hering 
 A Decent Education for Every Child – Why Not? 
 Mary Anne's speech from 2014 
 
 
 Sam Johnson 
 
 Sam Johnson 
 From Sam's book 
 
 
 Gary Walkowicz 
 
 Gary Walkowicz 
 Gary: Speaking for the Ranks 
 
 
 Results of the Working Class Party in the 2016 Election 
 
 
 Baltimore: 2016 
 Chicago: 2015 
 
 Chicago Election 2015: Why I Ran 
 I Stand for a Working Class Fight 
 Yes, a Teacher Should Be Alderman! 
 Why Vote for Ed Hershey 
 Stop All Attacks on Immigrants 
 To Fight For Jobs 
 To Fight for Housing 
 To Fight for Education 
 To Fight for Public Money 
 Election News 
 
 
 Michigan: 2014 
 
 Elections 2014: Why We Ran 
 Let the Workers' Voice Be Heard 
 The Workers' Voice Was Heard 
 Sam Johnson 
 
 Sam Johnson 
 From Sam's Book 
 To Vote for Sam Johnson 
 
 
 Gary Walkowicz 
 
 Gary Walkowicz 
 Gary Walkowicz, speaking for the ranks  
 To Vote for Gary Walkowicz 
 
 
 Mary Anne Hering & Kenneth Jannot, Jr. 
 
 Mary Anne Hering & Kenneth Jannot, Jr. 
 Use Public Money for Public Schools! 
 But What Will We Fight For? 
 To Vote for Mary Anne Hering and Kenneth Jannot, Jr. 
 
 
 D.A. Roehrig 
 
 D.A. Roehrig 
 Use Public Money to Defend Our Lives! 
 To Vote for D.A. Roehrig 
 
 
 Election News 
 
 
 
 
  Party  
  News  
  Contact  
  Michigan: 2020 **** 
 
 Working Class Party Chooses Its 2020 Michigan Candidates 
 November 2020 Vote Results for Working Class Party (Michigan) 
 Speech by Gary Walkowicz to 2020 WCP Convention 
 A Working Class Program for a System Stuck in Crisis 
 Kathy Goodwin, 5th Congressional District 
 
 Kathy Goodwin: Candidate Statement 
 Kathy Goodwin Speech, Sept. 20 
 Kathy Goodwin: Our Candidates Are from the Working Class 
 
 
 Andrea L. Kirby, 9th Congressional District 
 
 Andrea L. Kirby: Candidate Statement 
 Andrea L. Kirby Speech, Sept. 20 
 Andrea Kirby: We Can Stand Up Like Our Ancestors Did 
 
 
 Gary Walkowicz, 12th Congressional District 
 
 Gary Walkowicz: Candidate Statement 
 Speech to WCP Outdoor Rally, 9-20, Gary Walkowicz 
 Gary Walkowicz: Our Name Says It All 
 
 
 Sam Johnson, 13th Congressional District 
 
 Sam Johnson: Candidate Statement 
 Speech by Sam Johnson to 2020 WCP Convention 
 Sam Johnson: Working People Can Defend Themselves 
 
 
 Philip Kolody, 14th Congressional District 
 
 Philip Kolody: Candidate Statement 
 Philip Kolody, Speech on Sept. 20 
 Philip Kolody, The Working Class Party Is About the Future 
 
 
 Mary Anne Hering & Hali McEachern, State Board of Education 
 
 Mary Anne Hering & Hali McEachern: Candidate Statements 
 Speech, Mary Anne Hering at Outdoor Sept. 20 Meeting 
 Mary Anne Hering: Vital that Working Class Party Is on Ballot 
 
 
 Linda Rayburn, 4th District State House 
 
 Linda Rayburn: Candidate Statement 
 Speech by Linda Rayburn 
 
 
 Kimberly Givens, 7th District State House 
 
 Kimberly Givens: Candidate Statement 
 Speech Sept. 20, Kimberly Givens 
 
 
 Simone R. Coleman, 14th District State House 
 
 Simone R. Coleman: Candidate Statement 
 Simone R. Coleman, Speech Sept. 20 
 
 
 Larry Darnell Betts, 15th District State House 
 
 Larry Darnell Betts: Candidate Statement 
 Message sent by Larry Betts to the Sept. 20 Meeting 
 
 
 Louis Palus, 75th District State House 
 
 Louis Palus: Candidate Statement 
 Louis Palus, Speech at Sept. 20 Outdoor Meeting 
 
 
 Speech by Gary Walkowicz to 2019 WCP Convention 
 
 
 
 To Fight For Jobs 
 We face a jobs crisis. 
 
 The share of adults with a job is the lowest it's been in decades. 
 
 There will be no full answer to the problem of jobs until the working class takes on the corporations – in Chicago and around the country. 
 But there could be many more jobs, right now, if Chicago provided the services a city should provide. 
 
 Fully staff every school. Hire enough teachers, librarians, aides, maintenance, clerical staff, custodians, nurses and social workers. 
 Provide full service for the whole city by the CTA. Hire the needed bus and train drivers, mechanics and maintenance workers. 
 Fix the city's infrastructure. Maintain the sidewalks, streets and sewers. Repair the crumbling viaducts. 
 Since private developers won't provide affordable homes, build decent public housing – and hire the maintenance staff and custodians to keep it in good shape. 
 Rebuild the health care system. Reopen the mental health clinics that Rahm Emanuel closed. Expand free primary care clinics, so every neighborhood has access. 
 
 Rahm Emanuel and the corporations he serves say Chicago can't afford it. They tell us the city is running a big deficit and is nearly broke. 
 They lie! The city gives away hundreds of millions of dollars every year to giant corporations and banks. 
 
 Our tax money goes to help build and maintain corporate buildings through TIFs. 
 Our tax money goes to almost every corporation in Chicago through tax breaks, incentives, subsidies and juicy contracts – which all aim to prop up business profits. 
 Our tax money is funneled to the big banks, which take in high interest and outrageous fees on every city bond they write. 
 
 That's money stolen from us. Take back that money. Use it to fix public services. 
 That would address our jobs crisis at the same time. 
 
 
 <- Stop All Attacks on Immigrants 
 
 
 To Fight for Housing -> 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Elections 
 
 
 Chicago: 2015 
 
 
 To Fight For Jobs 
 
 
 Latest News 
 
 Total Results for WCP of Michigan 
 Results for WCP of Md in Baltimore Election 
 Working Class Party (MI) Partial Results 
 
 see all 
 Archive 
 2020 
 
 November  (3) 
 October  (9) 
 September  (1) 
 August  (2) 
 July  (4) 
 April  (2) 
 March  (1) 
 February  (1) 
 January  (2) 
 
 2019 
 
 September  (1) 
 
 2018 
 
 November  (6) 
 October  (9) 
 September  (3) 
 August  (1) 
 July  (1) 
 June  (1) 
 May  (3) 
 March  (1) 
 
 2017 
 
 November  (2) 
 September  (1) 
 January  (2) 
 
 2016 
 
 November  (3) 
 October  (3) 
 September  (2) 
 August  (2) 
 July  (1) 
 
 2015 
 
 February  (4) 
 January  (4) 
 
 2014 
 
 November  (1) 
 October  (2) 
 September  (1) 
 August  (1) 
 
 show more 
 show less 
 
 Print 
 
 Powered by  Mezzanine  and  Django  | Theme by  Bootstrap 
