Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Rolling Stock Mechanic 
 CRM of Canada 
 __Brantford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 THE OPPORTUNITY 
 Crumb Rubber Manufacturers (CRM) is seeking a licensed and experienced 310T mechanic to support our manufacturing operations at our facility in Brantford, Ontario. 
 THE COMPANY 
 CRM is North America’s leading manufacturer of crumb rubber produced by recycling end-of-life tires. Our engineered rubber product is integral in the production of safer sports fields, longer-lasting and more durable roads and a range of moulded goods that contribute to more sustainable and livable playgrounds, landscapes and commercial spaces. 
 CRM also provides integrated scrap tire management services in jurisdictions across Canada and the United States, helping our tire manufacturer and retailer customers ensure responsible and reliable management of their end-of-life tires and meeting their sustainability objectives by recovering the resources from the scrap tires and directing them to recycling applications. CRM’s commitment to sustainability pervades our business and drives our focus on true circular economy products and markets, and on offering our customers exceptional value and service. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & COMPETENCIES 
 
 
 Licensed 310T mechanic 
 
 
 Experience maintaining rolling stock in an industrial environment including but not limited to: 
 
 
 Skid Steers 
 
 
 Loaders 
 
 
 LPG Forktrucks 
 
 
 Scissor lifts 
 
 
 Articulating boom lifts 
 
 
 Physical requirements: ability to lift 50 lbs, work in various positions and stand/kneel/squat/bend for extended periods 
 
 
 Proficiency with hand and power tools, repairs, maintenance requirements 
 
 
 Ability to obtain licensing for fork-lifts, scissor-lifts, and other equipment as required 
 
 
 Focus on proactive and preventative maintenance that minimizes manufacturing downtime and supports the production team 
 
 
 Ability to work independently 
 
 
 Have personal basic hand tools that you are able to bring to work to complete assigned tasks. 
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 · Detecting and troubleshooting irregularities and malfunctions. 
 · Repairs, overhauls, installs, dismantles, modifies, replaces, adjusts, tests, cleans, lubricates and maintains all plant, equipment and tools as per assignment. 
 · Performs scheduled, emergency, and preventative maintenance to all plant, equipment and tools as per assignment. 
 · Recommends system and parts modifications, repair or replacement, changes in materials and improvements in methods to the Maintenance Supervisor. 
 · Assist in the procurement of parts, tooling as required for the performance of work and for the mitigation of any project delays. 
 · Schedule and perform routine maintenance and/or visual check on all equipment in facility as per preventative maintenance program as per assignment. 
 · Schedule all preventative maintenance and maintenance of rolling stock as per assignment. 
 · Maintain “up-to-date” maintenance records as per established company policy and procedures. 
 · Ensure tools and equipment used remains well maintained and is stored appropriately. 
 · Support the completion of general maintenance functions not related to the rolling stock as directed by the Maintenance Supervisor. 
 WORK CONDITIONS 
 
 Ability to work in outside conditions 
 Ability to work with limited onsite supervision 
 Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs., climb ladders, work in difference spaces and excel in a physically demanding role 
 Flexibility to work over-time as required 
 
 JOB TYPE / SCHEDULE 
 Currently we are looking for a team member to join us on our day shift Monday – Friday. You must be flexible to work overtime and weekends as required. We offer competitive pay and benefits are available after successful completion of your probationary period. 
 Reference ID: CRMRSM082020 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $28.00-$34.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Overtime 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 work: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 310T (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
