Sparklebumpsthebookwhore 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Honey-Do List 
 My Great Loves 
 The Histrionic 
 
   
 Tag Archives: career 
 March 10, 2014 * 1:37 pm 
 An Open Letter To All Things Pizza Hut 
 To the general presence of Pizza Hut, 
 Since I am no longer a slave under your employ, I feel it completely necessary to release the vile feelings I've been forced to keep inside for the past two-odd years concerning you. I must warn you that while the composition of this letter will be remarkably therapeutic for me, it may be at times inelegantly written, and show no signs of the self-educated woman that I am. Let me begin with something that I've been waiting to say for some time: 
 FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Ahem. Now that I have gotten that off of my sizeable chest, I will move on to everything that is wrong with your corporation. 
 Let me first say that the customer is NOT always right. Especially in the case of  your  customers. Yes, there may have been an occasion or two where extra cheese was not administered as requested, or tomatoes were placed on a super-supreme pizza (which is completely inappropriate), but I stand by the fact that I did NOT jip you on your toppings, and every pizza made by my own two work-worn hands was properly spec-ed and lovely to behold. Because your company has the policy that you should give the customer "whatever they want", you can surely expect that at some point you will run out of money after giving away free food to all the trashy motha-fuckas who lie to get a comped meal. To this I say- it is your own goddamn fault. 
 Secondly, it is shameful that you pay your shift managers such low wages. Truly, when promoting your team members to such a status, you should include in fine print this: 
 We promise to work you until you bleed, if not outwardly, at least until you suffer from stomach ulcers because of stress. You will be forced to work all holidays and weekends without any thanks, and if you refuse to work any of the afore mentioned days, you will be shunned by our district managers and dramatically have your hours cut. You will NEVER receive any type of raise until you are so frustrated that you find a new job, at which time, we may consider gifting you with our feigned appreciation and only a miniscule raise- enough to keep you in our chains. If at any time you tell your overseeing managers exactly what you think of them or their performance, even if it perfectly accurate and politically-correctly stated, you too will be shunned. 
 To the Pizza Hut customers, 
 I will admit that there are a few of you who are endearing and affable. To you, I show my utmost appreciating for having made my stay in Hell a little less horrifying. 
 To the rest of you, the entire uncivilized lot of you, I must once again show how uneloquent I can be. 
 FUCK YA 'LL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 To those of you who would seat yourselves, completely ignoring the sign that distinctly states, "PLEASE WAIT TO BE SEATED", as well as overlooking the fact that I and my fellow coworkers are human beings, and will greet and seat you at your convenience, I must say that you are pitiful creatures, and it is my hope that at some point in your despicable little lives someone treats you as though you are not worthy of basic consideration. 
 To those of you who insist on no pork coming in contact with your food, and a clean blade being used to cut your halal food, I will say that if you asked once, and politely, and in no way treated me as an inferior person, I followed your requests religiously. (I even wore gloves.) To those of you who made such requests in an incredibly rude and obnoxious manner (i.e. repeating said request as though I were in some way deaf or not listening, using an outside voice though we were clearly indoors, acting as though my female anatomy deemed me unworthy of human decency) even though I had helped you in the past and could clearly tell you were Muslim by your burquas, I will tell you that my hand may have once or twice slipped into the nasty, dirty, unkosher pork before touching your chicken pizza. I just can't remember for sure. 
 To a certain district manager, 
 To quote every employee that ever came in contact with you who were not of the naïve and unknowing variety: 
 "You're a piece of shit." 
 I will admit, in the beginning, I  was  one of these naïve people, and was momentarily distracted by your lovely masculine height and vibrant blue eyes. In fact, I recall turning down a job at an amazing craft store when you asked me to because I felt bad that your beautiful little boys would not grow up knowing their dad because you were so overworked and would be even more-so if I were to quit. I did not realize then that the lack of general managers in your district was only due to your own egotistical, self-absorbed, castigating style of managing. Yes, I realize that you know not what castigating means, because at one time, you asked me to use common and ordinary words that were easy to understand. I refuse to demean myself because you are too busy being Big Boss Man to read a fucking dictionary. You very recently stated that it was in the best interest of the restaurant and all the employees that I be demoted; to that I say, "It really wasn't, because now you will see what the store truly runs like without one competent shift manager." You will never, NEVER have a completely-staffed district, because you refuse to focus on what it truly takes to run a successful restaurant, but instead nit-pick at stupid shit that doesn't matter. Perhaps if you begin treating your employees like people, instead of like the smushed Italian sausage that is on the bottom of your over-sized shoe, you will truly find success. Because you certainly don't have it now, and you know it. Also, your wife is ugly. 
 This all being said, I release now my demons and will never again think of Pizza Hut in any way, even though the remaining employees who worked with me will think of me at least a little bit every single day. 
 Fuck you very much, 
 Sparkle 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Humor ,  Life ,  Money ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  career ,  customer service ,  customers ,  humor ,  letter ,  life ,  life in Hell ,  open letter ,  Pizza Hut ,  Work 
 November 28, 2011 * 8:44 am 
 Career Choices 
 Well, after the whole fiasco with my Rockstar last week about the "shitty jobs" I demean myself for, I am happy to report that I now possibly have options. 
 While I was still contemplating kicking his butt-headed ass to the curb, (technically I would have to be the one to leave) I perused Craigslist for any jobs that looked "worthy" of his praise. I ended up applying online for several, and am happy to report that I actually heard back from a few of them. Now, I was watching the news yesterday, and there seems to be a Craigslist killer out there somewhere. They have apprehended some suspects, but my Rockstar had better hope that his judgemental attitude doesn't get me raped and chopped up into little pieces. 
 Anyhoo, when I was at work this weekend, my boss Frenchie and I had a discussion. It seems that we have less than stellar cooks employed with us, and I suggested that he fire their asses and hire me as a cook. Cooking is certainly not my final goal in life (I am still trying to figure out what that final goal would be) but if it will keep Frenchie from hiring some dumb asstard who can't learn how to decorate a pizza, so be it. We then discussed the possibility of my becoming a manager, and Frenchie stated, "This is an excellent idea. I don't know why I never thought of it before." I know why. Because he was busy looking at my ass. 🙂 
 So, I begin training to cook this week, and I shall prove how completely adept I am. Then we' shall see what happens from there. Then, when I am making millions and living on my yacht, I can look at my Rockstar and say, "See? You just had to have a little faith in me," 
 22 Comments 
 Filed under  Humor ,  Life ,  Love ,  Money ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  career ,  Craigslist ,  humor ,  manager ,  Work 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 What would happen if one woman told the truth about her life? The whole world would split open. -Muriel Rukeyser 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 aging   Angelina   attraction   babies   Beauty   birthdays   blogging   Blowjobs   Boobies   boobs   Books   bookstore   Bosses   Carrie Underwood   childhood   Children   Chris Meloni   Christmas   crushes   customers   death   Depression   Dolly Parton   dreams   Drinking   entertainment   erotica   Facebook   Family   fashion   fiction   Food   friends   friendship   fuck buddy   God   humor   kids   lesbian   letter   letters   life   Love   managers   marriage   masturbation   McDonald's   Money   movies   music   musings   Mustang   orgasm   parenting   pizza slut   Poem   Poetry   Porn   pregnancy   reading   relationships   Santa   sex   Sex and the City   Shoes   short story   smut   spam   Taylor Swift   Twilight   Victoria's Secret   weight issues   women   Work   writing 
 
 
 Hit Me 
 
 71,719 Mental Inquisitivities 
 
 
 
 Love me! Love me! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 793 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Clobber Me 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Apr 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Beauty   Books   Children   Christmas   Entertainment   Family   Fashion   fiction   Food   Friendship   God   Humor   Life   Love   Money   music   Photography   Poem   Poetry   Religion   Sex   short story   Uncategorized   Work 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month April 2018  November 2017  April 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  May 2016  March 2016  November 2015  October 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011 
 Sparklebumpsthebookwhore  * The thoughts and misadventures of a histrionic book thief 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
