Information Strategy 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 
 
 
  October 2, 2015    
 
 by  375587af 
 in  Uncategorized 
 2 Comments 
 
 The rise of the errand boy: crowdsourcing job creation 
 Crowdsourcing means getting a large number of people to all focus on one task in the hopes that the outcome will be more valuable and successful than the endeavor of one man. As the saying goes: two minds are better than one. Or in this case: hundreds or thousands of minds are better than one. However, most people think this concept is new when actually it started quite a while ago. 
 Although the term “crowdsourcing” was coined by Wired writer Jeff Howe in 2006, one of the first crowdsourcing projects in the world actually took place in 1714 in England (although Philip of Spain offered a reward for anyone who could solve this problem in 1576). The longitude problem was that, back in that time, sailors had no easy way to calculate the longitude while at sea, causing long voyages to often get lost and result on the death of its crew. Thus, the British government offered £20,000 to the person who could solve this problem, which in the end was John Harrison. Clearly, crowdsourcing is not a new topic. But then why do people think it is so new? 
 This is because it has only recently become such a rich area of innovation. The concept of crowdsourcing has started to become implemented in very interesting places. Most recently, Amazon has launched its service called Amazon Flex. Most likely inspired by Uber, Amazon allows people to become flexible delivery workers for its Prime service. All you need to get started? A car and a smartphone. Two items which a lot of people own anyway these days. The great thing about services like this is that you are your own boss. You get paid for how productive you are, how much value you bring, as opposed to a set number of hours that you spend in the office. 
 This could give rise to a whole new area of workers: I like to call them errand boys. These people will most likely choose not to have a stable a job and instead fill their days with various, smaller paid jobs. For example, they could take on a web development job on freelance.com and when they need a break from working in front of the computer, they can take an Uber run. After their Uber run is done, they can potentially deliver a Amazon Flex package on their way home. 
 Do you think you might work like this someday? 
 References: 
 http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/09/amazon-flex-will-pay-you-18-25-per-hour-to-deliver-prime-now-packages/ 
 http://blog.designcrowd.nl/article/202/crowdsourcing-is-not-new-the-history-of-crowdsourcing-1714-to-2010 
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longitude_rewards 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 « Previous post 
 Next post » 
 2 responses to "The rise of the errand boy: crowdsourcing job creation" 
 
 Maxim Grgurevic says :  October 2, 2015 at 13:32 
 
 I agree on the notions in your post that it could give a rise in a new kind of workers. People are becoming too structured but they want more variety in their work. To be honest, who is still willing to work for the same company in the same field with the same schedule for 40 years? 
 I really like the concept of working as an errand boy, it is challenging you to be flexible in different ways. Your work schedule should be really flexible, because it is possible to do an Uber run at 5:00 am, then work on a companies new website at 7:00 am and ending your day with an Amazon flex delivery at 4:00 pm. It is also challenging you to be flexible in your skills. It keeps challenging you to learn more and different things in different fields. You really have to be a Jack of all trades to work like this. That is why I also think that errand boys will be the future of freelance work. 
 Also due to the availability of online courses it is now also possible to educate yourself in a lot of different fields (e.g. web design, programming, digital marketing etc). This is great for the errand boys to extend their knowledge and work on different jobs. 
 Personally, I might work like this someday, because I am eager to learn new things and I like to plan my working schedule. You will also have more control on the type of work you'll be doing. You don't have to work in an office for five straight days anymore. But first, I am looking for a stabile working environment. In ten years or so, I might become a errand boy myself. At the end, flexibility and freedom are the main drivers for me to become an errand boy. 
 Maxim Grgurevic 
372850mg 
 Reply 
 
 maximgrgurevic  says :  October 8, 2015 at 10:59 
 
 I agree on the notions in your post that it could give a rise in a new kind of workers. People are becoming too structured but they want more variety in their work. To be honest, who is still willing to work for the same company in the same field with the same schedule for 40 years? 
 I really like the concept of working as an errand boy, it is challenging you to be flexible in different ways. Your work schedule should be really flexible, because it is possible to do an Uber run at 5:00 am, then work on a companies new website at 7:00 am and ending your day with an Amazon flex delivery at 4:00 pm. It is also challenging you to be flexible in your skills. It keeps challenging you to learn more and different things in different fields. You really have to be a Jack of all trades to work like this. That is why I also think that errand boys will be the future of freelance work. 
 Also due to the availability of online courses it is now also possible to educate yourself in a lot of different fields (e.g. web design, programming, digital marketing etc). This is great for the errand boys to extend their knowledge and work on different jobs. 
 Personally, I might work like this someday, because I am eager to learn new things and I like to plan my working schedule. You will also have more control on the type of work you’ll be doing. You don’t have to work in an office for five straight days anymore. But first, I am looking for a stabile working environment. In ten years or so, I might become a errand boy myself. At the end, flexibility and freedom are the main drivers for me to become an errand boy. 
 Maxim Grgurevic 
372850mg 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 James Surowiecki: The power and danger of online crowds 
 Network effects; an example in the gaming industry 
 Robotic God of Cookery 
 Steam: An examination of a multi-sided network 
 A Google Engineer Explains Why Google+ Sucks: Platforms vs. Products 
 
 Recently posted 
 
 The future for Humana and the insurance industry as a whole (Team 13 DTP) 
 How will traditional grocers compete against Internet retailers such as HelloFresh and Amazon in the future? 
 Where the Digital Economy Is Moving the Fastest 
 Google attacks Microsoft by offering Google Apps for free to enterprise customers 
 Changing business models by E-commerce 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 From Farmville to th…  on  The success of Estonia's… 
 
 
 
 
 Tycho van der Scheer on  How will traditional grocers c… 
 
 
 
 374482rm on  Bitcoin The Disruptor 
 
 
 
 VH on  Makeup Genius: How L’Oréal is… 
 
 
 
 
 Josephine  on  3D printing: a new standard of… 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 amazon   Android   app   apple   artificial intelligence   B2C e-commerce   Big Data   BIM   BIM 2015   Busines Model   business model   cloud   Content   Dark Side   e-commerce   entrepreneurship   Facebook   Freemium   future   gadgets   Google   information   Information Strategy   Information technology   Internet   Internet of things   IPhone   IT   Knowledge   media   microsoft   mobile   music   netflix   Network   online   Operating system   platform   privacy   RSM   Security   social-media   spotify   Tablet   TDSOI   technology   technology of the week   Twitter   Wi-Fi   Windows 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 166 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Featured Posts 
 How will traditional grocers compete against Internet retailers such as HelloFresh and Amazon in the future? 
 Grocery shopping is a time-consuming activity, especially in todays frantic world where time is of essence to most people. The rise of both partners in a household having stable jobs minimises the time available to do groceries even further. According to market research by US company Time Institute, the average customer spends 41 minutes in […] 
 Continue Reading 
 It is time to take back control of your data! (…and monetize it) 
 Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Airbnb, Amazon & co. We use online platforms and services all the time. Some more frequent than others. Some for social purposes, others for commercial ones. But what all these platforms have in common: they collect user data. (And we produce a lot of it, up to 2.5 quintillion bytes per day!) […] 
 Continue Reading 
 Makeup Genius: How L’Oréal is transforming and taking over the cosmetic industry. 
 Along with tackling the premise of information asymmetry in its online web shop, L’Oréal has acted upon a very strategic and innovative way of testing make up with the use of an app that integrates augmented reality within its system. Instead of going to crowded drugstores, being frustrated by the fact that trial makeup is […] 
 Continue Reading 
 Follow the IS Blog! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 166 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Alright then, I'll sign up 
 All posts 
 
 
 
 October 2015 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 
 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 
 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 
 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 « Sep 
 Information Strategy 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
