
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 How Your Attitude Affects Your Career   
 Professional Development 
 
 The phrase ‘attitude is everything’ is a common adage you’ve probably heard at some point in your life. It represents that your response in all situations is dictated by how you perceive what’s happening. For example, a negative attitude can cause you to be pessimistic about every setback, while a positive attitude can cause you to be optimistic about every opportunity you encounter. 
 Because this is true in your life, it’s also true in your career. Your attitude toward where you’re at professionally, your place of employment, and everything in between can either positively or negatively affect your career. 
 
 Attitude and your opportunity for growth 
 It’s likely at some point you will work at a company that isn’t your ideal workplace. You can either choose to look for something new or stay for the experience, but either way, you need to focus on the positive instead of how you’d rather be anywhere else. 
 Being where you didn’t plan to be is an opportunity to help you grow if you view it that way. By looking for opportunities to learn from your circumstances and improve as a professional, you can turn an unexpected stop into a stepping stone to where you want to go. 
 Attitude and your opportunity for connections 
 Think about people you’ve encountered in your career. Are you more likely to align with people who only complain and spread negativity or those who face adversity with strength and a positive attitude? Assumedly, it’s the latter. Realizing this, your goal should be to embody the person who isn’t shaken when things get a little crazy or feels the need to complain constantly. 
 In order to keep your career moving, you want to build relationships with mentors and individuals in your field who can help you as you grow. Make sure you’re attracting the right people with your attitude. 
 Attitude and your opportunity for advancement 
 Promotions rarely go to someone who spends all their time being miserable. Even if you did deserve more than you were given, do you believe a bad attitude will help you achieve it? By focusing on your response to perceived setbacks and viewing them as a learning experience, you can show management how you’re growing and be a viable candidate in the future. If you don’t, your management team won’t see your potential amid your negativity. 
 Empower yourself for a better tomorrow 
 Success is in your hands – are you ready to embrace it? When you’re ready to take the next step in your career, trust the employment agency that doesn’t follow the standard approach. Workbox Staffing is dedicated to learning about you and finding the perfect fit for your skills and passions.  Check out our job board  to see the opportunities we have for you! 
 
 November 5, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Effect of Employee Attitude ,  Employment Agencies Grand Rapids ,  How Attitude Affects Performance ,  How Does Attitude Affect Job ,  How Does Negative Attitude Affect Others ,  Qualities of a Good Interviewee ,  Staffing Agencies Grand Rapids 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Your-Attitude-and-How-It-Affects-your-Career.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-11-05 11:00:312019-10-23 09:13:09How Your Attitude Affects Your Career 
 You might also like 
   Don’t Wait Until It’s Too Late: Reasons You Need to Hire Quicker   
   What Makes a Great Supervisor?   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  12 Important Questions To Ask Before Accepting A Job   How to Make the Workplace Safer in the Winter  
 Scroll to top 
