
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior Institutional Researcher 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior Institutional Researcher 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20Institutional%20Researcher&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13313767/senior-institutional-researcher/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 31, 2020 
 Location: 
 Rochester, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Senior Institutional Researcher 
5092BR 
National Technical Institute for the Deaf 
NTID Administrative Affairs 
 Professional Area: 
 Employment Category:  Fulltime 
 Staff Job Function:   Wage Band: 
 Department/College Description 
 Detailed Job Description 
To support institutional program planning, evaluation, and decision-making by coordinating NTID's institutional research resources to design and execute research studies including data analysis, interpretation, reporting and development of recommendations. Prepare periodic reports for institutional units, state and federal agencies, accrediting bodies, and other external groups, including monitoring and analyzing reporting requirements, and auditing/verifying data. Assist users in defining data needs and interpreting results of analyses; defines and assists in developing comprehensive, integrated management information systems, and writes application programs as needed. This position will report directly to the Associate Vice President of NTID Administration and will work closely as a team with the Senior Associate Director of Institutional Research and the Senior Institutional Researcher/Registrar. 
 Manage set of programs and queries, and create new programs and queries, necessary to retrieve data and perform required analyses, e.g., RIT's Student Information System - PeopleSoft-Campus Solutions, RIT Dashboard - Tableau, National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES) Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS). Maintain working knowledge of key institutional and governmental databases to enable this task. 
 Assume responsibility for preparing the statistical portions of the NTID Annual Report and supplementary reporting, Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) reporting, Vocational and Technical Education Act (VTEA) reporting, and other outcomes reporting. 
 Conduct and disseminate studies that document the cost/benefit of Federal support for NTID. In particular, these include employment outcome studies conducted in collaboration with the Social Security Administration, the Rehabilitation Services Administration, and other external partners. As NTID receives nearly $80M in Federal support yearly, this type of analysis is critical to convincing Congress and the Department of Education that continued support is warranted. 
 Prepare briefings as needed for the NTID Administrative Council (NAC) leadership on the characteristics of the NTID student population. 
 Apply knowledge of deafness, postsecondary education, and demographic changes to the studies undertaken e.g., the impact of trends in those areas upon enrollment of deaf students at NTID. To complete this task, maintain currency in the literature of those areas. 
 Conduct faculty and staff salary equity studies, working in conjunction with RIT's Department of Human Resources. 
 Conduct special analyses in response to needs of various administrative units or individual staff members. 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
 Qualifications: 
 Bachelors degree: Data analysis and interpretation or related field; statistics; or education or deaf studies (but with sufficient statistical skills) 
Minimum of 3 years of experience in higher education with a heavy emphasis on research methods, forecasting, assessment, data management, data analysis and reporting, and occupational studies. 
 Specialized Skills: 
 
 Highly focused experience in producing information on educational issues such as enrollment reporting and forecasting, student persistence/retention, job placement. 
 Demonstrated proficiency with data management and the ability to integrate data from disparate sources 
 Demonstrated proficiency with Tableau or equivalent data visualization software, and advanced knowledge of visualization techniques 
 Demonstrated proficiency with SAS or equivalent software. Advanced skills in creating and executing complex SAS programs 
 Working knowledge of key institutional and governmental databases 
 Large-scale database management and analytic skills 
 Verbal and written communication skills 
 Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously 
 
 Masters Degree Preferred 
 
 Data analysis and interpretation or related field; statistics; or education or deaf studies (but with sufficient statistical skills) 
 
 Preferred skills will include institutional research experience in the areas of: 
 
 Deaf studies/deaf education 
 Underserved student populations 
 Implementation of a dashboard and/or business intelligence tools 
 
 In order to communicate effectively with NTID faculty and staff, fluency in American Sign Language is strongly preferred. Candidates without such fluency will be expected to develop it within three years of hire. 
 Preferred skills will include institutional research experience in the areas of: 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Required Application Documents 
 How to Apply 
 The direct link to this posting can be found here:  https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 Additional Details 
 _Rochester Institute of Technology, the 10th largest private university in the U.S., is among the worlds leading technological universities. Its 18,000 undergraduate and graduate students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries are enrolled in over 200 academic programs, including 7 interdisciplinary Ph.D. programs. A pioneer in experiential education, RIT was the first to offer undergraduate degree programs in biotechnology, information technology, software engineering, and microelectronic engineering. As home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf, the university offers unparalleled academic opportunities and services for the deaf and hard-of-hearing. Founded in 1829, RIT has 115,000 alumni throughout the United States and around the world. RIT has been named by the Chronicle of Higher Education as one of the Great Colleges to Work For. RIT is a National Science Foundation ADVANCE Institutional Transformation site, and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples through the Upstate NY Higher Education Recruitment Consortium. For more information, visit www.rit.edu/overview/rankings-and-recognition  and  www.rit.edu . 
 As a member of the RIT community employees receive a well-balanced benefits package that offers a variety of choices and access to additional employment advantages. These benefits, combined with an employees pay, provide a total compensation package that can be tailored to meet your needs. More on RITs Benefits, Health & Wellness program can be found at:  https://www.rit.edu/fa/humanresources/content/benefits-health-and-wellness _ 
 RIT does not discriminate. RIT is an equal opportunity employer that promotes and values diversity, pluralism, and inclusion. For more information or inquiries, please visit RIT/TitleIX or the U.S. Department of Education at ED.Gov 
 Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 
 jeid-8e76e5e2cf946b4d80ca3269d2d8cffe 
 
 
 Internal Number: 1799173 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Rochester Institute of Technology 
 Founded in 1829, Rochester Institute of Technology is a diverse and collaborative community of engaged, socially conscious, and intellectually curious minds. Through creativity and innovation, and an intentional blending of technology, the arts and design, we provide exceptional individuals with a wide range of academic opportunities, including a leading research program and an internationally recognized education for deaf and hard-of-hearing students. Beyond our main campus in Rochester, New York, RIT has international campuses in China, Croatia, Dubai, and Kosovo. And with more than 19,000 students and more than 125,000 graduates from all 50 states and over 100 nations, RIT is driving progress in industries and communities around the world. Find out more at www.rit.edu . 
 Connections working at Rochester Institute of Technology 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Senior Sales Engineer / Key Account Manager 
 __  San Jose, California 
 
 
 
 
 Hubner Photonics Inc. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Frontend Tech Lead (Angular), VP 
 __  Krakow, Poland 
 
 
 State Street Corporation 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 __  Santa Cruz, California 
 
 
 University of California Santa Cruz 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
