
 COVID-19 
 
 Immediate Employment Opportunities 
 Job Seeker + Community Resources 
 Wi-Fi Hot Spots 
 Business Resources 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Business Services 
 News & Events 
 Contact 
 
 * English
 
 
 Pilipino 
 русский 
 Español 
 Tiếng Việt 
 
 
 
   
 
 COVID-19 
 
 Immediate Employment Opportunities 
 Job Seeker + Community Resources 
 Wi-Fi Hot Spots 
 Business Resources 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Business Services 
 News & Events 
 Contact 
 
 * English
 
 
 Pilipino 
 русский 
 Español 
 Tiếng Việt 
 
 
 
 Job Seeker + Community Resources 
 In these challenging and rapidly-changing times, it’s hard to know where to turn for the assistance you need. Below are some resources to help. 
 Unemployment Insurance 
 Update September 1: The requirement to "job search" to receive unemployment insurance benefits is suspended through October 1. Get details and sign up to receive alerts from the  Employment Security Department . 
 Filings for unemployment insurance are at a historically high level. That means delays getting through on the phone and online. A little preparation before filing could save you time and reduce stress. 
 A few tips: 
 
 Start by reading a list of Frequently Asked Questions  WA State Unemployment Insurance FAQ . 
 Then go to the  unemployment website  and review the  checklist , watch the  how to open a SAW account video , and see other resources. Spending a little time reading and preparing could make the filing process go more smoothly. 
 An  easy-to-read comparison guide  lists some of the most common COVID-19 scenarios that may occur and the benefits that may apply (paid sick leave, unemployment insurance, paid family & medical leave, and industrial L&I insurance) 
 Layoff assistance information 
 Resources and  FAQs for employees  impacted by COVID-19 
 
 Looking to return to work check out the  return to work  page on ESD’s website. 
 If you can’t yet return to work due to the crisis, visit  refusal of work page . 
 Oregon Employment Department 
 Update May 29: Governor Inslee extended until June 17: 
 
 20-21.3: Waives/suspends statues/rules relating to a  one-week waiting period to collect unemployment insurance . (20-21.2) 
 20-30.3: Waives/suspends statutory  job search requirements for applicants seeking unemployment insurance . (20-30.2) 
 
 Job Search + Training Support 
 We are available to assist individuals seeking job search and training assistance. 
 
 WA State  WorkSource  resources 
 Next  for ages 16-24 
 Companies that are hiring 
 
 Financial 
 
 Washington Paid Family and Medical Leave  Q&A for workers and employers 
 WA State Department of Financial Institutions’  list of financial resources  for Washington consumers impacted by the coronavirus 
 
 Utilities 
 
 Clark PUD 
 NW Natural 
 City of Vancouver (water/sewer) 
 Clark Regional Wastewater District 
 Waste Connections 
 Cowlitz PUD 
 Search for internet service providers 
 
 Schools + Education 
 
 K-12 schools  across the State are closed through the end of the school year in June 2020 
 School Districts 
 
 Longview School District 
 
 
 Clark College  and  Lower Columbia College  have moved to online instruction as of 3/17, and  WSU Vancouver  as of 3/23 
 Kahn Academy has  free tools for remote learning , daily schedules, online streaming, guides for parents and more 
 Scholastic created a free  “Learn at Home” website  amid COVID-19 school closures 
 
 Child Care 
 
 If your child care facility closed due to COVID-19 concerns, contact Child Care Aware of Washington's Family Center at 1.800.446.1114 or  familycenter@childcare.org  for help searching for alternative child care.  Child Care Aware  is a nonprofit statewide child care resource and referral program for Washington State. 
 Educational Service District 112 Child Care Resource and Referral line 360.952.3466 
 If you are an essential worker or first responder and need immediate childcare, WeeCare is opening up its full directory across the nation and 24/7 service to find, locate and place you immediately at a home daycare for back-up care. To learn more visit  https://weecare.co/daycare-near-me  or call 310.929.9579. 
 
 Health + Health Care 
 
 Free Drive-thru COVID-19 Testing for our Black and Latinx community members - Tuesday, August 18, 2020, from 2–7 p.m.  English ,  Spanish ,  Chuukese 
 Beginning June 26, Washingtonians, with some exceptions, are required to wear face coverings in indoor public spaces and in outside public spaces when unable to physically distance from others.  Click this link to read more . 
 World Health Organization –  When and how to use masks (videos and infographics) 
 WA State Health Care Authority  Options for COVID-19 testing and treatment of the uninsured 
 Free or low-cost healthcare coverage  Washington Apple Health 
 Washington State Department of Health 
 (Note: State hotline available 6 a.m.-10 p.m. daily at 800.525.0127) 
 Centers for Disease Control & Prevention  (CDC) 
 Washington State Corona Virus Response  including resources for businesses and individuals and multilingual resources 
 Clark County Public Health 
 
 COVID-19 fact sheet:  English ,  Spanish ,  Russian ,  Vietnamese ,  Chinese  (traditional),  Thai ,  Korean 
 
 
 Mental Health Resources 
 Resources for Immigrants  (some in other languages) 
 
 Mental Health + Grief Support 
 
 If you or someone you know is experiencing a mental health crisis, contact the Southwest WA crisis line at 800.626.8137 
 Stepping Stones 
 Columbia River Mental Health Services  
 The Children’s Center 
 Catholic Community Services 
 Family Solutions 
 Al-Anon Family Group Electronic Meetings 
 
 Resources for Hispanic and Latinx Communities 
 
 Clark County Latino Youth Conference 
 Fourth Plain Forward 
 Latino Community Resource Group 
 Southwest Washington League of United Latin American Citizens 
 Business Resources –  Columbia River Economic Development Council 
 
 Other Resources 
 
 Locations with free Wi-Fi 
 
 Local Governments 
 Where to find updated information on what steps local governments are taking in response to COVID-19: 
 
 Battle Ground 
 Camas 
 Castle Rock 
 Clark County 
 Cowlitz County 
 Kalama 
 Kelso 
 La Center 
 Longview 
 Ridgefield 
 Vancouver 
 
 Mayor Anne McEnerny-Ogle's  Facebook Page 
 
 
 Wahkiakum County 
 Washougal 
 Woodland 
 Yacolt 
 
 Other Information 
 
 Governor Inslee’s  “Stay Home, Stay Healthy” order  and  proclamation . Order  extended through May 4 . 
 
 WorkSource Cowlitz/Wahkiakum 
 305 S Pacific Avenue, Suite 101 
Kelso, WA 98626 
 Job Seekers:  360.577.2250 
 WorkSource Vancouver 
 204 SE Stonemill Drive, Suite 215 
Vancouver, WA 98684 
 Job Seekers:  360.735.5000 
 Connect with Us 
 fb.com/WorkSourceSW 
 
 WorkSource is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. Washington Relay 711. 
 © 2017 WorkSource SW Washington |  Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 Skip to content 
  Open toolbar  
 Accessibility Tools 
 
 Increase Text 
 Decrease Text 
 Grayscale 
 High Contrast 
 Negative Contrast 
 Light Background 
 Links Underline 
 Readable Font 
 Reset 
 
