
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  / Mix It Up! Work a Bartending Job Abroad 
 Mix It Up! Work a Bartending Job Abroad 
 Casual work is one of the greatest ways to earn a living abroad, granting you the flexibility to move from country to country or city to city without the danger of life becoming as boring and humdrum as back home. 
 If you are a people person, working seasons gives you the chance to make dozens of new friends, and create your own web of contacts that stretches across the globe. 
 While casual workers, like beggars, cannot be choosers when it comes to finding a job abroad, one industry that always needs more hands is the  hospitality sector . Wherever there are people, there are places to feed and water them, and a cheerful smile always helps a drink taste better. 
 That’s right, we’re talking about finding bar  jobs abroad ! 
 Unlike a professional career move, casual work does not require hundreds of hours of planning, or years of previous experience. Although it is possible to find a job in a bar before you fly out to your destination of choice, in many cases vacancies are advertised through word of mouth or local signage. In popular European resorts such as  Magaluf and Ibiza , the accepted method of finding a job is to turn up and ask the bars what shifts they have going, even if you have never pulled a pint in your life. 
 This requires its own strategy, as hundreds of other eager workers will do exactly the same thing. The trick is to arrive early in the season, to get established in a bar before they have all the staff they need. 
 In the Balearic Islands - well-established hotspots for European revelers - the main summer season runs from May to September, so arriving in late April or early May gives you a better chance of finding both work and cheaper accommodation. The later you arrive, the less choice you have. 
 Expect a modest living wage, but the lifestyle encourages lazy days and hectic working nights, so few people finish the summer out of pocket. 
 
 Bartending Abroad for Fun and Money 
 During the winter, the best place to find bar work is in a ski resort, although it is unlikely you would just serve drinks. One of the most popular ski season jobs is a  chalet host , when people cook and clean for holiday groups staying at a chalet throughout the season - which runs from approximately November to April in the northern hemisphere. 
 Unlike the summer resorts, in the winter it is better to apply for a job before heading out. While it is not unknown for companies to take staff on midway through a season, many prefer to recruit on masse before customers begin to arrive. Find a great guide to the biggest  European ski employers  here. 
 However, working flat out for six months and spending Christmas away from home can be tough for some people, and there are always a number of workers who do not last the season and need to be replaced. While not a guaranteed approach, it can be possible to fill these roles on a job-by-job basis by contacting employers directly. 
 If you do not fancy looking after a small group of people for the duration of their stay, it can be possible to polish your bartending skills, but expect to help in the restaurants as well, perhaps in low responsibility jobs such as waiting staff or dishwasher. Qualified chefs are in high demand at ski resorts, but would need to commit to the entire season as they are not easily replaced. 
 As ski resorts are isolated places, companies usually include accommodation and sometimes food expenses, or deduce a percentage of your wages to cover the living costs. In summer resorts this is rare and you are expected to find your own accommodation. 
 The alternative to seasonal bar work is urban bar work - going to the tourist magnets that need capable hands all year round. These establishments are found in big cities, especially country capitals, which are full of visitors every month. 
 Again, the vacancies are often found through word of mouth or cold calling, although city employment agencies often have notice of upmarket venues that need experienced staff. However, the Internet has dozens of websites advertising vacancies, including  JobMonkey  - a great resource for international jobs across the hospitality sector. 
 Do not underestimate the power of  Gumtree  either - you can find jobs listings conveniently divided up into major cities in the UK, Ireland, Poland, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Singapore. 
 At the other end of the scale, youth hostels are used to a high turnover of causal staff and can provide the ideal first job in a new city as it combines paid work with a secure place to live, cutting back on commuting costs. 
 For all bar jobs, a confident, upbeat personality and willingness to work is essential. Bar work demands long hours in hectic environments, and drunken customers can test patience beyond endurance. Those who struggle to stay up late will find the working hours a strain, as bar shifts start mid afternoon and rarely end before the small hours. 
 As mentioned earlier previous experience is not always required and on-the-job training is normal practice, but the industry’s high turnover rates damage job security - if you do not pull your weight it is simple for employers to find more motivated workers. 
 On the other hand, bar jobs offer the ultimate flexibility as it is easy to leave and move on to another bar if you do not like the venue, your colleagues or your boss! 
 Filed Under:  Jobs Abroad ,  Resorts Jobs ,  Tourism Jobs  Tagged With:  bartender job ,  bartending jobs ,  bartending jobs abroad ,  work abroad 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
