Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty Positions – Antimicrobial Discovery and Resistance 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 David Braley Centre for Antibiotic Discovery 
 McMaster University 
 The David Braley Centre for Antibiotic Discovery at McMaster University invites applications for up to three faculty in the areas of Antimicrobial Discovery and Resistance. Applications are sought from candidates at all career stages. Research areas of interest include, but are not limited to, chemical biology, computational biology, medicinal chemistry, microbiology, and systems biology. 
 The David Braley Centre for Antibiotic Discovery is embarking on an ambitious program to develop the areas of preclinical antibiotic drug discovery and has outstanding resources in high-throughput biology and chemical screening, natural products, microbiology, and models of infectious disease. The Centre is home to a strong faculty contingent that is working at the interface of chemistry, microbiology, and medicine. We are seeking highly collaborative candidates to expand this initiative with research programs complementary to the research strengths of the group. 
 Applicants must possess a PhD or MD/PhD with relevant experience and training, and a strong desire to work collaboratively with other faculty members. The successful applicants will develop an active research program and contribute to educational programs at McMaster University through an appointment with a suitable academic Department. 
 Applicants should submit a curriculum vitae, a statement of research experience, a summary of future plans, teaching dossier and the names of three references by September 1, 2020 to the search committee Chair Professor Eric Brown, David Braley Centre for Antibiotic Discovery, McMaster University, MDCL 2235, 1280 Main St W, Hamilton, ON L8S 4L8, c/o manneng@mcmaster.ca. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
