  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 E-commerce 
 
 E-commerce Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance E-commerce Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/e-commerce-1) 
 Yesterday 
 Commissions management 
 Published: Yesterday  Deadline: 15 Bids: 2 
 So, I'm starting a new business in Indonesia, and we have several E-commerce platforms that I'd like to capitalize on. Most have already provided a commissions program that provides referral links, but I'd like a program where if an account (of the e-commerce media) buys through a referral link, the promoter will still receive a commission even if said account buys from another referral link or a non-referral link. Thank you. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  D. S. Indonesia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 days ago 
 Smart Fishnet 
 Published: 2 days ago  Deadline: 41 Bids: 3 
 It is a B to B and B to C business platform where cryptocurrency technology will be used we will be providing the technology as well as the product it can be operated in all devices. Programming language should be Python. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad, Other 
 I need to  : Migrate an app 
 App type  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  S. P. Last reply: 6 days ago  India 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 E-Commerce Customer Service Specialist (Fluid English) 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 12 
 We're looking for new specialists to join our growing online team with 3 emerging E-Commerce Brands in Consumer Goods: 
 - Flexible, Dedicated problem solver, Team Player (we want to hear about your experiences! :) ) 
- People-orientated person who enjoys helping customers + colleagues 
- Proactive about learning new software + product characteristics 
- Not afraid to step in to stop an error in progress or help upsell a customer that's shopping, independently 
- Comfortable with communication online with remote teams vias platforms such as: Shared Docs, Chats, Videocalls, Microsoft 365/Google Suite, Asana, Confluence, etc 
- Is versatile and open to adapting with the company's day-to-day challenges and growth: somedays we're on the phone working with partners and others we need to help build content for marketing campaigns; we adapt as priorities are re-defined week to week, change is welcome. 
- Position is time-zone flexible and family friendly, our focus is on meeting weekly priorities and fluid communication 
- If possible, Looking for weekend + off-peak support as much of the team operates M-F 10am-6pm EST. 
(Hablamos español y somos bilingües también :) ) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  Sarah C. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Chile Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 weeks ago 
 Create Shopify E-commerce Site 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 15 
 Hello, 
 I am a Software Engineer with a small team (a graphic designer and a digital marketer) and I am currently working with a client to create a Shopify e-commerce site for him. I would like to find someone who has a lot of experience creating Shopify websites. 
 Please leave a few sample of sites you have built with Shopify. 
 Thanks! 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  V. C. T. Puerto Rico 
 USD 250 - 500 
 3 weeks ago 
 Magento E Commerce Development 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 1 
 So the development of the separate Frontend Portal (browser based) will be for VIP Customers, Vendors, & Clients which will be fully integrated with the e-commerce platform 
The Frontend Portal will have, Multi-Vendor Login (each vendor having multiple users), Multi-Client (VIP) Login, and Our Users Login, 
 We do this in stages, so that we can add each functionality one by one 
We then add Multi-Warehouse Integration, Multi-Courier integration with multiple accounts for each Courier, 
Easy Channel Listing on Amazon, eBay, Shopify and other channels 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  M. D. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 weeks ago 
 Magento E Commerce 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 2 
 So the development of the separate Frontend Portal (browser based) will be for VIP Customers, Vendors, & Clients which will be fully integrated with the e-commerce platform 
The Frontend Portal will have, Multi-Vendor Login (each vendor having multiple users), Multi-Client (VIP) Login, and Our Users Login, 
 We do this in stages, so that we can add each functionality one by one 
We then add Multi-Warehouse Integration, Multi-Courier integration with multiple accounts for each Courier, 
Easy Channel Listing on Amazon, eBay, Shopify and other channels 
 Divide the requirement doc in weekly sprints. So each week there will be a deliverable. We need to manage it on GitHub (privately of course) so that we can have easy access. 
You need to update it for at least 8 weeks, so that it reflects what you will deliver, every week 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs), Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Project manager, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  M. A. United States 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 Last month 
 Sap Ariba - Punchout 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 We have a web store that must be connected to a SAP Ariba erp system of the clients. The punchout must be done in CXML. Attached cxml documents, as well as sap ariba punchout development documents. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. T. C. Peru 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
