
 Free Kindle Books 
 Featured Books 
 
 Fiction 
 Nonfiction 
 Covers I Love 
 Book Reviews 
 
 
 Author Interviews 
 
 First Name A-G 
 First Name H-N 
 First Name O-Z 
 
 
 
 [ 
 Working Writers 
 Where Writers and Readers Unite 
 ](http://workingwritersandbloggers.com/ "Working Writers") 
 
 Home 
 Promote Your Books 
 
 Paid and Free Promotions 
 Guest Posting 
 Questions for Interviews 
 
 
 Make Money Writing 
 
 Blogging 
 Freelance Writing 
 Indie Publishing 
 Poetry 
 Writing Tips 
 
 
 About 
 
 Sign Up for Weekly Emails 
 
 
 Contact 
 Books in the Shop 
 
 Authors Featured at Working Writers 
 
 First Name A-G 
 First Name H-N 
 First Name O-Z 
 
 
 Bestsellers 
 Books About Writing 
 Christian Fiction 
 Mysteries 
 Nonfiction 
 Poetry 
 Romance Books 
 
 
 Write for Us 
 
 Hot Topics 
 
  February 28, 2017 | Do writers need a literary agent?  
  February 10, 2017 | The sound of music  
  January 12, 2017 | What are you looking at?  
  November 14, 2016 | Interview: Stuart M. Harris  
  November 10, 2016 | Cookies for the dogs  
 
 Search for: 
 Home   Make Money Writing   Freelance Writing 
 Freelance Writing Jobs - 3 Services Writers Can Offer Clients to Make More Money 
 TOPICS: freelance rates how to price services social networking services for writers ways to make more money freelancing writing advice writing services to offer clients 
 Posted By:  Guest Poster  August 16, 2009 
 One of the easiest ways to land freelance writing jobs is to be a one-stop, freelance writing shop. Following are three services freelance writers can offer their clients that will make it easier for them to use you over and over again. Some are brought on by the new media economy; others are mere conveniences that clients wish they had someone to handle. 
 3 Services Freelance Writers Can Offer to Gain Long-Term Clients 
 Social Media Marketing  : Manage a Twitter Account. Do you use the social networking site Twitter? If not, you should as a freelance writer. Why? Because it's quick and easy to set up, and you can offer to set up and manage the account for clients. 
 When freelance writing jobs slow down, offering a peripheral service like social media marketing can take up the slack. Clients like it because most of them know that they should be involved in social media marketing, but they have no idea how to go about it. 
 Twitter is the perfect social networking site to offer to set up and monitor because you "Tweet" in 140 characters (not words, characters) or less, which takes seconds, not minutes. 
 Clients will be ever so grateful, and you will have added another income stream to your freelance writing efforts. 
 Blogging: Set Up a WordPress Blog . One of the biggest types of freelance writing jobs to come down the pike in recent years is blogging. Most freelance writers blog. And, many of them do it in WordPress. However, many clients still slave away with HTML sites. But a WordPress blog is easy to set up and learn how to maneuver in. 
 And, if you don't know how to set it up, you can still offer the service to clients. How? By outsourcing it -- usually for less than $100 - much less. Simply place an ad on a major site like Craigslist. Many web designers troll this site looking for assignments like setting up WordPress blogs. 
 If you charged the client $150 to set up their WordPress blog and you outsource it a freelance web designer for $50 or less, that's a $100 or more profit. 
 Online Marketing  : Article Writing and Submission. Article marketing is one of the best, free online advertising methods you can use to get the word out about a product/service, drive organic traffic for years to come, build subscriber lists and convert tirekickers into buyers. And it's a great service to offer that will get you even more freelance writing jobs. 
 By explaining how article marketing works - ie, laying out the above benefits mentioned above - you can offer the service to clients. In addition to writing the articles, you can offer to set up accounts for them at article directories and manually submit articles for them -for an additional fee. It's hands-off marketing for them that pays big dividends. 
 There's no need to ever worry about landing  freelance writing jobs  - if you become an all-inclusive freelance writing shop. Offering services like these put you on this road. 
 May be reprinted with the following, in full: Yuwanda Black is a successful freelance writer who heads New Media Words, an SEO writing and internet marketing outsource firm. She has publised 13 ebooks to date. To learn everything you need about how to start a lucrative  freelance writing career , log on to Work-from-Home-Writing-jobs.com for first-hand information. 
 _ 
Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/?expert=Yuwanda_Black _ 
 Popular Posts This Month 
 
 15 Exercises You Can Do Sitting In Front Of Your Computer 
 How Long Should a Poetry Book Be? 
 The Major Differences Between Writing Style Guides 
 Average Typing Speed Per Minute: 5 Interesting Facts to Learn 
 Writing an Introduction That Attracts Attention 
 Show Don't Tell 
 Interview: Carey Wallace 
 How to Write a Successful Celebrity Blog 
 Interview: Kiera Cass 
 Collateral - Story Breakdown - Act Two 
 
 __SHARE __TWEET __PIN __SHARE 
 
 __Previous post 
 Next post __ 
 
 About the Author 
   
  Guest Poster  
 This post was written by a guest. Would you like to guest post here? Check out our  guidelines . 
 Related Articles 
   
 Freelance Writing 
  Collateral - Story Breakdown - Act Two  
 
   
 Freelance Writing 
  Online Bestseller - What is the Benefit to Having One?  
 
   
 Freelance Writing 
  Seven Tips For Writing a Good Bio  
 
   
 Freelance Writing 
  How to Break Down a Story  
 
 1 Comment on "Freelance Writing Jobs - 3 Services Writers Can Offer Clients to Make More Money" 
 
 Philip M.  |  September 18, 2009 at 1:55 am  | 
 
 Nice post about offering  professional writing services. Thanks! 
 [ Reply ] 
 Leave a comment  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Click to cancel reply 
 Our Authors 
   HL Carpenter 
 HL Carpenter writes sweet, clean fiction suitable for your entire family. Visit  HLCarpenter.com  for gift reads and the latest Carpenter Country news. 
 Christine Lebednik 
 Christine Lebednik has spent much of her writing work life in the technical and business writing area of the discipline. She has written on a wide range of topics in web content writing from spiritual to technical topics, and also has some experience working within corporate training settings as a subset of her work as a technical and business writer. 
 William Ballard 
 William Ballard, a freelance writer, blogger, and author, is chief executive of  Freelance Writer and Author William Ballard  (currently located in Grand Prairie, Texas). He blogs about freelance writing, blogging, and business at his  Freelance Writing and Business Blog . 
 Sarah Katreen Hoggatt 
 Sarah is the author of several books and numerous articles. A freelance writer, international speaker, book designer, and spiritual director, she holds a Master of Arts degree in Christian Ministry and a Certificate of Spiritual Formation and Discipleship from George Fox Evangelical Seminary. Sarah makes her home in Salem, Oregon. For more information, see her website at  SarahKatreenHoggatt.com . 
 Allyson Carter 
 Allyson Carter is an author who dips her toes into the suspense and romance genres in the Edgy Christian market. She lives in Missouri with her husband, four children and three cats, where she homeschools her children, three on the autism spectrum. You can find out more about her books and read her blog on her  website . 
 Jennifer Snow 
 Jennifer Snow writes contemporary romance fiction for Penguin Random House and Harlequin, with books ranging from small-towns to big cities. She lives in Edmonton, Alberta with her husband and five year old son. Visit her  website  for more info. 
 Glynis Boyd Hughes 
 Glynis Boyd Hughes believes inspired writing can change the world. Epiphanies, iced coffee and a really awesome husband serve as the backdrop for her contributions to the cause. 
 Sea Chapman 
 Help for Freelancers 
 
   Articles on Friendship from About.com 
 Putting on the New 
 
 Like Us on Facebook 
 
 Copyright 2021 | MH Newsdesk by  MH Themes 
