   Icon Close Menu 
 Welcome To 
 Northern Virginia 
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
   
 Find Your Job 
 Overview 
 Find a Job in Northern Virginia 
 Jobs in Northern Virginia run the gamut from cybersecurity to marketing to healthcare. There’s no better place in the country to find employment. 
 Whether it’s at a Fortune 500 company, an emerging startup or a major health care or government organization – we’re hiring. Start browsing jobs in our hottest industries below. 
 Quick Links 
 
  Link Icon Company & Industry Cluster  
 Link Icon Cost of Living Calculator 
 Link Icon Find Your Community Quiz 
 
 89,588  Active Listings 
 Source: JobsEQ 
 Jobs by Sector 
 Browse a curated selection of open positions in Northern Virginia's hottest industries. Whether you’re an expert in your field or a first-time job seeker, we have a job with your name on it. 
 Financial Services 
 Whether you’re a seasoned pro with years of experience or a newcomer looking to dip your toe into the world of finance, Northern Virginia has plenty of prime positions ready for you to dive into. 
  Browse 4,825 Jobs  
 Information Technology 
 The IT sector in Northern Virginia continues to grow as companies flock to this region, seeking experts with specialized knowledge of computer systems. Browse IT positions below. 
  Browse 4,825 Jobs  
 Defense and Aerospace 
 With the advantage of being so close to our nation’s capital, the defense and aerospace sector in Northern Virginia is thriving. Find your new position below. 
  Browse 60,085 Jobs  
 Health & Life Sciences 
 With a range of hospitals and highly ranked medical facilities in the Northern Virginia region, career possibilities abound. From nurses to lab researchers, you’ll find a job that suits you here. 
  Browse 8,859 Jobs  
 Internships 
 In Northern Virginia, you can jumpstart your career with an internship at one of the most exciting companies in the country – whether it’s a Fortune 500 or fast-growing startup. 
  Browse 1,459 Jobs  
 Government Agencies 
 In the back yard of the epicenter of government, Northern Virginia is flush with careers at federal organizations, from intelligence to health and human services to transportation. 
  Browse 574 Jobs  
 Renewable Energy 
 Northern Virginia is always working to stay on the forefront of innovation with a wide range of careers in the renewable energy industry. Find your new position below. 
  Browse 1,366 Jobs  
 Cleared Jobs 
 Are you a veteran or cleared security, defense or intelligence professional? Northern Virginia is the best place in the country to grow your career. Browse clearance jobs below. 
  See Jobs  
 Join The Talent Pool 
 Want to stay in the loop on relevant job opportunities and information about living in Northern Virginia? Submit your information below and we'll be in touch. 
 Submit Info 
 Find Your Community 
 Ready to make your move to Northern Virginia but not sure which community is right for you? Take our quiz to help you decide which neighborhood is best for you and your family. 
 Take Quiz 
 Cost of Living Calculator 
 As one of the best places to live near DC, Northern Virginia’s surplus of amenities and ease of access offer high value at a lower cost of living than major metros across the nation. 
 Begin 
 Meet Our Employers 
 With a wide variety of jobs across industries ranging from aerospace to health and life sciences, you’ll find your next career move in Northern Virginia. 
  View Companies  
   
 Fairfax County Economic Development Authority 
8300 Boone Boulevard, Suite 450 
Tysons, Virginia 22182    703-790-0600  
                   
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
 Website by    DCI Logo  
 (C) 2021 Copyright  |   Privacy Policy  
 Icon Close Menu 
 Add Your Company 
 Submit your information below and we'll add your company to the cluster of employers currently hiring in Northern Virginia. Help us put you on the map for talent. 
 Company Name * 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Careers Page 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Twitter 
 __ 
 Instagram 
 __ 
 Short Company Description * 
 Contact Name * 
 Email * 
 Phone * 
 Logo (Max 5MB | EPS, AI, SVG, PNG, JPG) * 
 
 File name:   
 File size: 
 Icon Close Menu 
 Join the Talent Pool 
 Want to stay in the loop on relevant job opportunities and information about living in Northern Virginia? Submit your information below and we'll be in touch. 
 First Name * 
 Last Name * 
 Email * 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Years Experience * 
 - Select -0-3 years4-9 years10+ years 
