Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supervised Access Worker – Casual 
 Family and Children Services of Waterloo 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Agency currently has multiple casual relief Supervised Access Worker positions available. 
 The Supervised Access Worker will work with primary families, volunteers, staff and resource families in Supported Family Time. This role will Support families to have a safe and positive visit. The successful candidate will preferably be eager to work day, evening or weekend shifts on short notice either in our Cambridge or Kitchener locations. 
 The purpose of Supported Family Time is: 
 
 to support ongoing contact between children and their parents/caregivers; 
 to coach/mentor the parent/caregivers to enhance the quality of the parent/caregiver and child relationship; 
 to provide a setting for safe and positive interactions between children and parents/caregivers; 
 to evaluate the potential for increased and/or unsupervised access, and; 
 to help families achieve the goals pertaining to Supported Family time as set out in the family-owned plan 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Community College Social Services diploma; ECE; relevant undergraduate degree or equivalent 
 Two years’ experience working with at risk families 
 Experience in coaching and mentoring 
 Training in parent-child interactional models (e.g. Circle of Security) an asset 
 Demonstrated time management skills 
 Above average written and oral communication skills 
 Own transportation required 
 Current First Aid/CPR preferred 
 
 Wage Range: 
$24.5083 to $30.3900 per hour + 4% vacation pay 
 Social Work - Grade 6 
 Articles 15 & 16 apply to internal applicants. 
 Family & Children’s Services of the Waterloo Region is committed to diversity in the workplace and strongly encourages applications from qualified individuals with varied backgrounds. 
 Application Process 
 Interested internal applicants are invited to submit a resume to internal.resume@facswaterloo.org, no later than 4:00pm on December 2, 2020 quoting posting #024-2020. 
 Interested external applicants are invited to submit a resume to resume@facswaterloo.org, no later than 4:00 pm on December 2, 2020 quoting posting #024-2020. 
 Resumes will only be accepted electronically. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
