Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Life Hacks 
 A big lounge at wordpress.com to share your thoughts on any topic with others and know what they think. All with a cup of coffee. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Contact Us 
 Suggestions 
 Your Topics Here 
 
 Tag Archives: Job 
 Thinking Positive: The best way to avoid life disasters 
 Posted on  January 24, 2015  by   Ali 
 Reply 
 First, let me tell you background of this story. It was a start of a new year. Appraisals and Promotions are being discussed everywhere in the company I work for. I was happy. There was nothing stressful in my life. I used to do another part-time job to increase my monthly budget so that I could live easily. 
 And then one day, probably Monday, I woke up. I finished my chores and started getting ready to go to work. On my way to work, I got an accident. I was injured and I got depressed because of that accident. Although it was not so worse but it still made me think negative about some days ahead. I reached office. I was there and then , someone from the place where I work part-time, called me and told me that my services are no longer required by them. It made me more depressed. I was getting negative thoughts regarding my future days. Then, after some time , my senior at work told me that appraisals are not being sent due to some issue. May be, the company will not send it this year. I was shocked when I heard that. I was under so much pressure. I became pessimist. Anyhow, whatever I did that day, turned bad for me. 
 I came back home. I finished everything and went to bed. I lied down. Then I started thinking about what happened today. I realized something. Something that made my eyes open. I analyzed the whole situation and the conclusion that I got was so helpful ( I will tell you later , how?). All that bad things that happened today was because my thoughts became negative. My mind was not thinking positive. When I first got depressed, it attracted negative vibe and then, that negative vibe attracted more negative energy and the second bad incident happened and it went on. 
 After realizing that my thinking became so negative, I closed my eyes. I imagined that my brain was rusted. In my imagination , I started cleaning my brain . I cleaned and cleaned until all the rust went off. And then I started imagining the positive outcome of every situation. 
 The very next day , I started my day in normal routine. When I got back to office, they told me that appraisals are on their way. I found an alternative for my part-time job. And I recovered from the injuries faster than expected. In short, everything went right. 
 The conclusion here is that the life treats you as how you think it will. Positive thinking can really make you live in peace. The mission should not be "to survive". The mission should be "to live". Don't let a bad incident or a bad thought carry you away. Even if something worse happens, just relax. Calm down. There is still something positive in it. Think about it. Block all the dark energies. Do not let them prevail you. 
 
 Note: Stories and thoughts like this are my own experiences and analysis. 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  International ,  Life ,  Pakistan ,  People ,  Tips ,  World  |  Tagged  America ,  anger ,  Carried away ,  chores ,  Duty ,  experience ,  feeling ,  frustration ,  happy ,  india ,  International ,  Job ,  life ,  Life is beautiful ,  life tips ,  live ,  love ,  month ,  Negative ,  new ,  of ,  Pakistan ,  Pakistan and United States ,  Pakistan life ,  Pakistan youth ,  peace ,  people ,  Positive ,  race ,  ready ,  Sentiments ,  Therapy ,  Thinking ,  Thought ,  World ,  year  |   Leave a reply 
 Search us 
 Search 
 Help find missing persons 
 
 Help find missing persons 
 
 All Topics 
 All Topics Select Month January 2018  April 2016  January 2016  August 2015  May 2015  January 2015  June 2014  October 2012 
 Categories 
 
 Android 
 Bollywood 
 Hollywood 
 International 
 iPhone and iPad 
 
 iPhone Apps 
 
 
 Latest News 
 Life 
 Mathematical Problems and Querries 
 Pakistan 
 People 
 Politics 
 Technology 
 Tips 
 Uncategorized 
 US 
 World 
 
 Life Hacks 
 Enter your email address to follow TopicDiscussion and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Topic Discussion 
 
 Topic Discussion 
 
 More 
 
 About Me 
 Contact Us 
 Suggestions 
 Your Topics Here 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
