For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the   instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  
 Skip to main content 
 
 __Become a member 
 __Sign in 
 __Contact us 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Sectors 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 
 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 White papers 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Become a member  
 
 
 
 Home 
 Mining 
 03 April 2017 
 Mining accounts for 10% of Australian jobs 
 
 Mining accounts for 10% of Australian jobs 
 __Save to read list Published by  Louise Mulhall , Editorial Assistant 
 World Coal , Monday, 03 April 2017 10:35 
 
 Advertisement 
 According to research by Deloitte, the mining industry's contribution to the economy is far larger and likely to be more lasting than most people believe, accounting for about 10% of all jobs even in the so-called 'post-boom' era now confronting the industry. 
 Research prepared by Deloitte Access Economics for the Minerals Council of Australia estimates how much of a gap would be left in the national economy without a mining sector. 
 Rather than counting only what is extracted by mining companies and sold offshore, it almost doubles the true contribution by adding in the sectors that contribute mining equipment, technology, and other services. 
 In 2015-16, the total contribution of the mining and broader so-called METS sector amounted to AUS$237 billion, which is equivalent to around 15% of the total economy. 
 The figure is considerably larger than what appears in the national accounts, where mining including oil gas accounted for about US$116 billion of industry gross value added, or 7% of the economy. 
 Deloitte estimates the industry's broader contribution supports more than 1.14 million jobs across the country, or one in 10 full-time positions. 
 Third-phase misconception 
 Ian Harper, a Reserve Bank of Australia board member who spearheaded the research at Deloitte, said the findings confirmed that mining remains a major player in the economy despite the industry now having slid into what is commonly referred to as the 'third phase' of the resources boom. 
 The first was the surge in prices that erupted from 2003, followed by the record 'investment phase' in new mines and capacity, and which ended around 2014-15. 
 Professor Harper said the report challenges a common misconception that the third leg of the boom - or the current rise in production and export volumes - will involve relatively few real jobs compared to the investment phase. 
 "It's true that the first two phases have completed and now we're into the third phase - but that is not a jobless phase," Professor Harper said in an interview on Tuesday. 
 "If you just look at the raw figures, the extractive figures then you're thinking this is relatively small, but that's never been a proper way to do the numbers." 
 < 
 'Tip of the iceberg' 
 Professor Harper's research excludes the oil and gas industry, which would make the contribution from the broader resources sector even larger if included. 
 "It isn't just what share of value-added the industry has, that's the tip of the iceberg. "You ask what would the economy look like without this industry and that sweeps up all the interconnections that take place between pure extraction, which is what most people think mining is, and refining, and then you've got all the rest." By way of example, mining extraction adds about 0.5% to Victoria's gross state product, but when the METS sector is included, accounts for 3.7% of growth. 
 "A lot of the activity which people don't associate with the mining industry occurs in the big cities, which is where a lot of the METS sector is, so it's a way to be able to explain to people that it's not just minerals in remote areas of Australia," said David Byers, deputy chief executive of the Minerals Council. 
 Mr Byers notes that the report provides a far more accurate picture of the durability of the sector because the calculations don't include much of the construction activity that happened during the investment boom, and which would have inflated the figures. 
 "This is durable investment versus peaking investment," he said. 
 Mr Byers adds that the report underscores the need for the government to ensure the industry remains competitive through the tax system, industrial relations flexibility, openness to foreign investment, affordable and reliable energy, and efficient regulation. 
 Read the article online at: https://www.worldcoal.com/mining/03042017/mining-accounts-for-10-of-australian-jobs/ 
 You might also like 
 
 [WEBINAR] Essential rules of adopting AI in Mining and Metals 
 Join us for a webinar with OSIsoft to learn a simple definition of AI and the benefits of adopting it into your operations, the anatomy of a successful AI project and real-world examples and success stories.  Register for free today » 
   
  Altius reports 4Q20 attributable royalty revenue  
 Tuesday 26 January 2021 14:30 
 Altius Minerals Corp. expects to report record attributable quarterly royalty revenue of approximately CAN$21.9 million for 4Q20 ended 31 December 2020. 
 
 __Embed 
 __Tags 
 
 Embed article link:  (copy the HTML code below): 
 Mining accounts for 10% of Australian jobs  
 
 This article has been tagged under the following: 
  Australia coal news   
 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 ×Close 
 This content is available to members only. Please  sign in  or  become a member  for free. 
 
 Member benefits 
 
 __Access to locked online articles 
 __Save articles to your read list 
 __Downloadable white papers 
 __Full website membership 
 
 Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, no credit card required. 
 
 Already a member?  Sign in  here 
 News 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 Quick links 
 
 Home 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 White Papers 
 Directory 
 Become a member 
 Sign in 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 Our team 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Website cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dry Bulk 
 
 
 Energy Global 
 
 
 Global Mining Review 
 
 
 Hydrocarbon Engineering 
 
 
 LNG Industry 
 
 
 Oilfield Technology 
 
 
 Tanks and Terminals 
 
 
 World Cement 
 
 
 World Coal 
 
 
 World Fertilizer 
 
 
 World Pipelines 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Palladian Publications Ltd. All rights reserved | Tel: +44 (0)1252 718 999 | Email:  enquiries@worldcoal.com 
