  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Potters Bar 
 Rate:  Â£32k - 38k per year + welcome bonus and benefits 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Charge Nurses RMN / RNLD 
 Location:  Potters Bar 
 Salary:  £32,000 -  £38,000p/a 
 Description:  We are looking for qualified nurses RMN / RNLD with significant post registration experience to manage and direct the delivery of clinical services within a ward or unit, ensuring it complies with statutory regulations. 
 Previous managerial experience for a team of clinical staff undertaking a variety of roles at different levels would be an advantage. 
 The successful candidate will be required to demonstrate excellent clinical leadership skills and be a positive role model to the ward team, whilst ensuring effective communication across the multidisciplinary team, through supervision and mentoring. 
 Previous experience of working within inpatient Mental Health or Secure Services is essential. 
 The environment will present difficult and challenging situations and the successful candidate should be flexible in their approach in order to meet the operational needs of the business. 
 Person Specification:  All applicants must hold a first level qualification in Mental Health Nursing ( RMN ) or Learning Disabilities Nursing ( RNLD ) within the UK along with a current valid PIN 
 Benefits:  In addition to the salary, our client offers excellent working conditions and a range of benefits including training opportunities, a company pension scheme, lunch vouchers, enhanced maternity package, life assurance, well-being support and activities, a very generous holiday entitlement including your birthday off and on-going career development. 
 Relocation package available! 
 There is also a range of other benefits including retail discounts and special offers, car leasing without a credit check, holiday financing and much more. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  Â£32k - 38k per year + welcome bonus and benefits 
 
 
 Location:  Potters Bar 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Sterling Cross Trading LLP 
 
 
 Contact:  Jasmine Townsend 
 
 
 Tel:  01304 200 314 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  AA/EN/23/11/20.3 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-27 11:14:41 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Sterling Cross Trading LLP  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Sterling Cross Trading LLP 
 
 Superintendent Pharmacist 
 Staff Nurse (RN Adult) 
 Care Assistant 
 Registered Nurse (RGN/RMN/RNLD) 
 Staff Nurse (RN Adult) 
 Staff Nurse (RN Adult) 
 Clinical / Counselling Psychologist 
 Pharmacist Manager 
 Pharmacist Manager 
 Pharmacist Manager 
 Pharmacist Manager 
 Relief Pharmacist 
 Pharmacist Manager 
 Pharmacist  
 Pharmacist  
 Pharmacist 
 Covid-19 Vaccinator 
 Theatre Nurse/ODP  
 Staff Nurse or Senior Staff Nurse RGN  
 Clinical Team Lead (RMN/RNLD) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
