
 
 Home 
 Firm Overview 
 Attorney 
 Practice Areas 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 Search __ 
 
 Search for: 
 Search for: 
 
 Home 
 Firm Overview 
 Attorney 
 Practice Areas 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 X Close 
 
 Contact 
 Over Three Decades of Experience Helping Injured Workers In Illinois 
 For a free and confidential consultation, call 
 309-637-4052 
 Get Help With Reporting Your On-The-Job Injury 
 By statute, a worker hurt in the scope of employment has 45 days from the date of the accident to report an injury. A report of injury may be given orally, but reporting your injury in writing is the better practice. Always keep a copy of the written report once it is completed. 
 Prior to completing a written report, or anytime in the workers' compensation process, it is a good idea to obtain the counsel of a lawyer - especially if the injury is a result of repetitive trauma. At the law office of John Lesaganich, P.C. in Peoria, you will find answers to your questions, legal guidance and aggressive advocacy on your behalf. 
 The 45-day rule applies to injuries sustained in an accident and to repetitive trauma injuries. In cases of repetitive trauma injuries, a worker has 45 days from appearance of the injury. For accident-related injuries, the 45-day window begins the day of the accident. Should a worker experience layoff or discharge from duty, he or she remains eligible to report the injury as long as the 45-day rule is observed. 
 For more than 30 years,  John Lesaganich  has successfully provided knowledgeable representation for workers suffering from job-related injuries such as: 
 
 Neck, Back and knee injuries 
 Vision Loss and hearing loss 
 Carpal and cubital tunnel syndrome 
 
 He understands the roadblocks and intimidation tactics employers and workers' compensation insurers use, and he works to effectively overcome any challenge they may extend. He is committed to working on behalf of injured victims and their families, obtaining the financial assistance they require for medical care and treatment. 
 We offer free, confidential consultations. Call us at  309-637-4052  or  contact us online  to find out more. 
 Contact Us 
 Contact our office  at  309-637-4052  to talk with attorney John Lesaganich about reporting your workers' comp injury. At our office,  initial consultations are always free and confidential . We are located on Main Street in downtown Peoria, across from the courthouse. 
 More Reading on This Topic 
 
 Workers' Compensation Benefits 
 Denied Workers' Comp Claims 
 Third-Party Claims 
 Reporting an On-the-Job Injury 
 Reasonable and Necessary Medical Care 
 
 Select a Destination 
 
 Workers’ Compensation » 
 Types of Injuries » 
 Temporary Total Disability » 
 FAQs About Workers’ Comp » 
 
 Request a free consultation. 
 Request Free Consultation 
 Follow us 
 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 
 Visit our office / get driving directions to our location. 
 416 Main Street Suite 823 
Peoria, IL 61602 
 Toll Free:  877-232-7197 
Phone:  309-637-4052 
Fax: 309-637-4430 
 Peoria Law Office Map 
 (C) 2021  John Lesaganich, P.C., Attorney at Law . All Rights Reserved. 
 Disclaimer  |  Site Map  |  Privacy Policy  |  Business Development Solutions  by  FindLaw , part of Thomson Reuters 
