
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 CMD is looking for a Freelance Sr. Full Stack Web Developer || PHP in Portland, OR, USA. 
 About 
 WHO DO WE NEED 
For us, the highest praise is when our clients say that working with us is the best part of their day. CMD’s Digital Development group is looking for exceptional communicator who loves working in a collaborative environment. A person who is an expert with PHP and enjoys architecting creative solutions to support our client’s ongoing and net-new development efforts. This is a remote contract role, and your team will be based in beautiful Portland, Oregon. 
 This is a 12 to 17-week engagement collaborating with teammates 40 hours per week with a possibility of extending into a multi-year opportunity. Standard team hours are 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM Pacific (GMT-8). 
 THINGS YOU WILL DO 
You will be a critical part of the CMD Digital Engineering Group supporting various efforts for CMD’s client which is one of the largest Door and Window manufacturers in the market. While this is an engineering role, collaboration is key and the ability / desire to participate in ceremonies as an integrated team member such as sprint planning sessions, daily stand-ups, code review sessions, and retrospectives is a must. 
-Assist in requirements gathering, architecture and design 
-Support multiple concurrent streams of work 
-Communicate and thrive under pressure 
-Be a strategic thinker and team member 
-Learn and develop on new, proprietary systems using PHP 
 THINGS YOU HAVE 
-1-2 years Laravel & Eloquent ORM Experience 
-2-3 years - Expertise in PHP 7.2+ 
-Experience with Git Workflow and Agile/Scrum 
-Comfortable with agency project speed and workflows 
 Please check out our full job posting and apply through our website at: https://www.cmdagency.com/careers/ 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7743-cmd-sr-full-stack-web-developer-php  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Skills 
 Back-End Development, Front-End Development, PHP 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Sarah Mirkle 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
