Skip to content 
   
 Career on Purpose 
 Give yourself permission to do the work that makes you come alive 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Category: career transition 
 Career Transition at 40+ 
 
 If you find yourself out of work after a long stint on the job and now having to job search, you will quickly find out that the job search market has changed tremendously. Gone are the days that you sit in front of the computer to submit applications waiting and hoping for a call for …  Continue reading Career Transition at 40+ -> 
 lynngeorgespeaks   career transition   Leave a comment   August 31, 2020August 31, 2020  5 Minutes 
 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid 
 Changing careers is no easy task. It’s internal work as well as external work. Mistakes in life are inevitable. It's how we learn. You will make a few mistakes deciding whether you should stay put or change careers. However, why not learn from others who have made the process harder than it could've been? Avoid …  Continue reading 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid -> 
 lynngeorgespeaks   career transition   Leave a comment   June 19, 2019June 19, 2019  8 Minutes 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Unlocking Your Potential 
 
   lynngeorgespeaks 
 
 Career Transition at 40+ 
 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid 
 Stretching 
 Career Alignment 
 Discover the Path To Your Purpose 
 Purposeful Living 
 Dare Yourself to Success 
 Overcoming Fear to Walk in Your Power 
 How do you show up? 
 The dream is free! 
 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
