Skip to content 
 The Supply Chainer Report® 
 The less boring part of Logistics 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 Blog 
 
 5 reasons why Artificial Intelligence won't take your Job 
 Posted by The Supply Chainer Report® February 3, 2019February 4, 2019 Posted in AI ,  Supply Chain Tags: Artificial Intelligence ,  Automation ,  Machines 
 Admit it! Everyone is talking about it and there are no doubts that  AI is here to stay . So, what is gonna happen? First of all, calm down. AI is a great software achievement and at the same time, a massive opportunity. 
 Initially, let's put aside all type of fantasies and science fiction. Overall, Artificial Intelligence is just code developed by people, yes humanoids! There are many cases where AI is making our lives much easier;  self-driving cars, speech recognition, expert aviation systems,  advanced healthcare decisions  and so much more. 
 Apart from this, let's focus on workforce. How will  AI impact  in future Supply Chain jobs? The following is a compilation of facts on why AI will not take your job … 
 ▪ Time-saving does not mean work-saving 
 AI and Automation can  amazingly optimize  traditional Supply Chains. On the contrary, this does not mean less work. After all doing something faster it doesn't implies to not have to do it, you're just going to be  time-efficient. 
 Additionally, an important part of Supply Chain workload is taken from 'edge' situations. Unexpected cases and scenarios which are hard to computarize and predict; even though if they were implemented, an expert decision-maker would be always needed. 
 ▪ Supply Chain is not a standard business 
 Supply Chain is not a line of business. It's a department or a dedicated section inside of an specific business. Compared with  Aviation, Hi-tech  and some others industries,  Supply Chain standards are very poor . For instance, the way you measure Stockouts or Customer Service Level probably is not the same than your competitors, right? 
This is a critical complexity. Supply Chains are well known for having thousand of different  IT solutions  in the market, but just a few of them (  SAP, Oracle  ) use standard variables. Consequences? Harder implementations and almost impossible standarizations. 
 ▪ Automation increase quality of time at work 
 Automation makes your life easier and it has a  positive impact on jobs  - who enjoys working on repititive and boring tasks? The average job tenure today is actually similar to how it was in 50s and 60s. Think about it. Evolution from Ford's Mass production to the current Robo-assembly lines has incredibly maximize productivity! Nevertheless, thousands of workers and engineers are still needed. 
 2019 BMW 5 Series Production at BMW Plant Dingolfing 
 ▪ Machine control is only the tip of the icerberg 
 To put it more simply, “garbage in, garbage out”. High-quality data is mission-critical. Give the wrong information to algorithms comes up with useless outcomes. Clearly Supply Chains have still a lot of work to do with data quality. The majority of the time is spent in 'cleansing' operations and consolidating data to feed a predictive system. 
 - check out this post to understand the  importance of cleansing in Forecasting 
 Let's take the model of stock markets; if algorithms where intelligent enough to predict the next momentum, for sure their owners will be rich. 
However, the reality is quite different. Stock algorithms are owned by giant corporations (which are the only capable to afford the costs of maintaince), they are helpful to avoid losses and make pushes against the market by generating thousands of orders per second.  But still algorithms can not predict next economic crisis. 
Many of the information the use needs to be 'filtered' and cleansed by humans … don't forget that in the end, the next big market decision is going to be taken by  humanoids boards and CEOs. 
 ▪ AI do not understand humans 
 Machines will  never be able to fully understand us . And yes, you perfectly know the reason. Paradoxically, computers do not have feelings, however somehow they try to process them.  AI will never logically accept why we trust one person more than other  , because based in facts and data analysis we should not trust any other human. 
 
 "based in facts and data analysis we should not trust any other human …" 
 
 Just be sure that your  AI is not in charge of your next Supplier selection  or your next right-hand man. For sure, it will give you the most accurate ranking sort by hundreds of criterias, but the  final decision should be yours. 
 Last but not least, I recommend you to have a look to the interesting  Sascha Eder's article  about  How Can We Eliminate Bias In Our Algorithms? 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by The Supply Chainer Report® February 3, 2019February 4, 2019 Posted in AI ,  Supply Chain Tags: Artificial Intelligence ,  Automation ,  Machines 
 Published by The Supply Chainer Report® 
 Felipe is the author of The Supply Chainer Report® He is a positive thinker with 10+ years of involvement in Supply Chain Management roles. His primary commitment is permanently delivering Excellence. He is well experienced on automating complex Supply Chain processes.   View more posts  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
The Dark Side of the Forecast: How to Conquer it 
 Next Post Next post: 
SC Certifications. A good idea to help you out filling the gaps 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 OverStocksis. A Dangerous Infectious Disease  November 13, 2019 
 SC Certifications. A good idea to help you out filling the gaps  July 8, 2019 
 5 reasons why Artificial Intelligence won't take your Job  February 3, 2019 
 The Dark Side of the Forecast: How to Conquer it  January 4, 2019 
 5 Mind blowing books you might give to yourself this Christmas  December 17, 2018 
 Top considerations for your Future SC Software Selection  November 23, 2018 
 How to start investing on Biopharma stocks | Quick Guide  November 16, 2018 
 2018 CPhI worldwide at Madrid  October 12, 2018 
 What Can A Newborn Teach You About Supply Chain?  August 27, 2018 
 Why is Supply Chain the Rockstar of Consumer Pharma?  July 24, 2018 
 What role will Analytics and Artificial Intelligence play  June 15, 2018 
 Tearing Up the Rulebook: How Millennials are Changing Concepts of Forecasting  November 16, 2017 
 La Matriz Portfolio de Proyectos  September 22, 2017 
 Big Data and 21st century Supply Chains  May 15, 2015 
 
 Goodreads 
 The Supply Chainer Report® ,   Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
