
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Clinical Biostatistician 
 Natera 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Clinical Biostatistician 
 Natera 
 [](mailto:?subject=Clinical%20Biostatistician&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14303058/clinical-biostatistician/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 12, 2021 
 Location: 
 Nationwide, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 DOE 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Preferred Education: 
 4 Year Degree 
 JOB TITLE:   Clinical Biostatistician 
 JOB LOCATION: REMOTE, USA 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 The  Clinical Biostatistician  participates in analysis of clinical and genetic data while working closely with biologists and other cross functional teams. Designs and implements experiments and statistical analyses of varying complexity in the context of research, clinical trials, scientific publications and product development. 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Prepare and execute statistical analysis plans with supervision from senior team members. Produce high quality written documentation of analysis plans and results. Use statistical and clinical understanding to propose and perform analyses consistent with project objectives. 
 Perform sample size and power calculations for statistical analyses of varying complexity. 
 Explain statistical concepts and results to project team members and other internal stakeholders. 
 When challenges arise, communicate concerns and present potential solutions to the project team. 
 Write statistical sections of study plans, reports, manuscripts and other documents as needed by the project team. 
 Performs other duties as assigned. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: 
 
 Working knowledge of advanced statistical methods including the ability to produce novel methods based on first principles understanding. 
 Ability and desire to communicate in cross functional teams with members from varying background. 
 Ability to produce high quality written documentation for varying audiences. 
 
 PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT: 
 
 Duties are typically performed in an office setting. This position requires the ability to use a computer keyboard, communicate over the telephone and read printed material. 
 
 Travel required for this position: 
 No  X  or Yes __ : If yes state anticipated percent for travel: N/A 
 OUR OPPORTUNITY 
 Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications. 
 The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management. 
 WHAT WE OFFER 
 Competitive Benefits - Employee benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability plans for eligible employees and their dependents. Additionally, Natera employees and their immediate families receive free testing in addition to fertility care benefits. Other benefits include pregnancy and baby bonding leave, 401k benefits, commuter benefits and much more. We also offer a generous employee referral program! 
 For more information, visit  www.natera.com . 
 Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide. 
 All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in statistics, biostatistics, or equivalent with 2-5 years of industry experience or Master's degree in statistics, biostatistics, or equivalent with 0-2 years of industry experience. 
 At least 2 years practical experience with data analysis software such as Matlab, Python or R (R is preferred). 
 
 
 Internal Number: 5282 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Natera 
 Natera® is a worldwide genetic testing and diagnostics company that’s changing how doctors and patients manage genetic disease. Our team includes clinicians, scientists, biostatisticians, researchers, and talented laboratory professionals from around the globe. Natera® develops and commercializes non-invasive methods for analyzing DNA. We operate a CAP-accredited laboratory certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) in San Carlos, California and Austin, Texas, and offer a host of proprietary genetic testing services. Mission: CONCEIVE innovative breakthroughs in science and technology DELIVER actionable information to improve reproductive health, cancer, and organ transplant care Help patients THRIVE by getting earlier, more accurate health information, and better quality of life 
 Connections working at Natera 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Clinical Biostatistician 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 
 
 Natera 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 Senior Biostatistician 
 __  Remote, 
 
 
 Natera 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 R&D; Statistician 
 __  Remote, 
 
 
 Natera 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
