Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Workforce Deployment Specialist 
 Aecon Group 
 __Kincardine, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Workforce Deployment Specialist reports to the Onboarding Manager. The Workforce Deployment Specialist will work with the onboarding team to deliver a positive and effective onboarding experience for the workforce and is responsible to assist with nuclear in-processing and nuclear plant access and offboarding. 
 Key Responsibilities 
Liaise with the hiring managers to validate DFL and MFL data from Project controls to establish and plan resource requirements for trades, subcontractor and professional job roles and coordinate with union dispatchers to satisfy manpower requests. 
Manage the Bruce Power Nuclear Security Clearance process for each new hire to the project 
Maintain an accurate project employee list to monitor Bruce Power Security Clearance status and proactively facilitate the renewal process. 
Coordinate with the Onboarding Coordinator to ensure the required logistics are in place for all onboarding and training events. 
Participate in orientation day to conduct site security ID badge briefing 
Manage site security badge process 
Facilitate new employee RAD Data process with Bruce Power 
Facilitate the offboarding process 
 OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Assists with nuclear on-boarding training coordination and qualification maintenance for new and existing project employees and as delegated by Onboarding Manager 
Required Knowledge & Skills 
Excellent interpersonal, communication (both oral and written) skills 
Strong Interpersonal skills in communicating with a large team 
Organizational and time management skills. Ability to prioritize and multi-task / service oriented 
Thrive on a fast paced-environment 
Training coordination experience an asset 
Nuclear Experience an asset 
 OTHER QUALIFICATIONS 
Due to the nature of work conducted by Aecon, mandated nuclear export controls requirements must be met for employment 
Our background check process includes a full security check and clearance process as well as reference checks. The security clearance process includes a comprehensive list of previous residences, employment, education and other pertinent information. Those with a valid Bruce Power security clearance are strongly preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
