Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Member Services Representative 
 Meridian Credit Union 
 __Port Elgin, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Purpose of the Job: 
Provide a range of services to Members including responding to Members’ enquiries, analyzing needs and assisting Members to utilize the product or service which best meets those needs. Cross sell products; identify potential referrals to the lending and investment area; process Member transactions; process Member requests for account updates; resolve problems with Member accounts. Promote and demonstrate the Meridian Credit Union values in day-to-day dealings with Members and co-workers and within the community. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Be an effective team player working co-operatively with your peers within the branch and across Meridian including corporate office and other delivery partners. 
Develop goals with Manager that are clearly defined, measurable and achievable, and align them to business unit and strategic priorities for Meridian 
Actively participate and support the team in the planning process, assisting with implementation and providing feedback. 
Strive to increase Member satisfaction through providing accurate, timely, welcoming and professional front line service. 
Provide a superior Member experience through the identification and promotion of products and services. Where appropriate provide qualified referrals based on the needs identified through proactive probing. 
Post all transactions accurately, balance consistently and ensure proper due diligence when a discrepancy occurs. Take responsibility to ensure accuracy and completeness of all work. 
Maintain discretion and confidentiality to respect Members privacy. 
Identify and fulfill Member financial service requests and identify cross-sell opportunities. 
Promote Meridian Credit Union in your community by participating in and being involved in community activities or events while demonstrating the Company values. 
 Knowledge, Experience and Skills: 
Sales oriented with previous experience in a front line sales role or service related industry. 
High School diploma or relevant working experience 
Flexible to work evenings and weekends, working knowledge of computer systems. 
Ability to make decisions, act decisively and provide friendly and personable service. 
 Experience the Difference! 
 Thank you for your interest in Meridian Credit Union. Please note that due to the volume of applications, only those under consideration will be contacted for an interview. 
 Meridian is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities. Should you require an accommodation, we will partner with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
