Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Parks Employee 
 Municipality of North Cowichan 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The Municipality of North Cowichan (population 30,000) is located in the beautiful Cowichan Valley on Southern Vancouver Island, between Nanaimo and Victoria. Our communities of Chemainus, Crofton, Maple Bay, and the South End including University Village, are home to a multitude of artistic, cultural and outdoor recreational activities. The Municipality provides a stable and varied work environment, competitive pay and benefits. 
 We are looking for a skilled Parks Employee to maintain parks, sports fields, outdoor recreation facilities, and associated buildings/structures on a part time basis. The successful candidate will operate and maintain grounds equipment, related tractors/implements, sanders and plows. Our ideal candidate will be well-versed in turf management and maintenance procedures. Deployment to other duties may be required from time to time. 
 Hours of work will include shift and weekend work. 
 Required Skills, Qualifications and Abilities: 
Completion of Grade 12. 
Completion of a recognized turf management program. 
Certification as an Irrigation Technician would be considered an asset. 
One year's directly related experience in sports field and/or golf course turf grass maintenance or equivalent combination of education, training, experience and demonstrable abilities. 
Demonstrable ability to diagnose and undertake repairs to irrigation systems, playground equipment and parks maintenance machinery. 
Strong ability to identify and perform self-directed construction/repairs to facilities, structures, parks equipment, and trails including plumbing, carpentry, fencing, concrete work, painting, drywall, sharpening tools and operate associated power tools 
Relevant skills and experience in records management. 
Ability to organize, coordinate and maintain cemetery plots. 
Possession (or acquisition within 90 days) and maintenance of a valid Class 3 B.C. Driver's License with air brakes endorsement; a satisfactory current driver's abstract will be required. 
The position may be physically demanding; candidate must be able to successfully perform all duties associated with the position. 
 This is a unionized position (CUPE Local 358) and the collective agreement may be viewed on our website. 
 Candidates being considered will be required to undergo a comprehensive evaluation of skills, qualifications, and abilities. The successful candidate will be required to undergo a criminal record check. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
