Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Freelance Bilingual Interpreter 
 CanTalk Canada 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This is an entry-level position, which requires excellent comprehension and speaking skills in English & other languages (s). Preferred but not compulsory, 2-4 years of experience. 
 The Telephone Interpreter is responsible for handling calls on demand, understand and render the meaning of conversations between speakers of other languages and English. The Interpreter needs to be able to process information quickly and concisely, recognizes sensitive cultural differences, and is professional and courteous at all times. The calls may involve simple or complex, non-technical, or technical subjects in the following fields: Healthcare, Government, Insurance, Law Enforcement, General Business, and more. 
 We are seeking interpreters/speakers who speak English and any of the following languages: 
Nuer. 
Karen. 
Polish. 
Fulani. 
Finnish. 
Swedish. 
Hmong. 
Kazakh. 
French- Farsi. 
French- Punjabi. 
Tagalog. 
Russian. 
Italian. 
Vietnamese. 
Korean. 
 Responsibilities and Duties:   Location of work: 
Work away from the office. 
Telephone Interpreter works from his/her home, own office, or more. 
It is essential to ensure a quiet & secure environment. 
Note pads and writing utensils, glossaries, and dictionaries are useful tools. 
 Major Responsibilities and Principal Accountabilities: 
Renders correct concepts and meanings between other languages (s) and English following complexity, clarity, and style from one language into another, upholding the correct rules for grammar and syntax in both languages. 
Good customer service, communication skills, clear enunciation, pronunciation, pleasant and professional voice as well as polite forms of expressions. 
Understands protocol and terminology in the following industry such as Medical, Insurance, Finance, and Law. 
Is able to remain calm during stress-related calls and remain consistently professional when interpreting client calls, which includes 911 emergency calls. 
Required Experience, Skills, and Qualifications. 
 Qualifications: 
Native Fluency in other languages and English. 
Advanced skills in the cultural dynamics (cultural implication and idiomatic expression) of both other languages (s) and English. 
Excellent listening, retention, and note-taking skills to maintain a high level of accuracy. 
Knowledge of industry-specific terminology; on-going study of glossaries and training materials including scripts provided by our clients. 
Ability to concentrate, stay detached from the conversation, and remain neutral and objective at all times. 
Ability to follow the client's instructions closely. 
Education in languages/interpretation or related fields preferred, but not required. 
 CanTalk offers: 
Competitive rates. 
Huge flexibility with no schedule requirement. 
Ongoing training and competency opportunities. 
Being part of the elite interpreter database from a Canadian company. 
Opportunity to assist newcomers and non-English speakers communicate in their native languages, in a variety of fields. 
Opportunity to break language barriers in a diverse community and help your own fellow countrymen communicate with English speaking businesses. 
Opportunity to participate and experience telephone interpretation. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
