Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 jQuery 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (549) 
 IT & Programming  (205) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (73) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (137) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (45) 
 Sales & Marketing  (44) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (24) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (549) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (170) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (145) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (66) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Not Sure  (105) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (549) 
 Featured  (31) 
 Full Time  (5) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 JQuery Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 6 of 6 results ) 
 JQuery 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Software Development engineer 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Application Interface Design  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  6 Proposals 
 - Primary roles are Backend Developer and module owner, AI & ML Engineer for Web Applications. - Meet regularly with business stakeholders and management to understand and refine business and functional requirements... 
 - Primary roles are Backend Developer and module owner, AI & ML Engineer for Web Applications. - Meet regularly with business stakeholders and management to understand and refine business and functional requirements and determine project scopes and specifications. - Develop and maintain strategic operational systems, tools, and processes, including participation in tactical and strategic development projects. - Work quickly and carefully to complete small edits requested by customers, develop plans for completing larger projects, collaborate with colleagues, and suggest new solutions to improve existing websites. - Perform coding, creating reusable objects and templates, wireframes for web pages and email templates; manage maintenance, updates, expansions, and scaling of each design. - Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, art, or similar discipline. - 5 years of Interactive Web Development experience across multiple products. - years working experience of web applications, programming languages, and web services with Java, JSP, J2EE, SQL, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, Spring-Boot, Spring MVC, Postgres, PL-SQL, Jquery, React JS, Web Service - Rest, Agile environment, - Additional working experience of Data Structures, Algorithms, AI, Machine Learning is Plus. - Knowledge of Python, Ruby, Scala Programming is a plus. - Excellent communication and presentation skills. - Working experience in Windows and Linux environments - Experience implementing and using modern web development workflows and operations using a variety of tools including GitHub. 
 Skills:  Hibernate ,  JavaScript ,  jQuery ,  SQL 
 Client:  lookingforfreelancers 
 Installation open source software job boarding in to Server  
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Website Programming  Posted: 10th Jan 2021 Ends: 24th Feb 2021  7 Proposals 
 Hello, I got an open source PHP Job portal software and i m planning to integrate it with my website. Also need some customization. 
 Hello, I got an open source PHP Job portal software and i m planning to integrate it with my website. Also need some customization. 
 Skills:  HTML5 ,  JavaScript ,  jQuery ,  MySQL ,  PHP 
 Client:  rahul2020 
 Shopify website Slider issue  
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Ecommerce  Posted: 08th Jan 2021 Ends: 22nd Feb 2021  14 Proposals 
 Shopify website has banner slider and product slider that is not working in iphone mobile browser and it works in android mobile browser 
 Shopify website has banner slider and product slider that is not working in iphone mobile browser and it works in android mobile browser 
 Skills:  Ecommerce ,  Ext JS ,  jQuery ,  JSP ,  Prototype JavaScript Framework 
 Client:  deepu07 
 Custom Payment gateway integration to PHP website 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Application Interface Design  Posted: 24th Dec 2020 Ends: 07th Feb 2021  24 Proposals 
 I am looking for someone who can integrate custom payment gateway in php. Please bid ONLY if you have experience in integrating payment gateway such as Razorpay Also please let me know your fixed quote for this work. ... 
 I am looking for someone who can integrate custom payment gateway in php. Please bid ONLY if you have experience in integrating payment gateway such as Razorpay Also please let me know your fixed quote for this work. 
 Skills:  API ,  JavaScript ,  jQuery ,  MySQL ,  PHP 
 Client:  asifakram33 
 Shipping web application development - SpringBoot, Java, Bootstrap HTML/CSS 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Website Programming  Posted: 13th Dec 2020 Ends: 27th Jan 2021  14 Proposals 
 Hi, I need to develop a simple Java SpringBoot based web application that can have the below features:- 1. Admin dashboard: use to create shipment packages and enter package details. Once the package is created, a ... 
 Hi, I need to develop a simple Java SpringBoot based web application that can have the below features:- 1. Admin dashboard: use to create shipment packages and enter package details. Once the package is created, a unique 6 digits package ID should be generated. In this admin dashboard, there should also be an option to add scans for the package by selecting the package ID. 2. Homescreen/welcome page: here we can see the company details, a login for the admin dashboard, an option to track the package by entering the package id. The welcome page should look professional. I have the icon that will be used and would be similar to bluedart.in but fewer details and links. I already have started the application dev and have created a skeleton using maven. I need someone to complete the application. I was someone who has good UI design knowledge too. The budget is fixed at 5k. 
 Skills:  Database ,  J2EE ,  Java ,  JavaScript ,  jQuery 
 Client:  sourabh2812  ,  India 
 UI/UX Developer and Designer 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Website Design  Posted: 03rd Dec 2020 Ends: 14 hours   40 Proposals 
 Logo Design Responsive HTML Slicing 
 Logo Design Responsive HTML Slicing 
 Skills:  jQuery ,  HTML5 ,  HTML ,  CSS 
 Client:  misarji  ,  India 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
