Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant, Interprofessional Practice and Education Program - Full Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
We are looking for a highly motivated, organized individual to provide administrative support to the Interprofessional Practice and Education Program. You have demonstrated initiative in your past positions with proven interpersonal and collaborative skills and are able to work effectively both independently and as a team member. Experience working in a fast-paced environment with demands on flexibility, initiative and professionalism will be essential. 
 Responsibilities will include: 
 Coordinating and supporting multiple meetings:  Preparing meeting materials (drafting agendas, preparing meeting packages, recording and writing minutes) while coordinating all logistics 
Drafting and composing various correspondence, reports, presentations and proposals on behalf of the Progrogram as required 
Support payroll and scheduling activities for the program 
Support large scale projects including development of project charter templates, and data analysis graphs 
Providing support to any program/corporate events (i.e. meeting rooms, liaison with speakers, catering) 
Managing the schedule of the Program leaders including foreseeing conflicts, conference application/registration, and preparing expenditure reports 
Maintaining a database of all regulated health professional’s registration status with their applicable regulatory college 
Maintaining Distribution Lists 
Maintaining system policy manuals including tracking approvals and distribution; key system user of program specific software 
Providing support to virtual meetings 
General secretarial duties including data entry, photocopying, filing and processing of incoming and outgoing mail; managing office supplies 
Processing, managing and follow-up of Plexxus requisitions including cheque requisitions, purchasing requisitions and employee reimbursements 
Providing other support as required 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate will need to be available to work Monday - Friday, 7.5h Day shift. Please note schedules may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 Pay Band R:  $27.33 - $32.64 per hour. 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Completion of Community College Administrative (Secretarial) Diploma required 
Medical terminology certificate an asset 
Recent experience in an administrative assistant role in a healthcare environment required 
Proficient computer skills, using MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Publisher); working knowledge of Meditech 
Must demonstrate high initiative and efficiency with attention to detail 
Well developed customer service focus with the demonstrated ability to work collaboratively within the team 
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) and the ability to demonstrate good public relations with staff and external partners 
Excellent organizational, time management, office management, problem solving and interpersonal skills 
Evidence of ongoing professional development, continuing education and leadership experience 
Demonstrated excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills 
Demonstrated good attendance record with the ability to maintain this same standard 
Demonstrated commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
