
 Best jobs offer 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Opportunities
 
 Position and Requirements 
 Training Manual 
 Benefits 
 Payments 
 
 
 Move to Cancún
 
 About Cancún 
 Recommendations when moving to Cancún 
 Villa del Palmar Cancún Beach Resort & Spa 
 
 
 Blog 
 Gallery 
 Contact Us 
 Apply Now 
 
 Tips for your Cancun Job Interview by Phone 
 
 February 8, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you have found yourself here on the Club Caribe recruitment page looking for a Cancun job, and are interested in taking up sales or promotional work, then you should consider applying to be a promoter for Villa del Palmar Cancun timeshare with Club Caribe. There are a huge number of excellent opportunities within the company where you can make good money, too! The right person can start a lifelong career in Cancun with a simply job interview by phone. Why not call today! 
 Tips for your Cancun job interview by phone 
 The first thing you should do is make sure that you have filled out all of the stipulated fields in the “Apply now” description found on the Club Caribe recruitment website. You will then be contacted, assuming your application is successful, for a phone interview. You should take the time to prepare yourself for the interview; after all, you want to have the very best chance at getting the job, right? Write a list to ensure that you are clear about your skills, qualifications and positive qualities to share with the interviewer. 
 Cancun job interviews in English 
 The Cancun job interview will be held in English, so prepare yourself if English is not your first language; you could practice with a friend, or family member, for a few minutes a day. Remember to speak slowly, consider what you are going to say, and don’t panic! It is much better to take a little more time to say something right, than to rush and become confused. 
 Do you have any relevant work experience? 
 Ensure you have a list of any relevant work experience you have completed in the past. This may include work in customer service, hospitality, and in sales. Be sure to have a couple of examples of when you provided excellent service or where you have had to use diplomacy skills. If you have no experience then provide a list of examples that illustrate your people skills, powers of persuasion, and patience. 
 Be confident in your job interview by phone 
 Be confident in yourself and your skills; if you believe that you can do the job well, it will shine through in your interview. Experience is all fine and well, but what is really needed is the correct personality and attitude. Let your personality show through for a Cancun job at Club Caribe. 
 Before applying, make sure that you know a little about the company, and about Cancun, so that you are sure this is a place you would like to live in. If your interview is successful then you will be expected to relocated to Cancun and so you may be asked about why you are attracted to life in Mexico. 
 Remember to be yourself! Let your talents and experiences speak for themselves. 
 Good luck! 
 
 Posted in:  Uncategorized 
 
 Next Post » 
 « Previous Post 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Intent on Finding a Job in Cancun? 
 What Happens After College? Getting a Job 
 Sales Opportunities in Cancun 
 Top Advice for Job Seekers 
 Tips for your Cancun Job Interview by Phone 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 March 2017 
 January 2017 
 October 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Villa del Palmar Cancun Luxury Beach Resort & Spa 
Let us wow you with inspiration! 
+52 (998) 193 2600 
 Carretera a Punta Sam Km. 5.2 Mza 9 Lote 3 SM-2, Zona Continental de Isla Mujeres.  Cancun , Q.R. , 77400,  Mexico. 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Hotels & Resorts
  Garza Blanca Puerto Vallarta  
  Garza Blanca Los Cabos  
  Hotel Mousai  
  Villa del Palmar  
  Sierra Lago  
  Sian Ka'an Village  
 Experiences
  Love Affair  
  Wellness  
  Taste Buds  
 Members Clubs
  Garza Blanca  
  Club Caribe  
 Real Estate
  Garza Blanca Real Estate  
 Adventures
  Pirate Ship Vallarta  
  Pirate Show Cancun  
 Copyright (C) 2021 -- All rights reserved
*[Q.R. ]: Quintana Roo 
