Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Office Assistant- Online Instructor 
 Cambria College 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Do you have a passion for sharing your medical knowledge, have a minimum of 3 years of practical and teaching experience in the Medical Office field as well as experience and knowledge teaching the following courses at a college or continuing education level: Electronic Medical Records, Medical Records & Billing, Medical Office & Clinical Practice. Our ideal candidate is someone who is well connected in the field, possesses the related education, practical skills, excellent communication and strong organizational skills, along with a courteous and professional demeanour. Are you detail-oriented, well organized and have a desire to learn and understand the needs of students? Do you have excellent English and communication skills? 
 Cambria College is Victoria’s fastest-growing private training career College, currently offering the Medical Office Assistant (MOA) program ONLINE! Designated with the B.C. government since 2005, Cambria College has proven to be one of the leading institutes in career training in British Columbia. We are happy to say we are looking for an experienced Medical Office Assistant Instructor to join our team. The Instructor is to lead to the academic success of students and the success of Cambria College. 
 Under general direction, the Instructor is responsible for providing quality instruction and facilitating student learning according to the curriculum. 
 Job Responsibilities: 
  Orientation of new students 
 Instruction and supervision required of curriculum 
 Administer and grade all written assignments and exams 
 Organize First aid with CPR and Workplace Hazardous Materials (WHMIS) training as required 
 Hold consultations with students who may be struggling, to enhance learning 
 Address attendance issues or other problems as they arise 
 Submit assignment and exam grades to the onsite administrator 
 Liaise with Campus Director to arrange the upcoming class 
 Assist with curriculum revisions if necessary 
 Administer reference and criminal checks as required 
 Liaise with the Campus Coordinator, regulators, and the College Director 
 Qualifications and Skills: 
  Degree or Diploma from a recognized College or University in a relevant discipline. 
 3 years of practical and teaching experience in the Medical Office field 
 Teaching experience. 
 Excellent interpersonal, communication and problem-solving skills 
 Good time management and organizational skills 
 Demonstrates the ability to use online platforms for adult learners 
 Proficient skills with online platform-tools 
 Fun, positive and progressive manner in teaching students 
 Knowledge of Google Classroom and WebEx an asset 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $25.00-$28.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Medical Office: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Victoria, BC (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
