
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 You're probably not one to take a job just to make your friends jealous, but in case you are, Kajabi is hiring a Sr. Product Designer (Webflow) in Irvine, CA, USA. 
 About 
 At Kajabi the Sr. Product Designer (Webflow) is the lead driver in the process of defining how our marketing site (Kajabi.com) looks and functions, while educating and inspiring customers about our app and brand. The Sr. Product Designer (Webflow) is skilled at each stage of the design process but always deeply focused on the needs of the customer, and communicating Kajabi’s mission. By partnering with other designers, cross-functional team members, and users, you will turn qualitative and quantitative data insights into delightful experiences that address the specific needs of our users and our business. The role will report to our Design Lead. 
 Well versed in Webflow, digital products and experiences, with a solid grasp on HTML, CSS, Flexbox, CSS Grid, Split test optimizations and some Javascript. 
A senior member of the Creative Team that works across both Brand and Growth initiatives. 
Responsible for setting the design standards and setting up strong, smart systems that Brand and Growth can continuously leverage. 
Lead the design process of your cross functional team from discovery to delivery, leveraging both analytics and users interviews to formulate strong solutions. 
Work in rapid cycles of experimentation and iteration to deliver design artifacts that can be validated and tested early and often. 
Collaborate with other designers at Kajabi to continuously improve our design process, workflow, and expectation of quality. 
Work closely with multiple stakeholders to ensure we are publishing world-class marketing pages accurately, attractively and across multiple responsive breakpoints, browsers and operating systems. 
Clearly and effectively communicate product design ideas to cross-functional team members and senior leadership. 
Contribute to the design and long term success of Kajabi's overarching brand, as well as positively impacting the product. 
 If you're interested in the role, please apply here: https://grnh.se/fcc1abbf3us 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7649-kajabi-sr-product-designer-webflow  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Webflow 
 Date Posted 
 November 4, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Diane Nguyen 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Gym 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Sweet office 
 
 Fine Print 
 Kajabi LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
