  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  England 
 Rate:  £40000.00 - £45000.00 per annum + car allowance, pension, he 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Principal Designer 
 Principal Designer 
 Location: Home based with travel to sites 1-2 times per week 
Company: National construction company 
Salary: Up to £45,000 plus car allowance & comprehensive benefits package 
 The Opportunity 
 A major player within the construction & infrastructure industry is offering an excellent opportunity for a Principal Designer to join their team. 
 The successful Principal Designer will assist with the delivery of both the statutory Principal Designer duties and where necessary, assist the client with their duties under the Construction, (Design & Management) Regulations 2015. 
 Why apply? 
 Expanding department that could present excellent career opportunities in future. 
Flexibility - home working available. 
Varied and interesting projects - you will be working on some of the regions/UK's largest construction and infrastructure projects. 
Job security - secured workload for 3-5 years on various frameworks. 
Generous salary and benefits package on offer. 
 The Key Requirements 
 
 
 Knowledge of CDM regulations and application. 
 
 
 Knowledge of contract JCT and NEC. 
 
 
 Experienced in assembly of Preconstruction Information Packs & H&S Files. 
 
 
 Experienced in providing professional Health and Safety advice to Clients and Designers. 
 
 
 Thorough understanding and competence in developing CDM processes throughout a project. 
 
 
 Construction Design or Management experience. 
 
 
 Competently access Principle Contractors and Designers. 
 
 
 Have a good knowledge and understanding of programming, including RIBA stages. 
 
 
 Project Management background (desirable) 
 
 
 Qualifications/Training 
 
 
 Chartered Construction or other related qualification. 
 
 
 NEBOSH or NVQ safety related training or qualification (Desirable). 
 
 
 Computer literate. 
 
 
 Have a basic knowledge of and be able to use Microsoft Office, Navisworks. 
 
 SMSTS & CSCS Black Card (desirable) 
 
 Ideal Locations 
 Anywhere in the UK - this is a home-based role with travel to sites 1-2 days per week. 
 You must have a full UK driving licence and be flexible to do the occasional overnight stay if required. 
 The Application Process 
 Please submit all CV Applications via this job board or send directly to j.bakewell@project-resource.co.uk and we will contact you within 3 working days if your application has been successful. 
 We also operate a reward scheme, details of which can be found here. 
 Recommend a friend or colleague or let us know about any job that you heard of to claim a £250 referral fee. 
 Services advertised by Project Resource are that of an Employment Business / Agency. 
 Project Resource are an equality and diversity recruitment agent and employer. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £40000.00 - £45000.00 per annum + car allowance, pension, he 
 
 
 Location:  England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Project Resource Limited 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 651 1666 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-25 11:39:39 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Project Resource Limited  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Project Resource Limited 
 
 Senior Planner 
 Senior Project Manager 
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Project Manager 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Site Manager  
 Quantity Surveyor 
 Senior Site Manager 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor 
 Construction Administrator 
 Senior Quantity Surveyor 
 Planner 
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Assistant Quantity Surveyor  
 Senior Quantity Surveyor  
 Quantity Surveyor  
 Construction Manager  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
