Women In 
 
   
 Skip to content 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Women In Web 
 About the Founders 
 In the News 
 Advocates 
 Contact Us 
 
 careers 
 Post navigation 
 Guest Post: How to Utilise the Law of Attraction for Career Success in 3 Simple Steps By Career Transition Coach Natalie Ekberg 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 1 
 
 Natalie Ekberg 
 The Dalai Lama once said that “in order to carry a positive action, we must develop a positive vision”. This, in a nutshell, describes how you can use the wonderful powers of the Law of Attraction for your career success. In theory, it is very simple. In practice, it requires patience, deliberation and consistency. Once it is mastered, though, you can use this skill for achieving anything else in life, so it is worth trying! 
 1.)  Create a detailed vision  of your ideal job or business and put it down in writing. This might sound like something you have heard before, but honestly, how many times did you actually do it? I can tell you from the experience of my clients that those who did this exercise properly got their “career happy ever after” moments in abundance. When doing the exercise, describe your office building, its environment, the vibe and the people, and most importantly, feel the whole atmosphere in your body. If you feel excited about your vision, bingo! That is the right working environment for you. 
 2.) If you already have a career you like, but you would like to be more successful, you need to  define what exactly that “success” means . Is it a higher position, bigger projects, more money, better boss…? Only you know what career success means to you. Again, once you have that vision, write it down and keep adding to it or changing it as you see fit. The important part is to connect emotionally with this vision on a regular basis. Read through it when you wake up in the morning or even when you are on the Tube. What you are trying to achieve is to imprint that vision on your subconscious mind so achieving it will become second nature to you. 
 3.)  Use the power of intention or, in other words, ask for it!  This simple tool can give you a huge advantage over your competitors for a promotion or during a job interview. Intend and state how the situation that is important to you will go. You have to be firm and own the process one hundred per cent. You are not asking questions here; you are making decisions. Do you feel the difference in the statement you have made? If you create your intention, stand behind it fully, and go into the situation with that power in your presence, you will get the result you have intended. I have to reiterate: your intent must be strong and you must believe in it; only then can the energy of that intent be transferred. 
 Most importantly, even though the universal laws are always working on your behalf, they can’t do your part for you. Therefore, whether it is an ideal job, success in your career or a fun working environment you want, you still have to go and put your best effort forward to achieve your goals. When you work in tandem with the Universe, miracles happen! 
 For more info on Natalie Ekberg and her services see  www.LBCareercoaching.com 
 Follow Natalie on twitter @LBCoachNatalie 
 Posted in  Guest Post 
 Tagged  careers ,  Guest Post ,  Natalie Ekberg 
 Jun*05 
 Don't miss the Careercake live event on June 14th! 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 1 
 
 Aimee Bateman 
 Need to polish up your CV or want tips on how to perform brilliantly in an interview? Don't miss the first  Careercake  live event taking place on June 14th! 
 This half day career workshop will take place at the University of South Wales Atrium Building in Cardiff, and you'll get the chance to hear and learn from Careercake's founder, Aimee Bateman. The event will cover the topics of CV and cover letter success, using social media to job hunt and build relationships, and an interview masterclass. 
 Tickets cost £50 but you can score a discounted ticket using the code 'CCTVlive14' at checkout. For more information on the event and to book your place  click here. 
 Also make sure you read our  exclusive Q&A  with Aimee! 
 Posted in  Event 
 Tagged  advice ,  Aimee Bateman ,  Careercake ,  careers ,  event 
 May*28 
 Women In Business: Aimee Bateman, Careercake.com 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 2 
 
 Aimee Bateman, Careercake.com 
 Over the last decade, Aimee Bateman has held senior positions with some of the largest recruitment companies, helped thousands of people achieve their career goals and sourced talent for global corporations as well as smaller entrepreneurial businesses. In 2011, Aimee created Careercake.com. 
 Along with winning the 2013 Institute of Directors (IoD) Talent and Innovation Award in Wales, she was recently awarded the Canmol (Chartered Institute of Marketing) Marketer of the Year Award. She has also been voted one of 2013′s Rising Stars by Business Insider Magazine. Aimee was also a finalist for the prestigious Shell Live Wire Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2007 at the age of 26, became a Welsh Government ambassador for the ‘Dynamo’ programme. 
 Aimee is also the featured careers mentor on various shows for BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Learning and BBC Three, I have written careers articles for The Guardian, TotalJobs.com, The Undercover Recruiter and more. My advice has been featured in The Independent, Glamour Magazine, The Huffington Post and Jobs & Careers Magazine. Aimee delivers workshops and and key note speeches throughout the UK, is an ambassador for National Careers Week and the official careers coach for the AAT. 
 Tell us about your journey to where you are today. 
 I’ve worked as a commercial recruiter for over ten years, but as a recruiter, my purpose is to find talent for companies rather than jobs for people. Working with individuals to sell themselves proved more rewarding to me, so I left my job, bought a £25 video camera from Ebay and started making career advice videos from my living room. 
 That was 3 years ago and I now have videos on a number of Youtube channels totally 1.7million views. I have written for Glamour, Stylist Magazine, The Guardian and Jobs and Careers magazine amongst others. I’ve also fronted a number of careers shows for the BBC and work with more than 15 Universities to prepare their graduates for the job market. 
 How has your life experience made you the individual you are today? 
 We all have our journey to go on. Not everyone will understand it, but they don’t need to. It’s not their journey. We just have to remember we live the life we make, not the life we are given. We decide. 
 Why did you want to help others find their dream job? 
 I didn’t have a huge amount of confidence growing up and it wasn’t until I joined my first company that I realised how good I could be. I saw the value I added through my work and it gave my self-esteem a huge boost. 
 If we are happy in our work, we are happy in life. We become better friends, mothers, dads, brothers, sisters, husbands and wives. I’m not a life coach, but I believe by helping people achieve their potential in their work, I can help their overall life. To be part of that is so exciting. 
 What have the highlights and challenges been during your time at Careercake.com? 
 The biggest challenge was having a big voice very early on but no profile. I would make videos and write articles all day long. I would sit at my computer for 12 hours a day hustling until my eyes bled building relationships, talking to people, listening to people and responding to every email I received…even though people we not paying me for my advice. 
 It was tough, but also the most fun part of my journey so far. I had made a conscious decision not to monetise Careercake.com for the first 6 – 8 months. This allowed me to build trust, help people and build wonderful relationships. The people who I helped then helped me. They promoted my profile for me (and still do). People need to know we really care about them before we can expect them to really care about us. 
 What top tips can you offer to those looking for employment? 
 Make the employer feel special. Remember you are talking to a human not a logo, so give them a real reason to believe you want to work for them. 
 How do you maintain a work/life balance? 
 I have great systems in place, which mean my business is very lean and organised. Not like my personal life at all. I play more than I work these days and I travel a lot. I built a business model that would allow me to travel and work from anywhere. My biggest motivator is freedom, which is why my business is mostly online. 
 How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life? 
 The only way to be better is to surround yourself with people who are better than you. I do this everyday. I have 2 business mentors and my life is full of lighters (people who inspire and motivate me). We are who we hang with! 
 Which other female leaders do you admire and why? 
 Apart from my close girlfriends, I admire Marie Forleo, Danielle La Porte and Karren Brady. 
 What is one word that sums up where you have got to today? 
 Love. 
 Posted in  Women in Business 
 Tagged  Aimee Bateman ,  Careercake.com ,  careers ,  Danielle La Porte ,  Karren Brady ,  Marie Forleo ,  women in business 
 May*20 
 Advice Post: 10 Tips for a Smooth Transition from Employee to Employer, Natalie Ekberg, Live Better Coaching 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 2 
 
 Natalie Ekberg 
 Natalie Ekberg mother of two, Founder of LB (Live Better) Coaching  is an inspiring entrepreneur, author and career transition coach. Over the past 10 years Natalie has developed a diverse background in helping business professionals from various sectors internationally; make major life changes. Making five radical life transitions her self each involving a big move to a different country, requiring that she dismantle and recreate her career, lead to her becoming “An expert in navigating major life changes with ease, grace and an enlivening freedom and joy.” 
 Read her advice on 10 tips for a smooth transition from employee to employer below. 
 Many years ago, I went back to work after a year off doing voluntary work in the Philippines. I was ecstatic to have landed that particular job in corporate human resources and was excited to be getting started. 
 Except, when I stood by the window of the office on my very first day, a sudden realisation hit me. I wished with all my heart that I would be still out there, doing my own thing, being free and answerable to no one. Looking back, that was probably the moment the first seed of my entrepreneurial journey was planted, unfolding fully much, much later. 
 If you too, have moments of feeling trapped and wishing secretly to be your own boss and manage your own business, the following 10 tips will help you to get on that much more quickly than I did! 
 1.)  Make the transition in a structured way . There are too many aspects of entrepreneurship that, if you are unaware of them, may cost you time, money and many sleepless nights. If you treat this transition as any other work project (e.g. planning the necessary steps, working against deadlines and doing a thorough follow-up), you will feel in control. 
 2.)  Do your exploration, research and preparation while you are still employed.  The pressure of any start-up business can be exhausting and stressful, mostly because you probably won’t be earning what you were used to in the beginning. Do as much “preparatory” work as possible while you are enjoying the safety net of your regular income. 
 3.)  Look up as many of your competitors as possible and research their work thoroughly.  How do they advertise? Which social mediaplatforms do they use the most? What is their message? Make a note of what you liked the most and what you would do differently. Over time, you will be ale to identify and develop your unique voice, which will make you stand out. 
 4.)  Talk openly to your friends and family about your plans;  the more people know about your intentions, the more of them can be helpful. Networking and having as many contacts as possible is key when you are a “newbie”. Don’t be shy; going “public” will also help you to commit to your goals. You wouldn’t like to look foolish, would you? 
 5.)  Make a solid finance and saving plan  and work through your numbers thoroughly. This knowledge will come very handy once your salary is no longer your security blanket. Knowing how much you need to save now in order to allow time for your business to grow will help you alleviating any future stress. 
 6.)  Set up all parts of the bushiness that can be established while you are still working;  for example: your website, your social media presence, your business cards. All of these can be prepared in “beta version” and ready for launch once you have left your employment. 
 7.)  Learn as much as you can while you are still working . Many of the basic “being self-employed skills” would be new to you. How to blog? How to write a business plan? What marketing strategies are best for your particular business? You will develop these skills further as your business grows but having some basic knowledge is a necessity. 
 8.)  Be sure that you are absolutely, madly in love with your business idea . There will be times when you might feel very close to giving up your dream and continue with the working life you have known so far. In moments like that, the love and affection for your business will carry you through, if it strong and solid. 
 9.)  Follow your intuition every step of the way . The biggest challenge between being an employee and being an employer, is that you were used to following someone else’s directions and acting on their ideas. From now onwards, you are the one in the driver seat; the ideas, their execution, the follow up actions and everything in between will have to come from you. 
 10.)  Always believe that you are fully capable of achieving the success  , no matter what people you are surrounded with think. This is your game; play it to the best of your ability. 
 Have you made the journey from employee to employer? Share your experiences with us in the comments. 
 Posted in  Advice Post 
 Tagged  Advice Post ,  Career Coach ,  careers ,  Natalie Ekberg 
 Apr*10 
 Advice Post: The Right Way to find a Job Online 
 Posted by  Women In Web 
 1 
 
 Joanie Courtney, Senior Vice President Monster 
 We're excited to share our first guest post from one of our Advocates, Monster! Joanie Courtney, Senior Vice President at Monster shares her top tips on the right way to find a job online and maximise your chances of getting hired. 
 Whether you are just starting out in your career or already high on the corporate ladder, searching for that next perfect job online can feel like a daunting task. With a plethora of positions to browse through, it can be tough to know where to start, let alone where to find the best match for your talents and skills. But there are several productive strategies to cut through the clutter to find that perfect job and seal the deal. Here’s how. 
 1. Build Your Online Brand 
 Rule number one, before setting out on the online job search, make sure to spend some time establishing your personal online brand. This takes time, but I can’t emphasize how important your digital identity can be in helping you stand out and convince an employer you’re the right match. The web provides a perfect launching pad to showcase your personal expertise and establish your credibility in the field you’re most interested in. On the flipside, don’t forget to Google yourself. Social media has created a fishbowl, and more than ever, our personal and professional lives are intertwined. Employers often review a candidate’s digital footprint as part of the hiring process to ensure they are a good fit for the company. You’d be surprised at just how much is public on the web, and how a seemingly harmless joke might be misconstrued. The last thing you want is for an employer to find a risqué photo, negative tweet or off-color comment. This can often be the make or break deciding factor between landing the job and not. So before sending out resumes, do yourself a favor and be sure to remove anything online you wouldn’t be comfortable sharing with your next boss. 
 2. Give Yourself a Time Limit 
 Searching for a new job can be just as demanding as a full-time job, so you have to treat it like one. Set a routine and approach the job search with the same dedication and focus you would bring to any full-time position. If you’re currently working, it’s even more important to set a schedule to focus. With numerous jobs posted online, it takes time and plenty of research to single out the relevant posts. This can sometimes feel exhausting and can lead to oversights and errors in your application. Before you set out on any job search, it’s important to have a plan in place. Stay sharp by allotting a definitive amount of time for yourself each day to search, sort and apply. 
 3. It Pays to Pay Attention 
 When applying for a position online, your resume serves as your first impression and it’s also your opportunity to shine, not the place to cut corners. While this seems obvious, it’s not uncommon to make minor mistakes, especially as you are tailoring your resume for different positions. As a rule of thumb, review your resume and then step away for a short break. Coming back to your resume with a clear mind will help you to catch mistakes that may have otherwise gone unnoticed. Having a third party, such as a close friend or relative, review your resume can also be helpful. Spend the extra time. It will be worth it. A resume without errors, focused on your best assets shows that you care about the details, and could be the difference between getting your job materials pushed to the wayside or sent to the top of the pile. 
 4. Keywords Reign Supreme 
 The online job hunt requires sorting through a tremendous amount of data. With literally thousands of positions to sift through, it’s no wonder many people feel overwhelmed. The key is to focus in on the openings that interest you and are the best match for your skills. Cast a wide net initially, but as you look at opportunities, look at what matches up with your skill expertise, and preferences, both geographic and otherwise.  Identifying a few keywords and utilizing job search tools  will help you streamline your search process and enable you to be more efficient. These terms are buzzwords that you would find in your desired job’s description or words used to describe the day-to-day in your industry. If you’re looking for your first job, it’s okay to use more general terms and identify more specific language based on the words you see repeating in job descriptions. 
 5. Do Your Homework 
 Whether you are searching open positions on your dream employer’s website, or using job boards to find the openings, it’s important to gather all the information and have a clear understanding of the position, the company’s history, mission and culture. This knowledge will not only come in handy for your cover letter, where you can outline specifically how you can add value to the company and make a difference, but also allows you the opportunity to determine what you want from your next role and ultimately helps you to be more strategic in your online search. 
 6. Be Aggressive 
 You’ve applied…now what? The battle is half won, but you’re not finished yet. There are a lot of jobs out there, but a lot of job seekers, too. Follow up is key. It’s time to get proactive. Before you move on to your next search, think about whether you have a contact at that company and how you might get that person your resume, cover letter and a link to your job application. The more channels you have to reach the hiring manager the better, so don’t hesitate to use them. When you do reach out, remember to be professional, but not too pushy. The goal is to showcase your strong follow up skills and ability to get noticed without annoying the hiring manager. 
 7. Look On the Bright Side 
 Lastly, remember to stay positive. If you’re unemployed or feeling impatient about moving to a more fulfilling position, it’s easy to harbor doubts or negative thoughts about whether it’s ever going to happen. But the fact is, employers are looking to hire positive people who are going to make a real difference, add energy and bring value to the company. If you’re not positive, it will come through in your application, your interview and will ultimately hinder you from achieving your next big gig. 
 Joanie Courtney is Senior Vice President, Market Development, at Monster Worldwide. Courtney is responsible for advancing the company’s customer engagement strategy, utilizing Monster’s breadth of technology and advertising solutions and driving more consultative client relationships. 
 Courtney is an employment industry expert with over 20 years of experience leading sales, marketing and operations for some of the top firms in the employment industry, including executive roles with two of the largest employment firms in the world. Throughout her career she has counseled and worked wide range of companies including many of the Fortune 500. She was responsible for oversight of a world class customer service program for a multibillion dollar employment firm and also led a large business process transformation project to grow retail professional business at Adecco, NA, which is the largest employment firm in the world. 
 As an employment industry advisor, she is often called upon to discuss the job market, careers, and workplace trends and speak to the talent supply and demand cycles that impact U.S. employers. She is frequently featured as a keynote speaker at industry conferences, and her commentary on the employment market has been featured on media outlets like Fox and Fox Business Network, Associated Press, CNBC, MSNBC, CNN, ABC, PBS, The Wall Street Journal, U.S. News & World Report, and Forbes. 
 Monster Worldwide, Inc. is the global leader in successfully connecting job opportunities and people. Monster uses the world 's most advanced technology to help people Find Better, matching job seekers to opportunities via digital, social and mobile solutions including  monster.com ® and employers to the best talent using a vast array of products and services. As an Internet pioneer, more than 200 million people have registered on the Monster Worldwide network. Today, with operations in more than 40 countries, Monster provides the broadest, most sophisticated job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management capabilities globally. For more information visit  about-monster.com . 
 Posted in  Advice Post 
 Tagged  Advice Post ,  Advocate ,  careers ,  digital brand ,  employment ,  Joanie Courtney ,  Monster 
 Apr*03 
 Post navigation 
 Follow Women In Web via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 73 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Advice Post 
 Event 
 Guest Post 
 Research 
 STEM 
 Uncategorized 
 Women in Business 
 Women in Digital Media 
 Women in Fashion 
 Women in Finance 
 Women in Health 
 Women in Journalism 
 Women in Non Profit 
 Women in Technology 
 Women in the Third Sector 
 Women In Web 
 Women In Web Weekly Round-Up 
 Women in Writing 
 
 Tags 
 AAUW   Advice Post   Aimee Bateman   Antoinette van Heugten   Arianna Huffington   Armanino   BBC   BBC World News America   Broadcast Ready   career   Careercake.com   careers   Carladenise Edwards   Carole Laurin   Christina Chaplin   Chwarae Teg   coding   Dayle Haddon   Diane Smith   empowerment   equality   event   Gayle King   Gina Bianchini   Guest Post   Hillary Clinton   International Women's Day   Joanie Courtney   Joy Kent   Kate Farrar   Kerry Hopkins   Kim Love   Know Your Value   Know Your Value CT   Laura McAllister   Laura Trevelyan   Laurie Burns. Darden Restaurants   leadership   Lean In   Lisa Hughes   Louise Czekaj   Lucy Danziger   Melody Barnes   mentoring   Mightybell   Mika Brzezinski   Monster   Natalie Ekberg   non-profit   Pinterest   Professor Donna Mead   Q&A   raise   Rathna Sharad   Rebecca Morris   runway2street   Sheryl Sandberg   STEM   stroke   Susanna Puisto   Theresa Brown   Theresa Zagnoli   The Third Metric   Third Metric   Third Sector   Thrive   Tiffany Dufu   United Nations   Valerie Jarrett   Weekly Round-Up   Womenalia   women in business   Women in Journalism   Women in Non Profit   Women In Web 
 Q&A Cafe with Carol Ross Joynt 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Women In 
 
 Women In 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
