WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Junior Producer 
 Tender Claws Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 18, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 Remote 
 We’re looking for a Junior Producer to come join our team in LA. Tender Claws is looking for a driven individual to provide logistical support on multiple VR projects in development, coordinate with internal team members and external partners, and oversee community engagement. We need a strong team player with good communication skills who can work independently. We make ambitious, innovative projects quickly and are looking to work with someone who is excited to experiment and help create new things they’ve never seen before.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Managing multiple projects of varying sizes and complexity 
 Supporting the production team to maximise productivity and ensure project deadlines are met 
 Coordinating schedules, calls, and meetings 
 Liaising between team members and external partners to keep projects running smoothly 
 Monitoring progress of various project milestones and budgets 
 Providing community support and engagement 
 Keeping tabs on new opportunities and applications  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Project management experience 
 Strong organizational skills 
 Strong communication skills 
 The ability to work independently and meet deadlines 
 Flexibility in workflow  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 NICE TO HAVES: 
 
 An understanding of both technical and creative processes 
 A background in games, tech, film, or art is preferred 
 Excited to work across multiple parts of a project 
 Likes cats and or “Cats: The Musical”  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 TO APPLY  , please send an introductory email to  production@tenderclaws.com   ,  containing the following: 
 
 Subject line containing the  title of the job you are applying for  (i.e. Junior Producer) 
 Your resume, or a summary of relevant experience 
 If applicable, links to a portfolio site or other relevant showcase of your work on released projects  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 OUR LATEST RELEASE - TEMPEST: 
 ‍  For a limited theatrical run, join  Tempest : a one-of-a-kind immersive theatre experience! Travel through time and space to enact an exciting story of love & revenge - with a little magic, of course! 
 Inspired by Shakespeare’s famed tale, join your intrepid guide Prospero in this intimate, interactive performance. In order to bring Prospero to life, the actor must enlist the help of the audience. The line between real and virtual, and truth and fiction, blur as audience members are "cast" as Prospero's spirits to realize an interactive, virtual version of the story. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ABOUT US: 
 Tender Claws  is an art/games studio that makes everything from AR fish that feed on your emotions to giant sentient talking sticks of butter. Our first release  PRY  was one of Apple’s top Apps of 2015 and an IGF Finalist. Our first VR game “ Virtual Virtual Reality ” (VVR), a comedy satire where players put on VR headsets in VR, won “Best VR Experience” at the Google Play Awards 2017. Our hybrid VR and immersive theater game “ The Under Presents ” launched in 2019, was an Emmy finalist for “Innovation in Interactive Media” and won “VR Experience of the Year” at the 2020 VR Awards. Most recently, “ Tempest ,” our one-of-a-kind immersive digital theatre experience, was selected as one of LA Times “10 Best Games of 2020.” 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromWestminster, COProducerDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
