Skip to content 
 I am passionate about people, ideas and businesses. And cheese. 
 Search 
 
 webnu 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 One Idea a Day 
 
 Tag: job 
 Revenge co-working spaces (for refused job applicants) 
 
 I’m in San Francisco  this week and I've met some people here who dream of working at one of the major tech companies. It’s not easy to get a job interview, neither is it to get hired there. When I stood outside of the  Adobe  building, I started talking to a guy that was refused a job there. I told him him he rather starts up his own business or at least continues to solicit. (He was quite upset and sad about his interview). I tend to believe the best revenge a failing job applicant can make is to startup a business and prove the world leading tech companies wrong. So I want to facilitate a co-working space when you only get access to with proven failures of obtaining a tech job. A couple of mentors/coaches do an entry interview and gives each guy a three month period to find an idea, hook up with potential partners and create some material to just go for it. After which you are redirected to startuphouses. As Frank Sinatra said: "Success is the best revenge"; Revenge co-working spaces. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 a_cup_of_t 
 
 
 13 April 201414 April 2014 
 
 
 application 
 
 
 co-working 
 
 
 co-working space 
 
 
 job 
 
 
 job interview 
 
 
 jobs 
 
 
 revenge 
 
 
 san francisco 
 
 
 startup 
 
 
 startups 
 
 
 success 
 
 
 tech 
 
 
 tech companies 
 
 
 vacancies 
 
 
 vacancy 
 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Tim's instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Tim tweets 
 
 Die ochtend in Leuven.   instagram.com/p/B9gD8w0AxRU9…   10 months ago 
 
 Follow @timdeconinck 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
