Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Quality Manager 
 Tilray 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Senior Quality Manager - London, Ontario 
 High Park Company  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 _  About High Park Company _ 
 High Park Company   was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 _  About Tilray _ 
 Tilray  is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Director of Global Quality, the Sr. Quality Manager will be responsible for the Quality practices at all High Park production and manufacturing facilities. 
 Current operating locations include London and Petrolia, ON. 
 The Sr. Quality Manager will ensure that the Quality Systems of the High Park sites run seamlessly and that the Quality Assurance and Quality Control teams receive the managerial leadership and guidance while facilitating optimal operations, following corporate policies and optimizing changes systemically to all sites. Quality departments of High Park are integrated and centrally coordinated. 
 Role and Responsibilities: 
 
 Responsible for the oversight of Quality Assurance departments at all High Park locations. 
 Oversee the review and enforcement of quality programs of responsible sites. 
 Accountable for ensuring quality processes; review of specifications for production output; the documenting of evidence; the determination of operational and performance qualification and updated written quality control procedures. 
 Ensure the timely reviews of executed Batch Production Records while ensuring documentation is both complete and compliant to Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations. 
 Stay current with Regulatory changes relevant to cannabis production and products. 
 Provide Quality support to sites to complete complaint investigations, change controls, deviations and CAPAs. 
 Provide direction, guidance and education to ensure site audit/inspection readiness. 
 Provides leadership and direction of third party and external audits. 
 Responsible to employ, develop, lead and motivates an empowered team of quality professionals capable of high performance, aligned decision-making, and reliable delivery of quality product. 
 Ensures good communication with staff, establishing clear performance expectations/evaluation and providing regular feedback. 
 Manage many sites Quality teams to ensure seamless communication of issues, concerns, and proposed resolutions for implementation, as well as alignment with global and local policies and procedures 
 Develops and monitors site quality KPIs and report these periodically to senior management. 
 Ensures senior leadership is appropriately informed and aware of the effectiveness of the quality system and any significant events that may occur. 
 Other duties, as assigned 
 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline (Food, Physical, or Biological Sciences preferred) 
 Minimum 7 years of experience as a Quality Assurance Manager in a GAP, GMP and/or HACCP regulated environment required. 
 Willingness to travel to each of the High Park facilities 
 Strong leadership and communication skills 
 Direct experience participating in, managing, or conducting quality audits and inspections 
 Strong and current knowledge of Good Production Practice, Good Documentation Practice 
 Familiarity with the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations 
 Proficiency quality management systems, documentation, testing methods 
 Proficient in English (proficient or functional in French is considered an asset) 
 Experience establishing and maintaining version-controlled standards, policies, procedures and work flows 
 Proficient understanding of plant products and related test methodology is an asset 
 Chemistry and Plant Biology knowledge is an asset 
 Proven ability to effectively use Microsoft Office Applications 
 Must have the ability to obtain security clearance status under the Cannabis act and Cannabis Regulations 
 
 High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
