
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 Animal Spirit Guides 
 
 ](https://healbyanimalspirits.wordpress.com/ "Animal Spirit Guides") 
 
 Home 
 Disclaimer 
 Help Each Other 
 
 <- Get the money you want 
 Manage your Bosses and Coworkers tactfully -> 
 Yes! Your job can be fun and enriching!! 
 Mar 5 
 Posted by  NaranTeam 
 Even in the morning times when one is not motivate to do the work, HUMMING BIRD can help. 
 Interest to do your job 
 Not to lose interest in your work, DRAGON FLY will help you 
 Feeling bored 
 When you are getting bored with doing the same routine work look at the picture of DOLPHIN and immediately you will get a surge of energy. 
 If you dislike your current job, you will not find a new job 
 Many people say that “I don’t like this job”. With the result they will not give their hundred percent to their work. 
 Cursing the employer and everyday going to the work with lot of resentment, in all situation you will not get any other job till you give your hundred percent. 
 Suddenly will dislike a place and feel somebody is bossing over you and recognition is not there or proper remuneration is not there. In all such cases, PELICAN will work wonders and make that person give hundred percent in the present job. 
 If you are not getting a new job then find out how you treat the current job. 
 Work-Life balance 
 Call upon HORSE, when: 
 
 You don’t want to be a slave to somebody, for example to your boss at work 
 To have freedom from workplace – you are stuck with lots of work and not able to get out of office. And it’s already late. 
 Say, you are away on a holiday for 10 days. Nobody from office should disturb you. 
 When a task couldn’t be completed, or you need strength to complete the work 
 When we want to come out of dire straits, for example the economic downturn in US (you could project it on to US) 
 It gives you leadership qualities 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About NaranTeam 
 Naran balakumar is a herbalist practising bach flower therapy for the last 11 years. Naran is a Reiki master teacher. 
  View all posts by NaranTeam »  
 Posted on March 5, 2012, in  Animal Spirits Guides  and tagged  10 ,  Acu-Reiki ,  Animal Spirit Guides ,  “Yes Your Job can be Fun and Enriching” ,  Bach Flower Remedy ,  balance ,  be ,  Body ,  bored ,  boss ,  bossing ,  can ,  Chennai ,  Color Therapy ,  Colour Therapy ,  complete ,  completed ,  Connection ,  Crystal ,  current ,  Cursing ,  days ,  dire straits ,  dislike ,  disturb ,  DOLPHIN ,  downturn ,  DRAGON FLY ,  EFT ,  employer ,  energy ,  Enriching ,  everyday ,  example ,  f economic ,  feeling ,  Find ,  Freedom ,  Fun ,  Gem Remedy ,  give ,  gives ,  Healing CD ,  Help ,  holiday ,  Homeopathy ,  Horse ,  HUMMING BIRD ,  hundred percent ,  IEIT ,  India ,  Intelligence ,  Interest ,  Job ,  Karuna Reiki ,  late ,  leadership ,  like ,  Living with Awareness ,  lose ,  Mantra ,  Master ,  Meditation ,  Meditation CD ,  Mind ,  morning ,  motivate ,  Mudra ,  Naran ,  need ,  new ,  NLP ,  office ,  PELICAN ,  picture ,  present ,  project ,  qualities ,  R Mohan ,  recognition ,  Reiki ,  Remedies ,  remuneration ,  resentment ,  result ,  routine ,  S Balakumar ,  situation ,  slave ,  strength ,  stuck ,  surge ,  Switch Word ,  Tamil Nadu ,  Tapping ,  task ,  Therapist ,  times ,  US ,  want ,  will ,  with ,  wonders ,  Work ,  Work-Life ,  Yes ,  Yoga . Bookmark the  permalink .  10 Comments . 
 <- Get the money you want 
 Manage your Bosses and Coworkers tactfully -> 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Trackbacks 3 
 
 
 Comments 7 
 
 
 
 curie |   March 6, 2012 at 4:22 pm 
 
 Sir! 
One person in my office has not given my biometric id to me which is leading to my work getting delayed .How can i make him give my Id faster? 
Regrds 
Curie 
 Reply 
 
 curie |   March 11, 2012 at 11:47 am 
 
 Sir! 
That person has still not given my id as a result my work is delayed.please suggest some remedy. 
curie 
 Reply 
 
 Naran S. Balakumar  |   March 13, 2012 at 10:53 am 
 
 chant WATERVIOLET HOLLY HORNBEAM 
 Reply 
 
 saraswathi |   March 29, 2012 at 10:58 am 
 
 Dear Sir, 
 Is Hen / rooster / peacock an animal spirit. 
 If so, for what problems we can call it. 
 Please clarify. 
 Regards, 
Saraswathi 
 Reply 
 
 paresh bhatt |   April 10, 2012 at 4:23 am 
 
 what the meaning of star of bethleum walnut and holly. you gave me the switchwords for jobs and career. 
 Reply 
 * [Naran S. Balakumar](http://www.naranheal.com) | [ April 10, 2012 at 5:56 am](https://healbyanimalspirits.wordpress.com/2012/03/05/yes-your-job-can-be-fun-and-enriching/#comment-610)
 
 They are Bach Flower remedies. You can also use them like switch words and chant them. They work fine 
 Reply 
 
 abhijeet |   February 24, 2014 at 11:30 am 
 
 sir…I want to sell my property at current rate….pls advice..regards 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  A balanced life!!! 
 
 
 Pingback:  Find a new project or job 
 
 
 Pingback:  Reach Naran » A balanced life!!! 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
   Naran Online 
 
 Naran’s Free live session 
 Naran’s lotus App 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thank them every day 
 Adjust is the message 
 No ill-feeling from the past 
 Weeks to patch up 
 Don’t think about savings 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 vijayakarthik on  How Can We Call Upon WOLF? 
 shshweta on  Good Communication and Understanding 
 Sheethal Pc on  Surviving in your job and office is easy 
 anju592 on  At last we got the visa 
 Apurva Pawar on  It’s all about Getting Pregnant 
 
 
 
 Blog Archives 
 
 
 Blog Archives Select Month January 2014  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  July 2011  February 2011  January 2010  November 2009  October 2009  July 2009  June 2009  April 2009  March 2009 
 
 
 Topics 
 
 
 Topics Select Category Animal Spirits Guides Bach Flower Remedy Gem remedy Mantra Healing Messages Reiki Resources Switch Word Wolf Writing Exercise 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
