Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 T(ea)uesday - Thoughts of a (sub)Normal Wife 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Tea 
 
 Open Search 
 Why Quitting My Job Works For Me 
 Before moving to Italy with my husband, we made one of the most difficult decisions I think we'll make as a couple until we have children. I say WE because it truly was a joint decision that I don't know if I could have really made on my own in good faith. The decision was to quit my job so we could be together full time. 
 Tea of the day: Refresh Mint 
Brand:  Tazo Tea 
 Color:  More like the  Peppermint Bark  tea than  Mint Medley  I tried before, this tea is brown in color. It's a lighter brown that allows you to see to the bottom of the mug still. 
 Taste:  I had to check the ingredients because there is a familiar taste that I like but was slightly different than a normal peppermint. I thought may be it would be licorice, but instead is spearmint. I almost exclusively chew spearmint gum which is what made the taste familiar. The spearmint does make the bite of mint flavoring stronger than Mint Medley, and it offers a cooling sensation in the mouth. 
 Ideas for next time I have this:  I still struggle to think of other ingredients to add to mint flavored teas. The strength of the spearmint makes me really enjoy it the way it is, so why fix what's not broken? 
 
 Now, I had a pretty good job, and I liked it for the most part. I was a trainer at a university's call center. By the time I left, I had trained over half the existing staff, knew everyone by name, and could tell you at least one thing unique to them. My favorite part of working is the relationships I build with other staff and my position gave me the perfect opportunity to do that with everyone. 
 Why it works 
 I would never encourage anyone to just quit their job. Some people have the ability to make those decisions without having something else like that. I am not that type of person. I wouldn't quit a job without one in place or a plan. 
 Here's why quitting my job works for us: 
 
 WE talked about it a LOT.  My husband and I discussed several times at length what our financial situation would be if I were to quit my job. We discussed how much debt we each have, the income we would have, and looked ahead at what we would like to do with expendable income. We even got on the same page about a savings plan. 
 Extra money was saved for when we became a single-income household.  Because of our specific situation with where my husband is stationed and living options, we did have some extra cash flow coming in for a few months. Before we got married, that money's purpose was identified and we have not strayed from it. It is in a separate account and only spent on my mandatory expenses related to bills and travel. Luckily, we saved enough that student loan payments are not a worry until I can get a full-time job upon returning to the US. 
 WE discuss larger purchases . Being a single-income household brings accountability and we have to hold each other accountable. We each are very conscious about what we spend and any large purchases are discussed beforehand. Part of that discussion includes which account the purchase is made from, its necessity, and other possible options. Two recent examples are a second car and a device that diagnoses car problems. 
 It 's an ongoing conversation.  Like most couples, money talk is typically left open-ended. The conversation is never truly over. There are always bills being paid and purchases being made. That ongoing conversation is part of our accountability system. It's not wrong to ask if the internet bill was paid or if it's ok to buy something we "want" rather than "need" on Amazon. 
 
 That last point is really key. Without the ongoing discussion, my not having a job would not work. I'd be too stressed out about money to the point where I'd likely give up my social life out of fear. Having the constant conversation continues to bring assurance of our financial situation while alleviating the stress that could be a symptom of one income for two people. 
 Benefits of quasi-employment 
 There's also some serious benefits to not having a job, especially when you're living abroad. I say I'm quasi-employed because I am a skincare consultant and am working on starting my own coaching business, but right now, there's little to no income generated from those. 
 
 Focus on my marriage.  I really have the ability to focus on my new marriage and being a great wife. Not that I wouldn't be able to if I was employed, but our relationship has never really had to compete with a job in person. My husband and I were long-distance the first 18 months of our relationship (that includes our first 3 months of marriage), so spending time with each other never had to compete with time for our jobs. We haven't gotten to spend time together consistently until now, so to be able to really focus on that when we are together instead of fighting thoughts of what I need to do to prepare for work the next day is incredible. 
 Focus on my interests.  I have a Bachelor's degree in English that I haven't really used except to go to grad school. I've always wanted to write something. Never really knew what, but I got some time to figure it out. I started this blog and exploring opportunities to write in other places on the internet. You won't know most of it is me, but it's out there and I know it. 🙂 Also, I love tea so I get to drink a lot of it now. AND I'm having a lot of fun playing travel agent for us by researching places for us to travel to while we're stationed in Europe. Oh, and I certainly wouldn't have been able to stay up and watch the World Series at 2:00 AM if I was working. 
 Focus on my family and friends.  I think I might talk more with my family and friends back home now than I did when I was working and lived closer to them. I'm so grateful that I'm able to keep up with them even when I'm 6,000 miles away. I don't know what I'd do without my family and friends. Just because you move away doesn't mean you have to completely start over. My husband and I grew stronger through distance so I know it's not an excuse to lose connection with people I love and care about. And this extends to new friends I'm making in Italy! 
 Focus on me.  I've been back in the states for almost a month. My husband decided to text my mother asking how they were holding up with me back home, haha. My mother's response was that they were doing fine and that I was more centered. That really hit me. I have been working since I was 15 and always get invested emotionally in my job. You could say I was "always" working. Between that, a social life, softball tournaments, traveling for family gatherings/weddings, and then my own wedding, there wasn't much time for focus on me regardless of how often people said I needed time to just relax. Well, I have it now. I'm not productive every day, but most days I am in some way. I embraced the true laziness for awhile, but it's a lot easier to make productive decisions when I've actually had a chance to relax. 
 
 I still feel like I'm on a long vacation. I'm not sure it's totally hit my psyche that I don't have a job I will be going back to. Whatever that job is, I'll have to apply for it and that's a thought I can push away for now. The reality is that if I want to work, I can, but I don't have to. 
 Like I said before, I'd never simply tell someone to quit their job. But if you're thinking about it, maybe this can help ease your mind about what some benefits are and some things to REALLY think about beforehand. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by tuesdayteablog 
  View all posts by tuesdayteablog  
 __January 23, 2018 
 __ Reflection 
 Post navigation 
 Our Guide to Barcelona in December 
 Closing the Gap - Military Wife Myths 
 2 thoughts on "Why Quitting My Job Works For Me" 
 Add yours 
 
 
 Pingback:  Life as a Stay at Home Wife - T(ea)uesday - Thoughts of a (sub)Normal Wife 
 
 
 Pingback:  Life as a Stay at Home Wife - Tea for Two 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 When do I update? 
 Check back each Tuesday for a tea review and whatever was on my mind. Requests accepted! 
 Search for: 
 When do I update? 
 Tuesday Tea blogs are posted on Tuesdays. Other blogs may be posted throughout the week. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Cruise Stop #1: Livorno/Florence, Italy  May 10, 2018 
 My First Cruise  May 8, 2018 
 Life as a Stay at Home Wife  April 10, 2018 
 Food from Belgium… but no mussels in Brussels  March 23, 2018 
 6 Ways You Know You're Probably on a Military Base  March 20, 2018 
 
 Reading Material 
 
 Cruise  (1) 
 Food and Drink  (3) 
 Gratitude  (5) 
 living in italy  (2) 
 Military life  (3) 
 Reflection  (3) 
 Travel  (4) 
 Uncategorized  (12) 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Up ↑ 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
