Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Resources Worker 
 Government of Saskatchewan 
 __Prince Albert, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Resources Worker - HUM009064 
 Employment Type:  SGEU Term 9 months or more 
 Location(s):  SK-PrinceAlbert and Area-Prince Albert 
 Ministry:  036 Social Services 
 Salary Range:  $27.837 - $34.889 Hourly 
 Salary Supplement:  included in hourly salary range (in-scope) 
 Grade:  SGEU.08. 
 As a Resources Worker working for the Ministry of Social Services in the North Service Area, you will be responsible for arranging placements for children in care based on suitability and availability of caregivers. 
 Duties include: 
You will be required to conduct in-depth home assessments and make recommendations regarding the use of new and existing caregiver homes; 
You will be required to provide personal support to caregivers and assist them in meeting their obligations to Family Services and the children/families that are placed in their homes; 
You will be responsible to conduct annual and periodic reviews of caregiver homes to evaluate their services and to ensure their family health and psychological, training, and professional needs are met; 
You will be responsible for completing place of safety and alternate care home assessments; and 
You will also be required to provide emergency home support during times of crisis and stress. 
 Our successful candidate will have knowledge of the principles and practices of social work; human growth and development and the impact of influencing factors; and multicultural beliefs, values and perspective with particular emphasis on First Nations and Métis. You will have the ability to develop working relationships with a varying range of individuals, interest groups and related service providers. You will also plan and conduct interviews with individuals and families to evaluate information, assess risk factors/family dynamics and the need for services. 
 You will be available to travel within your service centre area throughout its urban, rural, and reserve communities to conduct home visits. As a field worker, you will also work flexible hours to provide training and crisis support and placement services on evenings and weekends as required. 
 To qualify for this position you will possess a Bachelor of Social Work or Bachelor of Indian Social Work degree or equivalent social work degree from an accredited university as approved by the CAS. 
 Preference will be given to qualified equity group members who self-declare in this online application, as identified in "diversity groups" below 
 Diversity Groups:  Aboriginal persons 
 Hours of Work:  B - SGEU Field 37.33 - work a total of 37.33 hours/week, averaged over 4 weeks 
 Criminal Record Check Requirement:  The successful candidate shall be subject to a Criminal Record Check, including a vulnerable sector query, as a condition of employment 
 Number of Openings:  1 
 Closing Date:  Mar 9, 2020, 5:59:00 AM 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
