  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Resume   
  Resume Formatting   
 How Many Bullets Are Too Many & Other Common Job History Questions 
 
 How Many Bullets Are Too Many & Other Common Job History Questions 
 by  Cathy Eng 
 For most professionals, your job history (commonly listed as Professional or Work Experience) is where hiring managers find a lot of your value. This is where you detail in a reverse-chronological order what you did, for whom, where, and for how long. Though there are many ways to write a job history, there are some tried and true methods for making it clear, concise, and interesting - essentials for getting noticed by a hiring manager. 
 Here are some of the top questions I receive from clients about their job history and ways to address common issues: 
 Q: Should I include month and year when listing my tenure dates? 
 A:  It really depends on the amount of time you spent at your jobs. I would recommend including months if your jobs are relatively brief (less than two years). However, if you were in your past positions for five or ten years, there is really no need to disclose the months of employment. The most important thing is consistency – make them all one way or another. Finally, be honest. Don’t try to be deceiving with your dates. If you were at a job from Nov. 2010 to Jan. 2011 and you list it as 2010 – 2011, they will figure it out that you were only there two months, not an entire year! 
 
 Q: What if I had more than one job at a company? 
 A:  The best way to present growth within a company is to start by listing the name of the company with total tenure. Then, list relevant titles with dates for each role. If you relocated, that should be shown as well. Here’s an example: 
 
 
 ABC, Inc. 2004 – Present 
 
 Underwriter I, New York, NY, 2004 – 2006 
 Underwriter II, Newark, NJ, 2006 – 2009 
 Supervisor of Underwriting, Newark, NJ, 2009 – Present 
 
 
 
 
 Q: How many bullets are too many? 
 A:  Hiring managers tend to bore and move on at about the 6th bullet. Therefore, keep it to six at the most and list your more impressive and relevant bullets first. 
 
 Q: I have way too much information! How can I organize it better? 
 A:  I encourage clients to balance each job entry with equal parts responsibilities and accomplishments. You can organize this information in paragraphs or bullets, which ever works best for you. Just remember to keep it clear and concise. 
 A good way to present an abundance of relevant information is to separate it by heading. This is especially helpful if you changed functions or departments during your tenure, or if your job includes many different functions. Here’s an example: 
 
 Finance Director, ABC, Inc., New York, NY
 
 Accounting: Responsibilities and accomplishments in this area… 
 Forecasting & Pricing: Responsibilities and accomplishments in this area… 
 Leadership: Responsibilities and accomplishments in this area… 
 
 
 
 Just remember, there is no right way to create a job history. The most important things to remember when writing your job history are clear and concise presentation and complete transparency. 
 Resume Center 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples (300+) 
 Resume Customization 
 Resume Formatting 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 Resume Writers 
 Action Verbs | A - Z 
 Action Verbs | Skills 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 How Your Brand Image Affects Your Earning Potential  
 Top Questions to Ask When Writing Your Resume  
 How to Avoid the Black Hole: Understand How Applicant Tracking Systems Work  
 Five Pragmatic Things You Can Do to Make Sure Your Resume Gets Seen by Hiring Managers  
 My Resume's Not Getting Me Interviews. What Am I Doing Wrong?  
 Five Ways to Make Your Resume Jump Off the Page  
 Tidy Up Your Resume: Tips for Streamlining Your Career Progression  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write a Resume? 
 How to Avoid Having an Outdated Resume? 
 How Creative Should You Be When Writing Your Resume? 
 How to Create a Resume That Gets Results? 
 When to Include an Objective Statement? 
 How to Turn Around a Failing Resume? 
 How Long Should Your Resume Be? 
 How to Write a Good "Work Experience" Section? 
 
 Resume Center 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples (300+) 
 Resume Customization 
 Resume Formatting 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 Resume Writers 
 Action Verbs | A - Z 
 Action Verbs | Skills 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 Resume/Cover Letter Templates Download 
 × 
 EMAIL * 
 Send Close 
 Success Popup 
 × 
 Thank you for downloading the template! 
 Close 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
