Toggle navigation 
   
 
 Pet Sitting Business Tips
 
 Pet Business Marketing 
 
 
 Pet Sitting Excellence 
 Pet Emergency Planning
 
 Pet Health 
 Pet Products 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 Unusual Pet Career - Pet Friendly Landscaping 
 A backyard designed with your pet in mind - what a great idea! Pawfriendly Landscapes Inc based in Colorado specialize in landscaping your yard around the needs of your pets. 
 They take an inventory of your pets habits (good or bad), work up a custom design for you, and do the full installation. A practical yard for your pets and a beautiful space for you. 
 Their website shows examples of backyard designs that include innovative pet features such as: 
 Outdoor cat litter boxes 
 Doggie Hydrants made with stones 
 Dog Racetracks 
 Odor Neutralizing Mulch 
 Cobbling beds with stone to deter digging 
 Raised beds to deter trampling of plants 
 Prickly planting to deter chewing of plants 
 Latice structures above fences to deter jumping over fences 
 You don’t have to live in Colorado to take advantage of their design service. You can send them plans and photos of your yard, and descriptions of your pets habits and they will custom design a landscape for you and you can take their plans to local contractors to quote the construction. 
 If you are good in the garden and want to start a pet related business but don’t want to work hands on with pets this could be the business for you. Make your own designs or use their service to get the design work done and then provide the construction service to clients. 
 Articles similaires 
 Coaching 
 Pet Sitters International State of Industry Survey Results 
 What about owning a pet business? 
 Owning a pet business does not guarantee you success, but it is generally not difficult to set up your own pet business adn many who own pet businesses love the hard working lifestyle and the closeness to pets. You will have to compete with those who may be better trained, may have lower cost structures and those who “pretend” to have your skills and experience when they do not. (eg not all those who advertise themselves as groomers are actually Groomers). 
 Essential skills for working with dogs 
 There are also key skills that all dog industry professionals should possess. Here are some of the most critical skills and abilities for those hoping to work with dogs professionally: Basic Dog Handling and Training Skills, ability to recognize behavioral signals. 
 Safety tips for working with animals 
 Animals can be somewhat unpredictable when they are under stress or in an unfamiliar environment, like when they visit the veterinary office or the grooming salon, so it is important to be attentive and stay aware of the animal you are handling at all times. 
 Dog show handlers 
 Dog show handlers are well versed in the arts of showmanship and presentation. These professionals travel the country as they seek championship honors for their client’s dogs. They are responsible for presenting their canine charges to their best benefit throughout the time of the competition. 
 K-9 police officers 
 K-9 police officers work closely with their dogs to enforce laws. With proportionately minor positions accessible in the field, an assignment to the canine unit is highly coveted amongst law enforcement professionals. A K-9 handler can use their dog to enforce public order while on patrol. 
 Breeder 
 Breeders select and breed animals according to characteristics and genealogy. The top earners make more than $75,000 a year. Those who work in states such as Ohio, South Dakota, and Kentucky earn the most. Animal breeders are required to have a minimum of a high school education. 
 Zoologist 
 Zoologists work with animals in the wild and controlled environments such as zoos. They provide data that shapes wildlife conservation and preservation policy, work with animals extensively and spend time crunching numbers. Starting salaries depend on schooling (bachelor's degrees earn around $45,460…). 
