The H.I.S Agency, LLC 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Noteworthy 
 Travel & Events 
 "Confessions of a Spa Bunny" 
 
 "The Beginning" 
 "The Confessions" 
 "The Spa Boutique" 
 
 
 Let's Connect 
 
 Search for: 
 "Confessions of a Spa Bunny" ,  Blog Talk ,  Spa Bunny ,  Spas 
 ISPA and Beauty Changes Lives Partner for the "Get Your Dream Job" Campaign 
 December 27, 2017   hisincorporated   Leave a comment 
 This year during the  International SPA Association  (ISPA) Conference in Las Vegas, ISPA Chairman Todd Shaw, announced a new partnership with the  Beauty Changes Lives Foundation  and launched the "Get Your Dream Job" Campaign during the opening General Session. 
 This nationwide call to action brings together both the professional spa and salon industries to build awareness on the extraordinary job opportunities, and career growth this sector has to offer. With nearly 33,000 open positions for service providers, as reported in the 2017 ISPA U.S. Spa Industry Study, the job demand for licensed beauty and wellness professionals is at an all time high. 
 Have you ever dreamed of pursuing a career in the spa, beauty, and wellness industry? Do you have a need for more qualified talent at your spa/salon? I sat down with Lynelle Lynch, President of the Beauty Changes Lives Foundation and Bellus Academy, during the 2017 ISPA Conference to learn more about this new initiative. Check out the video interview below to learn more. 
 As a part of the campaign, education grants and scholarships are available for prospective students to help them attend an  American Association of Cosmetology School  (AACS) and become equipped with the knowledge and skills needed to serve clients in the beauty and spa industry. In addition, participating spas, salons, and clubs will receive a myriad of marketing and online resources to assist with promoting the campaign. 
 For more information on the "Get Your Dream Job" campaign, please visit:  http://www.getyourdreamjob.com/ 
 Story by: India K. Robinson, “Confessions of a Spa Bunny” coverage from 2017 ISPA Conference, October 16, 2017 at the Mandalay Bay Conference Center in Las Vegas. 
 Contact: 
 India K. Robinson 
“Confessions of a Spa Bunny” 
 spabunny@hisincorporated.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 beauty beauty changes lives Confessions of a Spa Bunny get your dream job ISPA spa spa blogger spa bunny spa industry spa jobs spa media wellness 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostThe Spa at the Ivy Hotel Next PostCherry Blossom Event with Shea Yeleen at MGM National Harbor 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Like & Follow on Facebook 
 
 Like & Follow on Facebook 
 
 Videos 
 
 I invite you to immerse yourself in the sensory experience afforded to invited media at the 2016  International Spa Association 's East Coast Media Event at Gotham Hall in NYC. An evening of stunning visuals, high touch, and healing sounds.  Confessions of a Spa Bunny  was there, and this video highlights the event through my eyes, these are my "confessions"… 
 
 Video and photography collaboration presented by:  The H.I.S Agency, LLC  &  EyeConic Photo 
 Related 
 Sight, Sound, Touch: ISPA East Coast Media Event 
 August 3, 2016   hisincorporated   2 Comments 
 
 This video highlights the first stop on my #spabunnyonthemove spa adventures in Jamaica. First up on the confessions list, the Awe Spa at Moon Palace Jamaica Grande @palaceresorts in Ocho Rios. A sneak peak inside… check out my confessions! 
 
 Related 
 "Confession of a Spa Bunny" - Awe Spa at Moon Palace Jamaica Grande 
 August 1, 2016   hisincorporated   Leave a comment 
 
 I love spa happy hours, and though there aren't as many as I would like, I always look forward to the events and happy hours hosted by  The Pearl Spa  in Fulton, MD. Last week, I attended their "members only" happy hour event, invited a few VIP guests to join me, and we had a good ole time enjoying  Lotus Wei  flower reading,  Wei of Chocolate  meditations, artistic moments with the Buddha Board, herbal tea shots from  Tea Forte , aromatic candle scents and body products from  Red Flower ,  21 Drops  essential oil samples, homeopathic oral sprays from  Sprayology , sangria, salad in a cup, and much more! 
 
 Their spa boutique is filled with many of my favorite brands and products, and you can find some great gift ideas for Mother's Day! 
 Related 
 "True Colors" Spa Happy Hour at The Pearl 
 April 30, 2016   hisincorporated   Leave a comment 
  More videos ->  
 Follow "Confessions of a Spa Bunny" on Instagram! 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Let's Connect on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Posts 
 
 All the Buzz: JMPankey Partners SpaHive Mastermind 
 Wellspring Manor & Spa: A New Luxury Retreat Destination in Prince George's County 
 In the Flow: 2018 ISPA East Coast Media Event 
 
 Providing Grade A+ Experiences…..And Much More! 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Love the Skin You're In 
 30 Day Skinade Challenge  February 14, 2018 
 Follow our journey on Instagram @confessspabunny 
 Recent Posts 
 
 All the Buzz: JMPankey Partners SpaHive Mastermind 
 Wellspring Manor & Spa: A New Luxury Retreat Destination in Prince George's County 
 In the Flow: 2018 ISPA East Coast Media Event 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 4,980 hits 
 
 On the Horizon 
 
 List 
 Calendar 
 
 < Previous  Next > 
 «  | 
 January 2021 
 
 
 
 » 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sun 
 Mon 
 Tue 
 Wed 
 Thu 
 Fri 
 Sat 
 
 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 
 
 
 + Add your own event   Eventbrite 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Social Media 
 
 View www.facebook.com/confessionsofaspabunny's profile on Facebook 
 View confessspabunny's profile on Twitter 
 View confessspabunny's profile on Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 
 
 The H.I.S Agency, LLC 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Noteworthy 
 
 
 Travel & Events 
 
 
 "Confessions of a Spa Bunny" 
 
 "The Beginning" 
 "The Confessions" 
 "The Spa Boutique" 
 
 
 
 Let's Connect 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
