  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Birmingham, England 
 Rate:  Up to £25.00 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Community Psychiatric Nurse 
 Service Care Solutions are looking for a Community Mental Health Nurse (CPN) in the Birmingham area, 
 The post is full-time, working Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm. 
 This is a temporary block booking for 3 months which is to continue till further notice. 
 The position is Band 6 paying £25 per hour Ltd (paid via umbrella) 
 Responsibilities: 
, To carry a community case load of mental health patients in the West Midlands area, working across clinics and patients' homes in providing high quality care. 
 , To perform general and risk assessments in diagnosing and treating complex mental health issues. 
 , To administer medications and perform depot injections as part of the treatment of patients 
, To work effectively as part of a MDT (Multi Disciplinary Team) and liaise with other mental healthcare professionals. 
 Person Specification: 
, Must be a Registered Mental Health Nurse who is currently registered with the NMC. 
 , Ideally, 6 months working in Community Mental Health in areas such as CMHT, Assertive Outreach, Early Intervention, Crisis Resolution, Primary Care etc. 
 , Must have a car available for work and be willing to travel within the community as part of the role. 
 , Must be an effective and responsible lone worker, capable of organising own workload. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
, Weekly payroll runs 
, £250 training allowance 
, Excellent pay rates 
, Exceptional referral bonuses 
, Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
, Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 If you are interested in this position, please contact Andrew Wiles at Service Care Solution on 01772 208953 or email andrew.wiles@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £25.00 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Birmingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 16:26:17 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
