
 
  Home  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Events  
 
 
  Testimonials  
 
  Career Seekers   
  Business Owners   
  Individuals   
 
 
 
  BLOG  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Book a Consultation  
 
 
  Home  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Events  
 
 
  Testimonials  
 
  Career Seekers   
  Business Owners   
  Individuals   
 
 
 
  BLOG  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Book a Consultation  
 
 
   
 ﻿news & updates 
 An article written by Carly: 9 things you need to obtain your dream career 
 4/10/2014 
  1 Comment  
 9 THINGS YOU NEED TO OBTAIN YOUR DREAM CAREER: 
By: Carly Calabrese 
 1.  Know what you want to do . How can you get a job if you don't know what to do? 
If you do not know what career or job you would like to do, my career personality test can help. It's a 72-question True/False test that you can take that will ask questions about yourself. The test can be taken in the comforts of your home. The test will provide you with a few career fields compatible with your personality and a detailed analysis of your personality. _  My test is different because it provides you with the schools recommended to obtain the training for your dream job. _ Many of my clients have taken the test prior to purchasing a resume/job package from me so that they know what job or career field they want their resume to be tailored to. 
 2.  Research your career  so that you know what is expected and what requirements do you meet and still need to meet? This includes: reading job descriptions, salaries of jobs and careers, and job shadowing someone you know in the industry that you are entering. A good resource is the Occupational Outlook Handbook, which can be accessed online at:  http://www.bls.gov/ooh/  and shows various career fields and their pay. Another option is to Google salaries for positions you're interested in, including the city and state you are located in as well as the year since salaries change yearly and vary depending on location. 
It's important to know if your job requires a certification, degree, and other requirements so that you can start assessing what skills, knowledge, and training you already have as well as what you may still have to do. 
 3.  Confidence . Dictionary.com defines the word "confidence" as the belief in oneself and one's powers or abilities. You have to believe that you will find your dream career. This can begin with positive thoughts. Sure, you may get down and think you won't ever be able to find a job, but you need to say only positive things, for example, I will be able to find the job of my dreams. Keep thinking and saying positive thoughts until you believe it. For more information on positive thinking, Joel Osteen, famous Christian preacher has half hour weekly sermons on television and online (the past week and current week sermons) are posted online. Visit:  www.joelosteen.com  to see his current and past week's sermon, click on "Broadcasts". For more information about the "Law of Attraction" visit:    http://www.oprah.com/spirit/The-Law-of-Attraction-Real-Life-Stories_1  
 4.  Networking . Aside from looking for jobs online, in the paper, etc. It's important to remember to network. Networking is developing and maintaining relationships with others in the work force and in general, so that you can gain insight into an industry, company, or a career path. According to the Harvard Business School, 65% to 85% of jobs are found through networking. Here are some tips on how to network for a job:   http://guides.wsj.com/careers/how-to-identify-job-opportunities/how-to-network-your-way-to-a-job/    
 5.  Be realistic about job expectations . Know what your value is, but also know that you cannot be too picky about job duties and pay if you do not have a lot of work experience yourself. You most likely won't land a high paying position without working your way up to that position.  It's also important to remember to be realistic about the time it will take to find a job.  It can take 90 days or up to a year to find a job (more or less time) depending on your effort, confidence, skills, timing, etc. 
 6.  Persistence . Dictionary.com defines the word "persistent" as lasting in spite of opposition, obstacles, discouragement, etc. It is important to remember to be persistent in finding your dream job. You cannot compare your circumstance to another's. Everyone's skills, knowledge, training, connections, career fields, expectations, etc. are different so just because your neighbor landed the job of their dreams in one month, doesn't mean you will. You cannot be discouraged, keep your chin up, and keep trucking. Remember even in children's stories, perseverance paid off, for example, "The Little Engine that could."  Henry Ford was once quoted, "Whether you think you can, or you think you can't you're right." 
 7.  Interpersonal/communication skills . Whether you want a job working alone, behind the scenes, from home, etc. one still needs interpersonal skills. Why? Because how will you get the job working alone or behind the scenes? Through networking, interviewing for the job with a boss and/or staff of people, etc. Even when you do land the job, you still have to be able to communicate and get along with others while working at that job. (Even if you work from home or have a business, there is still some sort of communication that takes place whether it is on the phone, the computer, etc). 
 8.  Time management skills . In order to land your dream career, one needs to be able to meet deadlines, your first one is usually your job interview. Being early is always important, late is not good. I've been taught that arriving somewhere 15 minutes before your scheduled time is late.Even when you obtain your dream career, in order to keep that dream career, one needs to have time management skills, meeting work deadlines whether it be in person, working from home, your own business, etc. ** ** 
 9.  Writing skills . In order to land the career of your dreams, some writing skills are involved. Aside from writing a resume of your work experience, coming to me to tailor your resume to a specific job or career field will definitely increase your chances of landing your dream career some jobs also require an application to fill out. Cover letters, post interview thank you letters, resignation letters, etc. are just a few written documents used in the job process. That is where I come in handy, clients can learn how to write their own documents after they hire me or can come to me in the future if they have little time, patience, or skill. 
 **For more information about how Work Solutions can get you started in your job process, visit: worksolutionstoday.com  or call: 360 981 7463. ** 
 
  1 Comment  
 john okornkwo    link 
 6/16/2014 05:20:28 am 
 Awesome blog, if you don't mind visit us to to read your daily bread devotional http://www.everydaydevotional.com 
 Reply 
 Your comment will be posted after it is approved. 
 Leave a Reply. 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Archives 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 July 2018 
 May 2018 
 March 2017 
 November 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 ---|---|--- 
  RSS Feed  
 Home  -  About  -  Events  -  Testimonials  -  Contact  -  Blog 
**Email: info@worksolutionstoday.com | **Cell: 360 981-7463​ **** 
 Copyright 2018  Work Solutions 
