Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Technical Specialist 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Western Retail Services which includes The Book Store at Western; The Campus Computer Store; Books Plus; and Western Graphic Services has been serving students, faculty, staff, alumni, retirees, and the London community since 1925. Our unit provides all course material and related supporting materials as required in the delivery of academic courses. We are also the official home of Western spirit products and offer sales of general books, gifts and supplies to enhance the learning environment. We provide printing services for all academic and departmental needs as well as, sales and service of computer and related electronic products as required on campus. In addition we provide sales and marketing support events on and off campus, working with a diverse mix of faculties and groups and including set up at football games. 
 *** Please note:  This position is expected to be filled internally by reappointment. 
 Responsibilities 
 a) Duties include customer support, troubleshooting, configuring, installing and setting up customer laptops and desktop computers 
b) Install and support system software; (i.e. MS Office, Virus protection, etc.) 
 c) Install, troubleshoot and support various platforms:  (Windows 7, XP, Vista and Mac OS X) 
 d) Install and diagnose various hardware related issues:  (hard drive, memory, video card, system back-up, motherboard, power supply) 
 Qualifications: 
 Education: 
College Diploma 
A+ certification 
Apple Certified Mac Technician (ACMT) 
HP Certified Technician 
 Experience: 
 
 Minimum 2-3 years’ experience with computer support both in hardware/software 
 Experience using Windows Platform (2000, XP etc), Networking, Various Software Suites (i.e. Office, Corel, Adobe, Photoshop...). 
 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Written and verbal communication skills to express ideas clearly, and adapt communication style to suit the situation and audience 
 Ability to maintain a positive, outgoing attitude with genuine customer service orientation 
 Reliable and dependable with the ability to consistently work assigned schedule 
 Ability to follow processes and practices with high attention to detail and accuracy. 
 Demonstrates integrity and works in accordance with Western's policies and procedures 
 Ability to multi-task and maintain an organized work environment 
 Personable and courteous in working relationships with colleagues, students and the public 
 Ability to prioritize and organize a fluctuating work load 
 Ability to work independently and effectively as a member of the team to achieve department goals 
 Ability to work in a manner that is compliant with confidentiality requirements as applicable 
 Ability to lift and move up to 50lbs 
 Required to work periodic evenings and weekends during peak times or as needed 
 
 Why Western? 
 Western offers a broad and exciting variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities with ample room for job exploration and growth. Within our beautiful campus, you are part of a progressive work environment that promotes work/life balance including access to our state-of-the-art recreation centre. Apply for an opportunity to be part of the Western community and contribute to its success! 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
