
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Lead Electrical Engineer 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Lead Electrical Engineer 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Lead%20Electrical%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13916006/lead-electrical-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 20, 2020 
 Location: 
 Berkeley, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Lab's  (LBNL)  Engineering Division  has an opening for a Lead Electrical Engineer to join the team. 
 In this exciting role, you will work with  The Advanced Light Source  (ALS) at LBNL, a state-of-the-art soft x-ray user facility that is preparing for an upgrade that will revolutionize the science research possibilities in the discipline of photon science. The upgrade is a challenging engineering task and an exciting opportunity for all involved in the project. One of the most challenging tasks in the project is the Removal and Installation (R&I;) effort because of the scope of work and timeline  http://engineering.lbl.gov/  limitations for minimizing the down-time of the facility. 
 We are looking for a high-level Electrical Engineer capable of planning and executing the  Advanced Light Source Upgrade  (ALS-U) Removal and Installation (R&I;) task. You will develop, plan, and execute the electrical engineering aspects of the removal and installation effort. Additionally, you will work closely with the R&I; CAM and the Mechanical R&I; Lead engineer to develop detailed planning of the installation sequence and have to coordinate closely with the  ALS-U  technical design teams, ALS operations, facilities, and EH&S.; 
 You must have a broad background in electrical engineering, particularly systems engineering, background in high power electrical systems (RF or DC), manufacturing engineering, and working experience working within the National Lab environment. 
 Ideally, you would have practical hand-on experience in overseeing larger scale installation efforts as the effort might require interfacing with the Facilities Division and contractors to ensure code compliance and EVAP (Energization Validation and Authorization Packages) sign-off. 
 The work will require the ability to lead, interface, and work within a large diverse team and will require excellent technical communication skills. The tasks are intellectual, non-routine, and will require sound engineering judgment, the ability to plan out the work independently, and engineering decision making with a wide range in scope. You must be able to coordinate and lead a diverse workforce, interface with, and oversee an outside contractor work. 
 What You Will Do: 
 
 
 Work closely with the Accelerator Engineering leads to integrate the installation effort with the design and provide input from R&I; with the goal to simplify installation tasks and optimize installation for efficiency. 
 
 
 Develop the electrical installation plans by developing an integrated engineering design using input from the technical subsystem. 
 
 
 Oversee development of the cable plant, cable inventory, and cable installation and termination. 
 
 
 Provide general supervision of field service contractors and electrical workers. 
 
 
 Serve as a cognizant engineer and POC for all electrical Removal and Installation issues by providing direction and guidance to the small removal and installation engineering team or contractor team (design and execution). 
 
 
 Serve as a cognizant engineer and POC for the facility and EH&S; subject matter experts. 
 
 
 Develop a LOTO and energization plan and oversee the execution of these plans. 
 
 
 Interface with ALS operations to organize R&I; tasks for ALS shutdown days. 
 
 
 Support the hand-off of the accelerator installation to commissioning with the required documentation. 
 
 
 Collaborate across diverse technical fields (accelerator physics, magnet design, controls, facilities engineering) to collect specifications and requirements for the installation tasks. 
 
 
 Participate in design reviews for the ALS, ALS-U, and other projects. 
 
 
 Provide engineering requirements to the design team that facilitates ease of installation and maintenance of the components. 
 
 
 Use a broad array of analytical, computational, and experimental, instrumentation, and hardware design skills in the development of detailed installation sequences and methods. 
 
 
 Independently apply engineering principles, methods, and research techniques to creatively solve complex problems based on new technology. 
 
 
 Develop, approve, and release assembly schematics, drawings, work instructions, check-lists, and other supporting documents to facility clear guidelines for the removal and installation crews. 
 
 
 Support writing specifications for technically complex or challenging procurements; including the gathering and organization of technical details and requirements. 
 
 
 Develop project scope and estimate related logistics, e.g. cost estimates and assembly/installation timelines. 
 
 
 Participate in developing electrical safety procedures for high voltage, current, and/or energy devices. 
 
 
 Be responsible for technical efforts to meet project deliverables. 
 
 
 What Is Required: 
 
 
 B.S. in Electrical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Physics, or related field or equivalent experience. Normally 8+ years of relevant experience. 
 
 
 Demonstrated extensive knowledge in engineering integration (mechanical and electrical), mechanical design, and fabrication. The lead engineering role typically acquired with eight+ years of experience. 
 
 
 Demonstrated experience in managing technical projects of medium-scale and large-scale including the ability to make accurate manpower, time, and expense estimates for completion of projects. 
 
 
 Previous experience with large scale electrical installations and/or operations and maintenance of large user facilities, complex experiments, or industrial installation. 
 
 
 Demonstrated extensive knowledge and experience accelerator or complex scientific experiment engineering design, and mechanical issues and manufacturing thereof. 
 
 
 Experience leading and supervising others effectively in a team environment. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to make sound technical decisions, to solve difficult problems, and to interact effectively within a diverse team. 
 
 
 Demonstrated strong technical understanding and knowledge in an electrical engineering area relevant for accelerator systems (such as high power PS, RF, measurements, signal processing, controls) 
 
 
 Ability to provide perspective on a high systems engineering level, and the ability to guide a technical team on a detailed expert level. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to make sound technical decisions, to solve difficult problems, and to interact effectively within a diverse team. 
 
 
 Ability to exercise, sound engineering judgment, analytical ability, and evidence of strong written and verbal technical communication skills. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to make independent decisions and lead other scientists and engineers in defining goals and implementing activities to realize the goals. 
 
 
 Organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple competing priorities and projects. 
 
 
 Additional Desired Qualifications: 
 
 
 M.S. or equivalent experience. 
 
 
 Experience with PLM systems and QA workflows. 
 
 
 Experience in an R&D; and national laboratory environment. 
 
 
 Programming and database experience. 
 
 
 Knowledge of electrical codes and electrical safety such as NEC, LOTO and NFPA 70E. 
 
 
 Mechanical CAD system experience, and understanding of mechanical modeling.. 
 
 
 Knowledge of CAD tools for schematic capture such as OrCAD or Mentor Graphics, cable routing software such as Creo Schematics and mechanical design such as AutoCAD or other modeling tools. 
 
 
 Adaptability and desire to learn new skills and technologies. 
 
 
 The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. 
 Notes: 
 
 
 This is a full time, 2 year term appointment with the possibility of extension or conversion to Career appointment based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. 
 
 
 Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay. 
 
 
 Salary is commensurate with experience. 
 
 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core values at Berkeley Lab. Our excellence can only be fully realized by faculty, students, and staff who share our commitment to these values. Successful candidates for our faculty positions will demonstrate evidence of a commitment to advancing equity and inclusion. 
 
 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 
 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 
 Learn About Us: 
 Working at  Berkeley Lab  has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab-  Click Here. 
   Berkeley Lab (  LBNL) addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the   Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision  __ under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click   here  to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 91132 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 In the world of science, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) is synonymous with excellence. Thirteen scientists associated with Berkeley Lab have won the Nobel Prize. Fifty-seven Lab scientists are members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), one of the highest honors for a scientist in the United States. Thirteen of our scientists have won the National Medal of Science, our nation's highest award for lifetime achievement in fields of scientific research. Eighteen of our engineers have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, and three of our scientists have been elected into the Institute of Medicine. In addition, Berkeley Lab has trained thousands of university science and engineering students who are advancing technological innovations across the nation and around the world. Berkeley Lab is a member of the national laboratory system supported by the U.S. Department of Energy through its Office of Science. It is managed by the University of California (UC) and is charged with conducting unclassified research across a wide range of scientific disciplines. Located on a 200-acre site in the hills above the UC Berkeley campus that offers spectacular... views of the San Francisco Bay, Berkeley Lab employs approximately 4,200 scientists, engineers, support staff and students. Its budget for 2011 is $735 million, with an additional $101 million in funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, for a total of $836 million. A recent study estimates the Laboratory's overall economic impact through direct, indirect and induced spending on the nine counties that make up the San Francisco Bay Area to be nearly $700 million annually. The Lab was also responsible for creating 5,600 jobs locally and 12,000 nationally. The overall economic impact on the national economy is estimated at $1.6 billion a year. Technologies developed at Berkeley Lab have generated billions of dollars in revenues, and thousands of jobs. Savings as a result of Berkeley Lab developments in lighting and windows, and other energy-efficient technologies, have also been in the billions of dollars. Berkeley Lab was founded in 1931 by Ernest Orlando Lawrence, a UC Berkeley physicist who won the 1939 Nobel Prize in physics for his invention of the cyclotron, a circular particle accelerator that opened the door to high-energy physics. It was Lawrence's belief that scientific research is best done through teams of individuals with different fields of expertise, working together. His teamwork concept is a Berkeley Lab legacy that continues today. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Machine Vision/Image Analysis) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Optical Coherence Tomography) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __6 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (In Vivo Microscopy) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __6 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
