Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Software Engineer II 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology Department is responsible for providing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s vision and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The Technology Department is also responsible for authoring Technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Manager, Application Services, the Software Engineer II is responsible 
for software products and projects with a mid-level of complexity. The Software Engineer II collaborates and communicates with members of cross-functional teams and delivers business value to internal customers. She/he will develop customer-focused front-end and back-end applications in an Agile hybrid environment and enable the effective and efficient delivery of quality products. The position can be based in either Vancouver or Victoria with travel between the two cities. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Bachelor’s degree in Technology, Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field 
A minimum of 5 years experience as Developer or Software Engineer with responsibility for development, testing and production support 
A minimum of 3 years experience with Agile methods (Scrum) and DevOps practices 
Must have development experience using programming languages such as: VBA, VB.Net, ASP.Net, C#, Python, Perl, JavaScript 
 Strong knowledge of back-end databases:  MS SQL Server, SSRS and SSIS 
Must have experience with issue tracking, and product development and version control tools (Git) 
Must have excellent customer-service, listening, communication and problem-solving skills 
Experience using ServiceNow, Jira, ActiveBatch and BitBucket would be an asset 
Professional certifications such as Certified Scrum Developer (CSD), Certified Scrum Professional (CSP), Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) or equivalent credentials would be an asset 
Knowledge of the investment management industry would be an asset 
Cloud development experience would be an asset 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Collaborates with team members, other Technology teams and customers to understand the objectives, needs and issues of assigned customer area(s) 
Collaborates with Solution Architects and Business Solution Engineers to define business and non-functional requirements and compelling user stories 
Collaborates with and supports the Solution Architect with detailed solution design to deliver the desired business outcomes with cost-effective sustainment 
Assesses new technologies through conducting state-of-the-art reviews or proofs of concept and making recommendations to inform application roadmap development and business cases 
Develops, implements, tests and delivers high quality and industry-standard products that deliver maximum business value to customers 
Develops test strategies, designs automation frameworks and writes unit/functional tests 
Presents products to internal and external stakeholders, reviews the work of other engineers and provides feedback in an open, respectful and constructive manner 
Delivers products in line with schedule commitments and implementation plans 
Proactively identifies risks and issues and proposes solutions to remove barriers 
Applies knowledge of Agile methods and participates in team activities, ceremonies and efforts to continuously improve processes including backlog development or grooming, sprint planning and team retrospectives 
Applies knowledge of DevOps practices including continuous deployment, continuous integration, test-driven development and automated testing 
Acts as a subject matter expert and provides support, ad hoc training and guidance to others to increase adoption of Agile methods and DevOps practices 
Contributes to BCI’s reference architecture and the ongoing evolution of DevOps practices 
Ensures technical artifacts are accurate, accessible, maintained and communicated 
Undertakes special projects or assignments as required 
Performs other related duties as required 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Learning Agility 
 Effective performers continuously seek new knowledge. They are curious and want to know “why”. They learn quickly and use new information effectively. They create and foster a culture of interest, curiosity, and learning. 
 Relationship Building 
 Effective performers establish and proactively maintain a broad network of relationships (e.g. colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and shows pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 Influence 
 Effective performers are skilled at directing, persuading, and motivating others. They are able to flex their style to direct, collaborate, or empower as the situation requires. They have established a personal power base built on mutual trust, fairness, and honesty. 
 Organization & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Results Orientation 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement, and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers clearly and articulately convey technical and other information both orally and in writing to others in a manner appropriate to the listener. They write clearly, accurately and concisely, composing project, technical and other required documentation as required. 
 Change Mastery 
 Effective performers are adaptable. They embrace needed change and modify their behaviour when appropriate to achieve organizational objectives. They are effective in the face of ambiguity. They understand and use change management techniques to help ensure smooth transitions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
