__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Career Coaching 
 | 
 Daphne Mobley, D.V.M. 
 Location:  Nanuet, New York 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Motivate you to fully live life as you truly want to experience it 
 
 
 Inspire you to execute your plans to meet or exceed your goals 
 
 
 Gain confidence to get off the hamster wheel and move where you want to go 
 
 
 Receive support as you develop clear, actionable goals 
 
 
 Reveal limiting beliefs that are holding you back from achieving your aspirations 
 
 
 Assist you in the creation of a new belief system that allows you to believe that you can attain your objectives
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 
 
 Motivation and momentum to move forward to enact your goals 
 
 
 Development of a clear road map to achieve your objectives 
 
 
 Prioritization of goals that you want instead of the goals that others told you to have 
 
 
 Profound discoveries and realizations about yourself
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 
 
 "Dr. Mobley is a wonderful, caring coach. Her easygoing, positive nature created an instant connection with me. She has the unique ability to help you uncover what is blocking you and provide spot-on counsel without judgment." -Human Resources Director at a major U.S. sports non-profit organization 
 
 
 "Dr. Mobley is a quintessential coach... intuitive and insightful. She guides, inspires and empowers others to be their best selves. My experience of knowing her has enriched my life beyond measure." -President & Founder of an Executive Coaching & Training Company 
 
 
 "Dr. Daphne is a phenomenal coach. She is supportive and intuitive. You're guaranteed to leave your coaching session with golden nuggets to transform you at work and in your life. Her ability to put you at ease supports you looking at your unhealthy choices and decisions in a nonjudgmental way. This aids in the coaching experience. You can't go wrong with Dr. Daphne's coaching - she's #1." -Assistant Vice President of a children's non-profit organization 
 
 
 Please see website for additional testimonials.
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 
 I create strong, clear, trusting relationships with my clients. 
 
 
 I am a compassionate listener, and know how to leave room for silence. 
 
 
 I ask interesting, provocative questions that require my clients to question their be-liefs and look deeply into themselves. 
 
 
 I trust my intuition and will speak from my intuition when it will benefit my clients. 
 
 
 I create of process of accountability with my clients, so they each have a system to celebrate accomplishments and also to re-focus on challenging assignments that have yet to be mastered.
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 
 
 
 Knowledgeable about many issues due to my unique, multifaceted career and life experiences 
 Profound belief in your ability to achieve your goals which results in building your confidence in yourself 
 Extremely supportive 
 Compassionate 
 Excellent listening skills 
 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 
 Managers 
 Professionals including veterinarians 
 People looking for career transitions 
 Employees who want to advance their careers 
 People who want work/life balance
 What is your professional background? 
 
 I was fortunate to have a very unique career journey and I share a lot of my knowledge with others to assist them with their career goals. My veterinary career included working in small animal practice and working for a pharmaceutical company. I worked for and was mentored by the CEO/Chairman of that Fortune 500 Company. I ultimately became the Vice President of Diversity for that organization. After I left that company I started my own motivational speaking and coaching business to help people and pets have healthier, happier lives. I completed my training in an International Coach Federation accredited coaching training program (iPEC) and was certified at the Associate Certified Coach level by the International Coach Federation. I also received my Doctorate in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Florida College of Veterinary Medicine and my Bachelor of Science in animal science from Cornell University. 
 How can clients get started working with you as their coach? 
 
 Order Online  through our secure checkout: Click one of the Add to Cart buttons below 
 Order by Phone  : Call our ordering department toll free at 888-491-8833
 You will then be directly contacted by the head of the coaching program to select the right coach for you. 
 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
