Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Reservations Agent 
 Sandman Hotel Group 
 __Abbotsford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The Sandman Hotel Group is looking for a professional, positive, friendly Central Reservations Agent in Abbotsford with the ability and desire to "Work from Home." Join our 24-Hour call centre team of individuals who professionally service our guests with all their reservations needs and inquiries. Our company owns and operates over 45 Sandman Hotel Group and Sutton Place Hotel locations across Canada. 
 Join our team and enjoy the many benefits of working for Canada's fastest growing, privately-owned, hospitality Company- all at the comfort and convenience of your own home! This position includes a competitive employee compensation package, diverse employee schedules and internal corporate career advancement. If you are looking for a future career in hospitality, then The Sandman Hotel Group is for you. 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS: 
Must be able type 60 WPM minimum; Fast computer data entry skills. 
Required to work remotely from home upon completion of probationary period 
All necessary tools/hardware will be provided for each agent to perform their work duties, including laptop and phone 
Must have a quiet dedicated workspace at home 
Must have at home internet access 
Experienced with Microsoft Office applications Word, Excel, Outlook, etc. 
Must be able to multi-task with exceptional attention to detail. 
Previous experience in customer relations would be ideal, preferably in hotel reservations or front desk environment. 
Must have excellent command of the English language, knowledge of the French language is an asset. 
Must be able to commit to intensive full-time 3-week training 
Applicants must be flexible with work schedule. Position entails various shifts in a 24/7 operation, which may include weekends and holidays. 
 DUTIES: 
Ensure inbound calls are answered in a professional and courteous manner and established procedures are adhered to without failure. 
Ensure that proper selling techniques are utilized to sell all the properties. 
Ensure all paperwork reservations, emails, and faxing are completed or responded to in a timely fashion. 
Answering all inquiries pertaining to individual hotels; including room types, rate, facilities, as well as surrounding areas. 
Complete all duties as assigned by supervisors and managers 
Handling chain-wide loyalty program applications and processing applications. 
 APPLICABLE SKILLS: 
Excellent customer relations and typing skills with professionalism on the telephones. 
Must be detail oriented and have excellent organizations and time-management skills. 
Adaptable to change and be able to handle multiple priorities under pressure. 
Computer literate with knowledge of a variety of computer software applications. 
Familiarization with various property managements systems PMS i.e. Maestro PMS Northwind / Opera PMS Micros|Oracle would be an asset. 
Eager and focused to exceed guest expectations. 
 SUMMATION: 
Submission of resume does not guarantee an interview or an actual transfer. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, provided they meet the minimal requirements of the applicable skills required. You must be legally entitled to work in Canada to apply as the employer does not have a Labour Market Impact Assessment LMIA that would support a foreign worker. Applications will not be accepted via email or in person. We thank all applicants for their interest in Career opportunities with The Sandman Hotel Group, however, only those applicants we wish to interview will receive a reply to their application.** 
 ABSOLUTELY NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE 
 Sandman Hotel Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Sandman Hotel Group does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, provincial or local laws. Sandman Hotel Group takes seriously its obligations under the Human Rights Code. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
