  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home  
  Blog  
  Job Search  
 Seeking U.S. Employment? Tips for International Candidates 
 
 Seeking U.S. Employment? Tips for International Candidates 
 
 Suzanne Taylor 
 March 9, 2020 
 
 As one of the world’s largest economies, there are many job opportunities in the United States. The country is also a “melting pot” of many nationalities – from Armenian to Mexican and Korean to Nigerian. However, getting employed in the U.S. takes lots of planning and preparation. Here are some important tips if you are a non-resident seeking employment in the U.S. 
 1) Sponsorship, Sponsorship, Sponsorship 
 Your first step when applying to U.S. jobs is to identify an employer willing to sponsor a visa for a non-resident. There are a wide range of permanent and temporary visas depending on the type of work you want to do. For example, there are many temporary visas for those wanting to work in agricultural or hospitality industries. 
 H-1B visas are one of the most common types for permanent, full-time visas for employees. It is very important to check if an employer will sponsor non-residents when searching and applying for jobs. There are websites out there that specifically list employers who sponsor H-1B visas, and some job search sites will let you filter by employers who sponsor and those who don’t. Alternatively, you can check the company’s human resources webpage for more information or contact the company directly. 
 2) Curriculum Vitae, CVs, and Resumes: What’s the Difference? 
 There’s a good chance that, when you apply for a job in your home country, you must submit a Curriculum Vitae or CV. When applying for jobs in the U.S., the employer is most likely going to ask that you submit a  resume . A resume is a one- to two-page document outlining your education, work experience, and skills, and it is probably similar to what you might call a “CV” in your home country. However, in the U.S., a  CV  refers specifically to a much longer document used in academia and other niche areas. So, make sure to check out our resume samples and guides to make sure you’ve got the right document ready to go. 
 3) Your Education vs. U.S. Education 
 Before searching and applying for jobs, make sure you know how your education “translates” to U.S. standards. Job postings almost always list minimum education requirements, such as high school diploma, Bachelor’s degree, or Master’s preferred. So, you need to know how your degree, diploma, or certificate compares to these U.S. benchmarks, and you will likely need to justify why your degree is equivalent in the job application process. Many employers use screening software, and you don’t want your application getting automatically rejected because the software doesn’t recognize that you meet minimum education requirements. 
 If you find that you don’t have the minimum education for jobs you’re interested in, you may want to consider getting a degree from a U.S. institution. This is an attractive option for many international candidates because it not only gives you the qualifications you need, but there are special employment sponsorship opportunities for graduates of U.S. colleges and universities. 
 4) Cultural Differences: Interviewing and Beyond 
 Once you’ve made the commitment to apply for U.S. jobs, make sure you research expectations for interviewing, attire, salary negotiation, and more. Most U.S. employers really want you to “sell yourself” in your  application  and  interview , which may mean you need to boast about your skills and accomplishments more than is normal in your culture. 
 Many employers interview candidates over video first. Make sure that you are comfortable communicating in English through a streaming platform. 
 Ultimately, many of the job search strategies are the same for both U.S. residents and non-residents, so we hope you utilize our many resources on job applications, resumes,  cover letters , and interviewing. Good luck on your  job search ! 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 How to Play Up Your Skills on Paper  
 3 Steps to Convert a Job Search to a Marketing Campaign  
 
 Menu 
 
 Job Search  
 Networking  
 Cover Letter Writing  
 Resume Writing  
 Interviewing  
 Job Offer  
 Career  
 Update  
 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
