Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Content Creator 
 Metegrity 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Location:  Edmonton, AB, Canada 
 The content creator role supports the development of the customer education and enablement program that aims to promote customer retention and loyalty. This role works closely with the Customer Success Program Manager to create quality learning content and ensure clients have the tools and knowledge to effectively use Metegrity’s software products. 
 The Customer Education and Enablement program aims to support existing clients in on-going education on how to use Metegrity’s products, support sales and marketing initiatives to land more deals at a faster rate, and turn new customers into raving fans. 
 Success in this role requires previous experience in education development and/or content creation. The content creator will be skilled in collecting and organizing internal knowledge, and turning that knowledge into quality content (videos, training manuals, assignments, etc.). This role will largely be in support of Metegrity’s online learning initiative but will also support other business units like marketing and sales. 
 We are looking for an energetic individual who is passionate about teaching others through an online medium. As a strong technical writer, this individual will be responsible for creating and updating training manuals, writing social media posts and email campaigns, developing scripts for training videos, and other educational written content as needed. The successful candidate will also have an engaging presence that will translate through the camera in training videos. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
Supporting innovation in customer education and enablement 
Developing high quality written content (training manuals, online learning content, LinkedIn posts, etc.) 
Writing detailed scripts for training/marketing videos 
Recording and editing training/marketing videos 
Editing and reviewing other employee’s work for content and grammar 
Collaborating effectively with a dynamic team of professionals with the end goal of improving the customer experience 
Completing all assigned responsibilities within their respective deadlines 
Managing change internally and when launching new initiatives to clients 
Assisting in the creation of novel collateral for marketing communication of changing customer education opportunities 
Operating with excellent time management skills and professionalism 
Learning new information quickly and thoroughly 
 Minimum Requirements: 
A two-year diploma or four-year Bachelor’s Degree in Technology, Education, Marketing, or another relevant field 
Above average written and verbal communication skills 
Ability to work independently and in teams 
Strong time management skills to ensure deadlines are met 
Relationship development and Trustworthiness 
Interest in technology 
Computer Literacy 
Considered an Asset 
Oil and Gas industry experience 
Asset Integrity Management Experience 
Business Analyst Background 
Software experience 
Experience in online education (preferably software customer education) 
 Direct Reports: 
No direct reports 
 Working Conditions: 
On-site at the Metegrity office, f/t permanent 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
