[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 10 Work at home Jobs that Hire Fast 
 Published by  aw1219  on October 21, 2016October 21, 2016 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Have you ever applied to a work at home job and you never heard back from the company or it took almost 3 months or longer to get a response? Many of you have experienced this in the past or currently which can be very discouraging. Some of you have even decided to apply to other companies or work 2 or more gigs to fill in the gaps while you wait for that "one" company to let you know if you have gotten the position. Well, you don't have to wait that long anymore (unless you just want to) because there are a few companies that have a quick process when it comes to recruiting and approving applicants so that they can begin working and earning money online. Which ones are they? Just how long is the hiring process and many other details will be explained in this post. 
 Before you start applying, make sure that you have your  home office  set up with the proper equipment that you will need including but not limited to a computer, desk or table to work at, printer, headset and any other office supplies that you will need on hand. It is also important to have an up-to-date resume that you can send to potential employers. Save a copy of your  resume  to your computer file and/or a  USB flash drive  (just in case you get a virus on your computer or for back up) so that you will not have to spend the time creating one when you find a job that is of interest to you. This will save you some time, eliminate frustrations and delays so that you will be prepared and ready to go to work when you are offered the position. You can even purchase any of these items on Amazon and never have to leave your home. 
 10 Work at home Jobs that Hire Fast 
 
 Direct Interactions  - This company has call center work at home jobs for inbound and outbound telesales agents working full or part-time. You will need to be empathetic with good verbal skills. They offer hourly pay at a starting rate of $12 per hour plus bonuses. They hire agents every week! Absolutely no fees. 
 Clickworker  - This company has an ongoing need for people who live in the US and all over the world to complete tasks on their smartphone, computer, and/or laptop in data categorization, web search evaluation and so much more. No experience needed. Weekly pay via PayPal. 
 Humanatic  - Work from home using your smartphone, tablet or computer reviewing previously live recorded phone calls and sorting them into categories. It is a very easy work at home job that does require accuracy. The more efficient and accurate you are, the more you will earn. Application process takes less than 5 minutes to complete. Many are able to start working that same day or shortly thereafter. Weekly pay. Pays $1 for your first call. 
 Net Transcripts  - This company is seeking individuals to transcribe various audio content from home. You must have a 99% accuracy rating typing 80 wpm with excellent grammar and proofreading skills. Some openings may require previous experience. 
 Rev.com  - This company is always hiring freelancers to work from home transcribing audio and video files as well as other documents. They also have positions for those who can translate documents or captions from one language to another. You can choose your own work schedule and work whenever you want. Weekly pay via PayPal. You may hear back from this company in less than a week's time. 
 Teleflora  - This company offers temporary or seasonal assignments for home agents to enter customer orders into their system, assist with existing orders, troubleshoot and resolve customer concerns for individuals calling to place floral orders. This company does require that you work on holidays for around 20-40 hours per week. You will also need good typing and computer navigation skills. The interview process is fast and is not drawn out. They may not be hiring right now but expect to see job listings for this company in November. 
 Teletech  - Some remote workers have said that they have received a job offer to work from home for TeleTech in as little as 3 days. That is pretty fast! They hire home agents to assist their customers via phone, chat or social media. You can be just 17 and work for this company. To find out some other companies that hire teens to work from home, check out this post and visit this page. There is a learning curve if you have never worked in customer service before but a lot of people recommend this company as a great place to start if you want to work from home. You will need internet connection and a home phone. 
 Daily Transcription  - This company is constantly looking for remote workers who can type at least 50 wpm with excellent listening skills to listen to audio and video files transcribing them into text. They pay higher than some of the more popular work at home transcription companies. Must live in the US or Canada and pays every week via check in the mail. 
 Working Solutions  - This is a highly recommended work at home employer that has several work at home job leads in various departments taking inbound calls and emails from members regarding accounts, features, questions, etc. There are absolutely no fees that you have to pay to work for this company. You can apply within 2-3 minutes with any device whether it be a computer, tablet or smartphone. The entire process will take less than 45 minutes to complete. A recruiter will schedule an interview with you within 1-2 weeks of you completing all the steps in the application process. 
 Idiaul U  - This company has been known to hire virtual sales agents to help shoppers lower the overall cost of their homeownership or vehicle by pairing them with auto dealers, lending institutions, insurance agencies and other companies. I frequently post their positions on the  weekly job section  or  Friday freebie page  of this website. Some have commented that the application process took less than a week from start to finish and then they were offered a position to work from home. This company states you can make $300 to $1,000 a week from home. Read my full review about  IdialU here . 
 
 If you prefer some tasks that pay fast, check out some of my posts listed below. 
 
 20 Sites that pay daily 
 15 Cool Sites that will pay you $5 to Sign up 
 
 20 Smartphone Apps that will help you earn $100 
 Top 30 Survey Panels for Extra Cash 
 
 How to Make $10 a day Online 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  10 work at home jobs that hire fast remote jobs with a fast hiring process work at home companies that hire fast work at home jobs that hire fast 
 Tags:  remote jobs that hire fast remote jobs with a fast hiring process work at home jobs that hire in 2 weeks work at home jobs you can get fast 
           
 
 10 Comments 
   
 Internet of Things  * October 22, 2016 at 4:45 pm 
 Hey Workers on Board! 
 There are so many great jobs available to do from home. Due to the Internet of things and huge Internet availability, working from home is more common than ever before. 
 Dennis 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 Jenefir Lynn  * November 22, 2016 at 12:22 am 
 Hello, I am Working with VR for More than a Year. Its good company and pay rates are fine but Work is very Easy. If you are looking for a perfect work from Home Job. Go for it! 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 Kelly  * November 28, 2016 at 8:28 pm 
 Wow, that VOIP job sure sounds easy! It's the one phone job where you can be on the phone but don't have to TALK on the phone! LOL! 
Nice. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 ERICA  * March 26, 2018 at 8:42 pm 
 i would love the get in tought with VOLP I NEED A GOOD LINK TO GET A HOLD OF THEM. IT SEEMS LIKE A GOOD JOB. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 Jinell  * April 27, 2019 at 1:40 pm 
 Hi is there another link for VOIP? 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
   
 aw1219  * April 27, 2019 at 1:49 pm 
 I am so sorry. This company needs to be removed and replaced with another one because they are no longer in business. They did hire people for awhile to do this job from home but I can't find them anywhere online anymore. 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,475 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 %d bloggers like this: 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
