  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Barry, Wales 
 Rate:  Up to £10.55 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Part Time Support Officer 
 Service Care Solutions have an exciting opportunity for an administrative assistant to join 
the Family Information Service Team at Vale of Glamorgan Council as a Support officer. 
 This is a temporary, part time position for 21 hours per week (3 days a week) for an initial period of 3 months with a view to this being extended on a rolling basis. 
 We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can be part of a project team to support children with additional needs. 
 The role will involve: 
, Processing applications for childcare 
, Sourcing local childcare and agreeing placements between the childcare provider, parent and referring agency 
, Exploring options if a child needs additional support 
, Updating administrative systems 
 Ideally the individual will have knowledge of the childcare sector and will have experience in administration and skills in IT and communication. 
 This role will be predominantly based from home, so a suitable broadband connection is essential, as is the ability to work with limited supervision but plenty of support. 
 The benefits of working with Eilidh at Social Care Solutions: 
, You will receive a dedicated and personal consultant with a vast knowledge of social work 
, We are a nationwide supplier of Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities which 
means we have a wide variety of exclusive roles based all over the country 
, We provide frequent updates of new opportunities via text and email 
, We have an expert payroll service which is processed twice a week 
 At Service Care Solutions we also offer a £250 bonus for referrals! If you think you know someone who would be ideal for this role and they are placed in the job you will then receive £250 at the end of their probationary period. 
 To apply for this role, or to refer someone else, then please do not hesitate to email your CV to eilidh.nicol@servicecare.org.uk. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £10.55 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Barry, Wales 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Prison 
 Property Manager 
 Facilities Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Surveyor 
 Extra Care Scheme Manager 
 Band 7 Psychiatric Liaison Nurse 
 Highways Engineer 
 Highways Inspector 
 Highways Technician 
 Childrens Deputy Manager 
 New Owner Executive  
 Childrens Joint Commissioner, Lewisham 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
