Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Wildlife Biologist 
 WSP 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 WSP is one of the world's leading professional services firms. Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments. 
 We have over 48,000 team members across the globe. In Canada, our 8,000+ people are involved in everything from environmental remediation to urban planning, from engineering iconic buildings to designing sustainable transportation networks, from finding new ways to extract essential resources to developing renewable power sources for the future. 
 The excellence we bring to our work and to our workplace has been recognized far and wide. We’re among the LinkedIn Top 25 Companies two years in a row, one of the Top 100 Sustainable Companies in the World (and among the Top 10 in Canada), and we earned Platinum Elite Recognition through our participation in more than half of Canada's Top 100 Infrastructure Projects. 
 At WSP : 
We value our people and our reputation 
We are locally dedicated with international scale 
We are future focused and challenge the status quo 
We foster collaboration in everything we do 
We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable 
 Edmonton, AB 
 Overview of the Opportunity: 
WSP is currently seeking a Wildlife Biologist to join our Ecology department, located at our Edmonton office. Working under the general direction of the Ecology and EIA Team Lead, this position will be responsible for participating in wildlife related project field work. 
 Why choose WSP? 
 A Canadian success story - a company that grew from humble roots in Quebec to a global, multinational powerhouse with over 48,000 employees worldwide; 
Impact the world around you - from the environment to the highways, to the buildings and the terrain, WSP is the fabric of Canada; 
Outstanding career opportunities - we're growing and pushing ourselves every day to be greater than we were yesterday, for our employees, future employees, and our fellow Canadians, we're open to your ideas and trying new things that will challenge the status quo and raise the bar higher; 
A phenomenal collaborative culture and a forward-thinking workforce filled with genuinely good people who are doing humbly important work. Come find out for yourself what it's like to be a part of our journey. 
 #WeAreWSP 
 What you can expect to do here: 
You will be leading or participating in wildlife related field work 
You will be performing wildlife data analysis and management 
You will be Interpreting and assessing wildlife species habitat requirements 
You will assist in proposal writing, study design and implementation 
You will perform background research and analysis, including consultation with government agencies 
You will deliver high quality reports on time and within budget, drawing upon technical and scientific knowledge, training and experience; 
You will manage small to medium-sized projects, communicating with clients and reporting to senior staff 
You will work within a team environment and communicate effectively with all levels of staff 
You will be training and mentoring junior staff 
You will perform occasional field work and travel is required 
Other duties as assigned/required 
 What you 'll bring to WSP: 
A University degree (B.Sc or M.Sc) in Ecology, Biology, and/or other Biological Science 
Registered as a P.Biol. with the Alberta Society of Professional Biologists, or eligible for registration 
Minimum of 5-10 years of field experience is preferable 
Experience working in ecosystems within Alberta 
Wildlife identification skills and experience in designing and conducting field surveys in Alberta. Credible experience with breeding bird surveys in Alberta. Experience in amphibian and reptile survey techniques, and winter wildlife tracking. 
Willingness to work in the field, occasionally in remote locations and outside standard office hours 
Baseline reporting and environmental impact assessment project experience 
Understanding of application of federal Species at Risk Act and provincial Endangered Species Act 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision as well as within a team environment and under deadlines 
Excellent communication and organization skills 
Demonstrated technical writing skills 
Highly developed computer skills with Microsoft including Excel, and Word 
 Offers of employment for safety-sensitive positions involving fieldwork are contingent upon candidates being able to perform key physical tasks of the job as described in the job posting and interview. This may include the ability to work in a variety of environmental conditions, such as remote or isolated areas, working alone, and in inclement weather (within safe and reasonable limits). 
 WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. Only the candidates selected will be contacted. 
 WSP does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies. For more information please READ THE FULL POLICY. 
 WSP Canada Inc. 
 Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
