
 Golden Queries 
 Discussions for the Golden Years 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Is it just your job? 
 Jan  17 
 Have you ever worked for a company that gave you a job description when you hired on, continued to add responsibilities but rarely let you know how you were doing unless, of course, you made a huge mistake? In other words, if the job got done, no one said anything. They expected you to do it. After all, it’s your job. 
 Although most businesses are moving to correct this lack of communication with performance evaluations and other forms of recognition, most managers haven’t bought into the simple concept that regularly affirming good behavior means it will be repeated. It’s not rocket science, but they must figure they don’t have time to do anything but get widgets out the door. Maybe it’s a more difficult idea to grasp than you think because so few practice it or at least do it well. Many think this warm and fuzzy stuff does not belong in the workplace, but the funny thing is that affirming another person, even for regularly performed tasks, belongs everywhere. It builds relationships, and people from all walks of life will respond – though some to a higher degree than others. It will work at home with your spouse and kids, at school or work and even with strangers at the market. 
 Think about it. Most people don’t wake up in the morning planning to sabotage their day with misdemeanors. They like it when things go well, so they apply their energies in that direction. But if no one notices a job well done, some feel they have no reason to continue and will begin to slack off. It takes integrity to keep doing your best when no one seems to care, and honestly, you don’t see as much of this character quality as you used to. On the other side of the coin, if no one says that you’re doing something incorrectly, you’ll keep on doing it the same way as you have always done and again, quality will decline. Honest communication is necessary. 
 So how can you sincerely and genuinely affirm someone and make a difference? Catch them doing the right thing well – even if it is on their job description – and tell them so. Make sure to avoid generic sentiments like “way to go,” “good job,” or even “love, love, love it.” If they have done something outstanding, tell them specifically what it is you like and how it affected you. “Thanks so much for staying after hours to finish up that report so that it would be ready for the meeting in the morning. It calmed my jitters to know you had everything read,” means a lot more than “Thanks for the effort.” And guess what, the next time you have a project requiring a little extra effort, you know who will be willing to go the extra mile. 
 At home, cooking meals, doing the laundry, mowing the grass and repairing broken fixtures don’t just happen. A little appreciation and affirmation will go a long way with family members too. Again, be specific and explain how the effort added value. It’s also a great way to teach your kids without a long lecture. Ever wonder why they behave so well at someone else’s house – likely because someone there affirmed their good behavior. 
 Oops! I think I forgot to mention there might be a little side effect – no small print or hushed voice necessary. When you see the positive response in the other person, it will do something in your heart as well. You’ll feel good, deep down inside. You’re creating endorphins, and they're an excellent remedy for stress. Give it a try and let me know how it works for you. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on January 17, 2013, in  Business ,  Career ,  Communication ,  Self Improvement  and tagged  affirmation ,  behavior ,  business ,  communication ,  integrity ,  make a difference ,  managers ,  performance evaluations ,  recognition . Bookmark the  permalink .  4 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Can you develop claustrophobia from reading a book? 
 Reflection … a day late? -> 
 4 thoughts on "Is it just your job?" 
 
 Joe Quatrone, Jr. says: 
 
  January 18, 2013 at 8:36 pm  
 Excellent article! I appreciate you taking the time to remind me of the importance of affirmation and encouragement. I hope to do a better job pointing out the good in people after reading your post. 
 Here's a question: what if you realize the importance of affirmation and encouragement, and even give it out, but don't receive it in return? What might that indicate? 
 Reply 
 * [PQ](https://pbmarshall.wordpress.com) says:
 
  January 19, 2013 at 4:18 am  
 I'm thinking it could be a couple of things. The person may not receive affirmation often and does not know what to do with it or perhaps the person does not feel you're sincere. Trust building needed in both cases. What are your thoughts? 
 Reply 
   * Joe Quatrone, Jr. says:
 
  January 19, 2013 at 6:37 pm  
 I agree. The part about "sincerity" is really making me think. 
 
 PQ  says: 
 
  January 19, 2013 at 7:02 pm  
 Unfortunately we live in a superficial culture which does not help matters. Perhaps we, as the body of Jesus Christ, can do a better job of encouraging godly behavior. This is a huge responsibility as it also requires acknowledging and dealing with that which is not holy. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Keeping Busy 
 On Writers and Rhino Skin 
 The Unknown Soldier 
 What a difference 7 days can make! 
 Why is it we’re never happy? 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2017 
 April 2015 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Attitude 
 Baby Boomers 
 Business 
 Career 
 Christmas 
 Communication 
 Current events 
 Education 
 Fun 
 Gardening 
 grammar 
 Health 
 Marketing 
 organization 
 Patriotic 
 Philanthropy 
 Self Improvement 
 Spiritual 
 time management 
 Uncategorized 
 wellness 
 writing 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
