Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Part Sales 
 Voyageur Aviation Corp 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 Department:  Part Sales, Avparts 
 Location:  Ontario 
 Job Type:  Full-time, permanent 
 Deadline:  Until filled 
 
 Required to relocate to North Bay, ON * 
 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
The successful candidate will be responsible for driving business growth in all aspects of part sales. As an action-oriented Leader, the incumbent will excel at leading and maintaining a world class sales team to achieve strategic sales and revenue by successfully executing complex, multilevel sales campaigns within the target market. 
 REPORTING 
As a key member of the Part Sales team, the Director, Part Sales will report directly to the Vice President, Avparts. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Design and implement strategies and sales plan. 
Prepare accurate forecasting, effective management of specific projects and building/maintaining customer relationships. 
Accountable for development and achieving in forecast quarterly, annual & long-term goals. 
Attend industry functions, conferences, trade shows to promote Voyageur’s suite of services with emphasis on part sales, lease and consignment. 
Lead and mentor employees to achieve maximum performance and dedication. 
Lead the development/refinement of sales strategies and execute the tactical implementation of the plans to close/grow new major wholesale and retail accounts. 
Responsible for achieving sales and profitability goals. 
Develop and execute sales plan and devise sales strategies that maximize market penetration. 
Work with the Part Sales Managers to guide and build a well-trained sales force capable of building and maintaining high level relationships with key customers, gaining access to C suite engagement and selling and working on multi-department sales. 
Proactively review best practices to ensure competitiveness within a rapidly changing environment. 
Establish sales metrics, KPIs and develop/implement enhanced sales processes to monitor accurate sales funnels and forecasts. 
Utilize effective management processes, performance management & coaching approaches to improve performance. 
Develop and implementation Part Sales policies, standards and procedures ensuring consistency. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 10 plus years of experience in sales leadership positions. 
Bachelor’s degree in Business Management; MBA required. 
Experience working in aviation strongly preferred. 
Demonstrated leadership skills including; teamwork, planning, organization, communication and decision making. 
Ability to work effectively and collaboratively across the organization. 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
Voyageur offers employees and their families extensive benefits including: 
100% company paid benefits including extended health care benefits for dental and vision care, prescription medication, out-of-country insurance and more. 
Life and disability insurance. 
 Employee Share Ownership Plan (TSX:  CHR). 
Retirement pension plan. 
Employee assistance program. 
 OUR COMPANY 
Voyageur Aviation Corp. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Chorus Aviation Inc. (TSX: CHR), a company whose vision is to deliver regional aviation to the world. Voyageur is headquartered in North Bay, Ontario, Canada and operates under the core principles of comprehensive safety management, quality assurance, and clientdedicated solutions. Our services include: airline operations; aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul; aircraft part sales and logistics management; and aircraft leasing. These services provide an unparalleled suite of services for regional aviation clients across the globe. Voyageur prides itself in providing its employees with job security, competitive wages, health and retirement benefits, and a safe working environment. 
If you are excited by this opportunity and want to be a part of the Voyageur Team, please apply online by clicking the link below. 
Voyageur is an employment equity employer and we welcome all qualified candidates to apply. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
