Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Service Cashier 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Not just a job… 
 a community 
 a partnership 
 a team 
 You’ll experience them all at London Drugs. As one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most successful retail chains, we know what it takes to build a satisfying career. We are seeking innovative, customer focused people to join our team! We currently have opportunities for: 
 Sales Service (Cashier) 
 The Sales Service (Cashier) position is primarily responsible for processing sales transactions, handling general inquiries, general housekeeping, as well as other related customer service duties. 
 This position is key in the company’s ability to fulfill our mission statement, which is to provide a superior shopping experience every day. London Drugs places great value on the Sales Service position as it a primary source of contact with our customers. As such, previous experience in a customer service role will be an asset (consideration will be given to those applicants with related, non-work, experience). 
 In addition to the above duties, this is a customer service position which requires a great deal of customer contact. Accordingly, you must be able to work effectively in a fast paced environment while at the same time providing quality service in a professional, courteous, and helpful manner. 
 You will have a high degree of social skills (courteous, sincere, articulate, well groomed), combined with a high level of tolerance while interacting with the public, and a mature, positive and helpful attitude. 
 If you have good cash handling abilities, and are efficient and knowledgeable in cash register operations, scanning and bagging techniques, then we have the opportunity for you to excel! 
 We offer advancement opportunities through our promote-from-within policies, salaries commensurate with experience, as well as a comprehensive benefits program including: 
 Comprehensive, optional medical, dental, prescription drug and vision coverage for you and your family (Ensuring you and your family are taken care of) 
Company matched RRSPs (Helping you plan for your future 
Employee Discount Program (Sharing our success) 
Ongoing In-House Training & Education Courses (Lifelong learning) 
Employee Family Assistance Program (Free confidential counseling and support) 
Employee Recognition Program (Tangible rewards for great work!) 
Community Involvement (Giving back to our communities) 
 Applicants should be available to work a flexible schedule, Monday to Sunday. 
 If you possess the necessary skills and expertise and would like to join an exciting team of professionals, 
 Apply Now! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Be advised, London Drugs DOES NOT use third party recruitment services. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
