Toggle navigation 
 
 HOME 
 ABOUT US 
 HOW IT WORKS 
 FAQs 
 CAREERS 
 SUPPORT 
 SIGNUP 
 MY ACCOUNT 
 
 Trending Entry-Level Remote Jobs To Consider 
 January 14, 2021 
 COVID-19 is reforming how businesses operate. While the first wave of this virus has brought many problems, it has unveiled remote job benefits that were inconsiderable before. If you are a young graduate, you would have found yourself struggling and trying to get a job as soon as possible. 
 However, with the introduction of remote jobs, many people are getting employed in reputable companies. Remote jobs are here to stay for a long time, and many fresh graduates will benefit from it. The good news is that  77%  of telecommuters have reported being more productive. 
 To keep up with the current market, you will need to improve your skills. If you are willing to work, think outside the box and search for jobs that you think would be the most likely to hire you based off of your skill set. 
 Furthermore, you can get in touch with  Worktually  to help you grab an ideal remote job of your choice. 
 The Common Remote Jobs Of Today 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Scrolling through LinkedIn, you will find plenty of virtual assistant remote jobs. Many people hire remote assistants for different tasks. Virtual assistants have to perform numerous duties such as organizing files, answering emails, creating presentation material, making phone calls, or any other task assigned by the employer. 
 Usually, as a virtual assistant, you must have good communication skills, preferably in English. Moreover, you must have good management skills if you want to assist someone with their work remotely. 
 Content Writer 
 Do you know how to write compelling content? Are you good at communicating through your words? If yes, then content writing is the right job for you. It is another trending remote job that has numerous sub-categories. It can include writing articles, blogs, e-books, reviews, podcasts, social media content, SEO, and more. 
 Usually, the job is manageable if you have good typing speed and a knack for putting thoughts into words. However, entry-level jobs may not have an attractive salary. But, with time, your experience can be rewarding. Moreover, you can check out  openings at Worktually  and start working today. 
 Data Analyst 
 Depending on the nature of your work and the type of organization, a data analyst’s duties can vary. If you enjoy analyzing previous data and studying database systems, a data analyst might be the job for you. Various statistical tools and other related software are used to analyze the patterns in data. 
 Other skills that you will need to possess for this job are: 
 
 Data management 
 A programming language such as Javascript or XML 
 Segmentation 
 Data mining 
 DBMS 
 
 The annual salary for a data analyst can range from $90,000-$200,000. Lots of companies are hiring data analysts not only from their own state/country but also globally. Prove yourself to be a good analyst and start getting the necessary skills today. 
 Graphic Designer 
 Fiverr is filled with remote graphic designing jobs. If you know how to use different designing tools and software and have a creative side, you can create an amazing portfolio of designs on Behance. Moreover, you can land an amazing job that can be a strong foundation for your career. 
 The skills required for you to be a graphic designer are: 
 
 Experience in Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and Indesign 
 Familiarity with HTML 
 Creative skills 
 Problem-solving skills 
 Some previous experience would be plus 
 
 Data Entry 
 Data entry is a simple task. Most people can do it easily and earn good money doing it. Most data entry job responsibilities include: 
 
 Maintaining the database by updating information. 
 Remaining in touch with your employer about the latest entries. 
 Avoiding duplication of data 
 Maintaining data as per requirements 
 Having good typing speed 
 Having administrative skills 
 Time management skills 
 Responding to requests and calls 
 
 Get Employed With Worktually 
 There are numerous other options for working remotely.  Worktually  is an online platform that provides you with remote job opportunities. We are a one-stop solution for your virtual work needs. We help our global clients find the most suitable workers for their organizations. If you are looking to hire remote workers for your business or would like to apply for a remote job opportunity,  get in touch  with us today. 
 Start Building Your Way To Success With Remote Employees 
 Get Started 
 OR 
Call us:  1-844-947-HIRE (4473) 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 About 
 
  About Us 
 How it Works 
 FAQs 
 Our Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 Quick Links 
 
 Register as Employer 
 Register as Employee 
 Employer's Dashboard 
 Employee's Dashboard 
 
 Contact Info 
 
 info@worktually.com 
 1-844-947-HIRE (4473) 
 1-855-565-WORK (9675) 
 2104 Bell Tower, 10104 103 Ave NW, 
Edmonton AB, 
T5J 0H8 
 
 Copyright © 2021  Worktually . All rights reserved. 
