Top 
   
 Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workable Support 
 Job & Workflow Setup 
 Creating a Job 
 
 Recruiting for remote or work from home jobs 
 Nick DeSimone 
 
 January 14, 2021 16:25 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 All users   except Reviewers & External Recruiters 
 All plans 
 Important:  If your company is temporarily offering work from home and you are hiring remotely due to COVID-19 do not mark your jobs as remote. To find eligible candidates, advertise the job in your city so the new hire will be able to work from the office at a later time. See more details below 
 With Workable you can advertise jobs which may be fully remote or have work from home flexibility. 
 Follow these guidelines depending on the circumstances of the job you're hiring for. 
 Fully remote 
 The employee is not and will not be required to work from the company's office. They will permanently work from their own location. 
 Note:  Please keep in mind that remote positions are only eligible for sponsored postings on the job boards that Workable partners with, according to their  posting guidelines . 
 
 Include details in the job description
 
 “This is a remote position” 
 “Employees will be working remotely” 
 “Remote work allowed” 
 For free LinkedIn posts ("Limited Listings") include "#LI-Remote" for the post to receive a special remote label on LinkedIn 
 
 
 Set a location based on where the role should appear on job boards and your careers page. We recommend including a full location (with zip/post code) even for remote jobs as this improves visibility and exposure with candidates 
 Check the "Remote job" box when editing the job description 
 
 Temporary remote due to COVID-19 
 The employee will be working remotely due to COVID-19, but will be expected to report to an office or job site as social distancing restrictions are lifted. 
 
 Include details in the job description
 
 “Work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19” 
 “Work from home during coronavirus” 
 “Can start remotely due to COVID-19” 
 
 
 Set the location based on the office the employee will report to 
 Do  NOT  select the "Remote job" checkbox when editing the description 
 
 Work from home flexibility 
 The employee will have flexibility to work from home, but will be expected to report to an office or job site on a regular basis. 
 
 
 Include details in the job description 
 
 “Flexible work from home options available” 
 “Work from home days possible” 
 “Options for working from home” 
 
 
 
 Set the location based on the office the employee will report to 
 
 
 Do  NOT  select the "Remote job" checkbox when editing the description 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Was this helpful? 
 5 out of 6 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Submit a request 
 Related articles 
 
 Job board posting guidelines 
 Integrating with AngelList  
 Find more candidates and increase the visibility of your jobs  
 Workable Texting [Beta] 
 Integrating with McQuaig 
 
 Not using Workable yet?  Try for free , or  Talk to us .  Privacy Policy    Site Status 
