Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Parts Counter Person 
 Currie Truck Centre 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Currie Truck Centre- Barrie 
 Shift:  Days Plus rotating Saturdays (8am- 12pm) 
 Hours:  40-44 hours week – permanent, full time employment 
 Currie Truck Centre is currently searching for a highly motivated  Parts Counter Person  as we continue to grow in all locations. This position is responsible for providing superior customer service to internal and external customers by sourcing and filling medium & heavy duty parts orders; received over the parts counter, through the service shop, by e-mail, phone or fax. 
 The successful applicant will have 2+ years of experience with heavy duty truck parts, preferably in a dealership environment. Previous history in shipping / receiving is also an asset. 
 **Primary Duties & Responsibilities: ** 
 · Handle parts sales to customers & arrange for pickup/delivery 
 · Handle parts and core returns from customers 
 · Assist in loading & unloading of goods for shipping & receiving 
 · Receive and distribute incoming goods and materials as necessary, ensuring all packing slips and shipping documents are accurate, and that goods received are in saleable condition. 
 · Report all shortages/issues to management and claim for damages as applicable 
 · Maintain inventory control and report any discrepancies immediately to the parts manager 
 · Conduct inventory cycle counts as instructed 
 · Assist in dispute resolution with customers as required 
 · Represent the professional image of the company at all times, in all dealings with customers and staff 
 Qualifications: 
 · High school diploma 
 ·  2 + years’ experience with heavy duty truck parts 
 · Professional demeanor 
 · Efficient problem solving skills 
 · Efficient communication skills 
 · Ability to learn new technology 
 · Efficient Computer skills 
 · Driver’s License required 
 Work Conditions: 
 · Prolonged standing 
 · lifting, bending, twisting 
 · fast paced environment 
 We offer a Competitive compensation plan and Benefits. 
 Qualified applicants apply with a cover letter and resume, quoting position title. 
 We thank all applicants for their submissions, however only those chosen for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our customers and staff as safe as possible, we have installed clear plexie glass barriers at our Parts, Service and reception counters and provided masks, hand sanitizer and enhanced cleaning protocols. 
 Experience: 
 
 previous Heavy Duty Truck Parts: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
