Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Intern (805383) 
 MRKT360 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Digital marketing as an industry is growing significantly (9% growth rate even in COVID). 
* 
The demand for individuals and employees knowledgeable and skilled in this industry will only continue to grow. 
 The skill set of sales is invaluable for an individual. Whether you end up in a sales career or a different profession, communication, persuasion and the ability to solve problems will always be required. 
 The internship at MRKT360 will train and develop you in the following areas: 
 ✓ Knowledge of Paid Advertising (PPC, Google, Facebook, Instagram, Youtube ads) 
 ✓ Knowledge of SEO 
 ✓ Experience in creating a comprehensive marketing campaign for businesses. 
 ✓ The Psychology of Sales 
 ✓ Consultative Sales Approach 
 ✓ Digital Marketing Industry 
 The internship is a full-time, 3 month internship. There is an opportunity for the top performing interns to be selected into a full-time position afterwards with salary and residual commission. 
 MRKT360 is an award-winning marketing agency that has global clients and several locations around the world. MRKT360 is a Google Premier Partner (one of 1000 in the world), Facebook Premier Partner, Youtube Premier Partner. 
 MRKT360 is a growth focused business for both our clients and our employees. We are dedicated to ensuring that you are supported, challenged and grow in your role and your personal goals. 
 Who we are looking for: 
 ✓ A go-getter: you are motivated and committed to learning and growing. 
 ✓ Independent: you search for your own opportunities rather than waiting to be offered them. 
 ✓ Discipline: grit to ensure you follow through on your commitments and goals. 
 ✓ Integrity: you do what you say you’re going to do, when you say you’re going to do it. 
 If this describes you, please apply! 
 Reference ID: 8055383 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Expected start date: 2020-11-16 
 Job Types: Full-time, Internship, Commission 
 Salary: $0.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
