Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 <- Coming Up Next… 
 Shootout in Chinatown -> 
 December 5, 2011 * 10:38 am 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 The Book of Jobs 
 Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson (Simon and Schuster, $35.00, 656 pages) 
 " When Steve Jobs speaks, it is with the enthusiasm of seeing the future and making sure it works." Fortune magazine in the late 1970s 
 " I had a very lucky career, a very lucky life. I've done all that I can do." Steve Jobs 
 Steve Jobs  , the biography by Walter Isaacson (originally entitled,  iSteve: The Book of Jobs  ) is an engaging biography that's unique in that it allows us to get to know the man even more than the ultra-legend. This is the amazingly true story of the person who was given up for adoption at birth, and went on to run the most valuable company on the face of the earth. Although his contemporary and life-long rival Bill Gates outgained him in personal wealth, Jobs succeeded in earning the respect of both computer technology experts and the average consumer as the developer and producer of increasingly better, always innovative products. 
 Jobs and Gates were two of the individuals - along with Steve Wozniak - who were more or less present at the creation of the personal computer (PC) age. Jobs and "Woz" were original members of The Homebrew Computer Club, an informal association in Menlo Park that had a hundred or so members; a club that heard a presentation by a young Gates from the Seattle region.  The Whole Earth Catalog  was then popular (some of you will need to ask your parents about it), and Jobs was to adopt its motto as one of his guideposts in life, "Stay hungry. Stay foolish." 
 As Isaacson finely illustrates in this account, Jobs was never afraid to make mistakes with his early and later Apple Computer products - he was to learn and absorb valuable lessons from each of his mistakes right up to the time of "Antennagate" with the iPhone ("Has Apple's Self-Destruction Begun?" was one of the headlines critiquing Jobs' decision-making early this year). If Jobs had been a college football coach, he would likely have been one that rarely called for a punt on fourth down; he would have often elected to go for post-TD two-point conversions. When it came to beating his competitors, Jobs wanted to "leave no doubt." 
 " The journey is the reward." Steve Jobs 
 While this book is not intended to be a comprehensive account of the PC and Silicon Valley, it gives us just enough information to understand where Apple fit in among its hardware, software and search technology alternatives such as Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Compaq, Google, Oracle, Adobe and others. If you've read numerous histories of the era, you will likely be surprised to see how both Larry Ellison and Bill Gates come off as nothing less than gentlemen in this telling. Ellison was especially close to Jobs, even offering to buy-out Apple Computer after Jobs' ouster. But Isaacson is not afraid to show us that Jobs was a human with flaws. In addition to possessing a temper which he claimed to be unable to control, Jobs "tended to be generally dismissive of philanthropic endeavors." This was the case even though his wife founded College Track, an organization making efforts to help economically disadvantaged kids get into college. Jobs never visited College Track's after-school centers in the poor high schools where the program was (and is) located. 
 Like a hammer that sees everything in sight as a nail, Jobs also tended to view technology as the solution to every one of society's difficult problems… A very ill Jobs was to personally lecture President Obama on his view that all education should be digital and interactive (physical classrooms, teachers and whiteboards arguably being obsolete); though, in fairness, Bill Gates has made similar comments - some of which are quoted in  Steve Jobs. 
 Isaacson clearly and comprehensively makes his case that Jobs belongs up there with Edison and Ford as one of the greatest business leaders in American history. He was a visionary, a big picture guy who could also master the smallest details. He was a technological artist who was to identify with both fuzzy inventor-creators and detail-oriented engineers. And he always understood that a sharp focus is the basic key to leadership, "Jobs insisted that Apple focus on just two or three priorities at a time." 
 " …he was a brilliant guy with great design taste and great engineering taste." Bill Gates 
 One of Jobs' ultimate victories was the knowledge that his adopted father had become enormously proud of his successes and achievements. This fine and detailed account, an initial draft of history, well makes the case that Jobs (creator of the most successful ever consumer product launches) was a man of whom the entire world was proud. What he sought as his own less than humble legacy was to come true; he sought "…a legacy that would awe people. A dual legacy, actually: building innovative products and building a lasting company." 
 Steve Jobs - the man who saw the future and built it for us. 
 Highly recommended. 
 Joseph Arellano 
 This book was purchased by the reviewer as a Nook Book download. It is also available in hardcover form, as a Kindle Edition download, and in abridged and unabridged audiobook versions. 
 Note: According to this biography, Steve Jobs once met in the late 70s with a class of Stanford University students and showed them a prototype of a laptop computer. He informed them that this was the type of PC that Apple would be building and selling in the 1980s. And Apple did so. Years later, he told a different class at Stanford that they would one day be using PCs "the size of a book." And now we have 7″, 8.9″, 9.4″, 9.7″ and 10.1″ tablet PCs.  
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  1970s ,  1980's ,  A book review by Joseph Arellano: Steve Jobs ,  A book review site ,  abridged audiobook ,  Adobe ,  American history ,  Antennagate ,  Apple ,  Apple Computer ,  Apple Computers ,  Apple Inc. ,  Bill Gates ,  biography ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  California ,  College Track ,  Compaq ,  Cupertino ,  Dell ,  Dell Computers ,  Dylan Baker ,  education ,  Fortune magazine ,  futurists ,  geniuses ,  Google ,  Henry Ford ,  Hewlett-Packard ,  Inc. ,  inventors ,  iPhone ,  iSteve ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Larry Ellison ,  Menlo Park ,  Microsoft ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  Oracle ,  Palo Alto ,  PCs ,  personal computers ,  personal legacy ,  philanthropy ,  President Barack Obama ,  recommended books ,  San Jose ,  Seatlle ,  Silicon Valley ,  Simon & Schuster ,  Stanford University ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Wozniak ,  Steven Paul Jobs ,  tablet PCs ,  technological innovations ,  technology ,  The Book of Jobs ,  the future ,  The Homebrew Computer Club ,  The Whole Earth Catalog ,  Thomas Edison ,  unabridged audiobook ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wordpress book review site ,  Woz 
 <- Coming Up Next… 
 Shootout in Chinatown -> 
 One response to "  The Book of  Jobs " 
 
 LindyLouMac in Italy 
 
  December 5, 2011 at 11:55 am 
 An amazing man and I hope to read this sometime, having seen nothing but excellent reviews. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
