[email protected] 
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 FR 
 
 
   
 
 Solutions
 
 __Bulk Scheduling 
 __Time/Attendance 
 __Communication 
 __Rules & Compliance 
 
 
 Company 
 
 __Enterprise Process 
 __Why WorkAxle? 
 __Functionality 
 __Benefits 
 
 
 Industries 
 
 Hospitality
 
 Restaurants & Bars 
 Hotels 
 Retail 
 Events & Entertainment 
 Supermarkets 
 Travel 
 
 
 Enterprise
 
 Consulting 
 Service Providers 
 Distribution 
 Health Care 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 R&D Projects 
 
 
 Industrial
 
 Aerospace & Defense 
 Construction 
 Manufacturing 
 Metals & Mining 
 Oil & Gas 
 Public Sector 
 
 
 Other
 
 Agriculture 
 Call Centers 
 Education 
 Facility Care 
 Non-Profits 
 Volunteering 
 
 
 
 
 Demo 
 Contact Us 
 
 Select Page 
 WE'RE HIRING! 
 CAREERS 
 Are you a self-motivated, tech-savvy professional looking to solve real-world problems for large companies that power society? Send us your resume! 
 01. Passionate salespersons 
 Are you a resourceful professional with a desire to promote valuable software solutions to the companies that need them? We're always searching for sales representatives to help promote WorkAxle. 
 02. DEVELOPMENT PROS 
 Are you motivated by business development, growth and strategy? Does searching for and developing meaningful partnerships interest you? We're always looking for the next addition to our growing team of business development analysts. 
 03. SOFTWARE Savants 
 Are you passionate about programming and/or software design? Are you driven by technical challenges? We're always on the lookout for top software engineering and computer science talent. 
 NOT LIKE MOST TECH COMPANIES 
 We're growing at a healthy rate and we're focused on delivering  stellar solutions  to our clients. 
 What matters most to us is delivering excellence in performance, quality and service to our clients. We are a client-driven and client-sustained business. 
 We will never oversell a solution or dump unrealistic deliverables or targets on team members, since we believe this leads to poor outcomes for both staff and clients in the long-term. 
 We are not funded by VCs and do not operate in unsustainable ways. If this resonates with you, feel free to submit your resume via the live chat below. 
 We believe that education and autonomy are the key to employees flourishing in the workplace. We think this type of environment motivates our teams, increases workplace trust, happiness, engagement, creativity, and productivity. We understand that since results come from people, it only makes sense to take care of the person; results are a product, not the cause, of a company’s success. In addition, we believe that people can only perform at their best once their needs are being met. Therefore, most of our culture-defining characteristics as company are intended to help our employees reach their full potential. 
 Company Culture 
 At WorkAxle, we are greatly inspired by the  ROWE  (i.e. results-only-work-environment) philosophy. We believe that, in contrast to a traditional business model whereby employees are paid for their time worked (i.e. scheduled hours), employees should be compensated for the results they bring  .  We believe this model is conducive to the flourishing of employees, both personally and professionally; it enhances motivation, increases workplace trust, happiness, engagement, creativity, and productivity. 
 Under this model, employee autonomy, accountability and self-motivation are insisted upon: 
 
 Autonomy 
 We believe that freedom is the key to flourishing in the workplace; employees should maintain a significant measure of control over their work. 
 
 Accountability 
 Although employee autonomy extends to many aspects of the job, it must be limited when it comes to setting and defining results (i.e. what task(s) the company needs completing) and performance standards. These are determined by a council of peers (including the affected employee); in all cases, employees are given clear and measurable goals, as well as performance criteria. All staff are held accountable to these results and performance standards by themselves and by their peers. 
 
 Self-motivation 
 Highly autonomous work carries with it the responsibility to motivate oneself. Without motivation, nothing can be accomplished. At WorkAxle, we expect employees to be able to motivate themselves. 
 Mark Methot (left), Mat Diab (middle), Chris Defour (right) 
Co-founders at WorkAxle Inc. 
 Although we are driven by results, we recognize that results come from people; thus, the individual should be the focal point of any workplace. Since results are a by-product of employee effort, it only makes sense to take care of the individuals producing them. Therefore, the focus is put first and foremost on the individual; results will never be sought after if they’re coming at the professional and/or personal detriment of employees.In addition, we believe that people can only perform once their needs are being met. Therefore, most of our culture-defining characteristics are intended to help our employees meet these needs. Employees are an investment, not a cost to be minimized. 
 WHY WORKAXLE? 
 WorkAxle Perks 
  
 REMOTE WORK 
 Work from home or come into the office. We care about results, not where you are sitting when you are working. 
  
 FULL-TIME OR PART-TIME 
 Depending on role, we offer flexibility in terms of part-time or full-time work. 
  
 MARKETING TRAINING 
 We provide all of our new hires an introduction in modern marketing so that they feel empowered to help out. 
  
 SALES TRAINING 
 We teach all of our new hires the basics of selling. We believe every member should understand how to sell a solution, as well as respond to client needs. 
  
 ENTREPRENEURIAL TRAINING 
 Every team member goes through a 9-week period of entrepreneurial learning to ensure an autonomous work culture. 
  
 TECHNICAL TRAINING 
 We believe our engineering and business development teams should be strongly synergistic. To achieve this, everyone receives basic technical training. 
 Request Quote 
 
 FULL NAME* 
 
 First Last 
 
 
 BUSINESS EMAIL* 
 
 
 PHONE NUMBER* 
 
 
 COMPANY NAME* 
 
 
 Job Title* 
 
 
 NO. OF EMPLOYEES* 
 
 
 NO. OF LOCATIONS* 
 
 
 MESSAGE 
 
 
 CAPTCHA 
 
 
 WorkAxle is Trusted by 
 or Schedule Demo 
 Policies 
 Code of Conduct 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Learn 
 Blog 
 Help Center 
 Project Methodology 
 Mobile Apps 
 iOS App 
 Android App 
 Discover 
 Payroll Slippage Calculator 
 Careers 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
 
 © 2020 WorkAxle. All Rights Reserved. 
