Skip to content 
 
 Lifestyle Architect 
 Your life, Your choices 
 Menu 
 
 Templates for Success 
 Ideas to Implement 
 Get the Podcast! 
 Making your Moments 
 Quote it! 
 Welcome to the LA Tribe! 
 
 The Mid Career Slump 
 The ‘mid-career slump’ is effectively that sudden realisation that what you do has absolutely no value to you, your last reserves of passion for the work have long since dried up and you are effectively bored. 
 unsplash-logoJC Gellidon 
 We can guarantee that practically everyone has been here, you are not alone. So aside from feeling solace in numbers, what can you do? 
 Now, we are not going to tell you to just sack everything in, move to a different country and set up a beach bar. Although certainly an option, let’s face it, it isn’t realistic for the many of us who have wound up with not only financial demands but also emotional - be that pets, families or significant others. 
 Realistically the older we grow, the deeper our roots do. 
 So what to do to avoid sinking into the depths of despair to eventually resurface, having succumbed to our passionless fate? Yes I am being a little hyperbolic there but you get my gist. 
 The thing that most of us forget, is that we are not just our jobs. Although most of our time is spent in whatever role we currently occupy, we are in fact far, far more than that. 
 
 unsplash-logoLaurenz Kleinheider 
 
 So… have you ever thought of first looking at how you can re-inspire yourself outside of work? 
 Read below for our top ten ways to beat the mid-career slump and reignite your passion in the office starting from your free time: 
 Leave your phone at the door 
 Well not exactly because either you are going to tread on it or someone might steal it, but you get what I mean. If your anything like us you will spend the whole day on a screen - computer, phone, TV. 
 Don’t spend your whole evening in one too. Break up the monotony and you give yourself space for change. 
 On top of that, if your the kind of person who trails through social media looking at how much everyone else is living in their curated feeds full of only their best moments … a. its not realistic and b. it is not going to make you feel good about yourself. 
 Check out our blog about the millennial disease 
 unsplash-logoPaul Hanaoka 
 Join A Secret Society 
 Rosicrucian’s, Masonry, research mythology, read philosophy - nothing drowns out the existential pain more than when you can make it feel insignificant in the grander scheme of things. 
 Get Outside 
 Walk, jog, pack a picnic, sit in the grass and make daisy chains if you want just get down with nature. This is reality. 
 unsplash-logoKeghan Crossland 
 Replace Coffee With Decaf 
 Trust us, the more stimulation you have, the more your mind is going to keep whirring on its main preoccupation - namely your dissatisfaction. 
 Get off the stimulants and learn how to take a step off the hamster wheel. 
 Plan fun things to do 
 Do something outside the norm, be silly, find somewhere you can dance like nobody is watching, create memorable moments in your free time. And its not just the moments themselves, but the planning, getting your friends involved and feeling that anticipation of what you are going to do - its exciting before your event there. Trust us, we do it all the time 🙂 
 For ideas check out  Making your Moments 
 Passively Job Hunt 
 Put your cv in a job board, then don’t think about it. When your phone starts ringing with people who value your skills, it is going to make you feel good. 
 This doesn't mean you need to jump and suddenly switch up your career - that might not actually be what you need. See this as more of a self confidence game. 
 Nothing beats feeling in demand and putting yourself in a position where you have choices - whether that is to stay in your job or to move on to other pastures. 
 
 unsplash-logoyoav hornung 
 
 Start A Project 
 A long term project that you can watch grow that is extremely fulfilling. Its how LifeStyle Architects was born. It could be a website, a vegetable patch, an online course or a side hustle like dropping shipping a product you absolutely love. Learning about something, building and maintaining it then looking at how you can optimise, is a great way to not only stimulate your mind but also get excited about your mini milestones - completely away from your day job. 
 And its all about what you think will get you passionate. Grow a vegetable patch, create a YouTube Channel, start a side hustle like drop-shipping a product you love, enrol on an online course …. Plan, develop and execute. 
 Do you have any other ideas? We love to share other inspirational stories - comment, hook up with us on social media and let us know! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Ideas to Implement  | Tagged:  career ,  depression ,  job ,  lifestyle ,  work ,  worklife 
 Post navigation 
  The Inspiration Behind One of America's Top Performance Coaches 
 The Millennial Disease  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Social 
 
 View jessiepengilly's profile on Facebook 
 View @jessiepengilly's profile on Twitter 
 View jessiepengilly's profile on Instagram 
 View jessiepengilly's profile on Pinterest 
 [View Jessie Pengilly's profile on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jessie Pengilly/) 
 View jessiepengilly's profile on YouTube 
 [View Jessie Pengilly's profile on Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/0/+Jessie Pengilly/) 
 
 Goodreads 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
