Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 English 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (533) 
 IT & Programming  (204) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (65) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (131) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (39) 
 Sales & Marketing  (42) 
 Customer Service  (8) 
 Finance & Accounting  (16) 
 Others  (28) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (533) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (161) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (139) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (59) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (31) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (34) 
 Not Sure  (109) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (533) 
 Featured  (32) 
 Full Time  (4) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 English Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 14 of 14 results ) 
 English 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Academic writing  
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 08th Mar 2021  17 Proposals 
 Hiring experienced writers for completing assignments, essays, case studies and research papers. Writers with 1+ years experience can contact. Regular payments will be promised with bulk of assignments. 
 Hiring experienced writers for completing assignments, essays, case studies and research papers. Writers with 1+ years experience can contact. Regular payments will be promised with bulk of assignments. 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  English ,  Grammar 
 Client:  aarti13  ,  India 
 Funny Quotes - Creative and Smart Writer 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Web Content  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 07th Mar 2021  13 Proposals 
 Hey writers, I own an Instagram page that is associated with my E-commerce business. The page is about funny quotes and I need someone who has a good sense of humor and can make these quotes for the long term. It'... 
 Hey writers, I own an Instagram page that is associated with my E-commerce business. The page is about funny quotes and I need someone who has a good sense of humor and can make these quotes for the long term. It's a very fun job, and it's definitely not that hard. It also doesn't take much time so you can do it as a side hustle. Anyone who is interested, just ping me back and we'll discuss this further. 
 Skills:  Creative Writing ,  English ,  Grammar ,  Online Writing 
 Client:  mohnishmsu962000  ,  India 
 Document alignment 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Reports  Posted: 19th Jan 2021 Ends: 05th Mar 2021  6 Proposals 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM... 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM, Nursing, General Operations, HR, Hospital Engineering Services and Biomedical Team etc. Proofreading and corrections have been done to meet the international language standards. This project would be for the next 2 months minimum and further extended basis the deliverables that span out from the project. The task is to align all the documents with reference to the guidelines and SOP format which will be shared. The document has already been vetted, alignment also to an extend has been done. We would want you to review the documents /files that will come in the form of Word Document/ Excel File / Project Report etc to be fine tune and aligned. Do let me know if this excites you and if you would be willing for this assignment. We would prefer to have someone who would be able to churn the documents in a quick turnaround time. Please share your profile and the work engagement model how we could take this forward. 
 Skills:  Medical Writing ,  English ,  Editing ,  Academic Writing ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  sid.maths 
 Need an experienced writer for our team - Read carefully and apply 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 15th Jan 2021 Ends: 01st Mar 2021  22 Proposals 
 Blindly bidding on the job without reading completely will end up in rejection. Our team is looking for an experienced writer who can dedicate 4-5 hours a day when required. At times when the work is slow, lesser numb... 
 Blindly bidding on the job without reading completely will end up in rejection. Our team is looking for an experienced writer who can dedicate 4-5 hours a day when required. At times when the work is slow, lesser number of hours is fine. 1- No grammatical mistakes in the content is expected. 2- Should be able to write on all niches including - Travel, dating, Home improvement etc. If you have any issues writing for dating niche, no need to apply. Its better to let those apply who do their work professionally. Ours is mostly non technical and hence we do not need technical writers. 3- Should be able to take up work from the team responsibly and deliver on time. 4- No teams or freelance companies who outsource the work to others. A big no from my side. Only individual freelancers apply. 5- If you have too much time constraints and are busy with already existing work, please excuse but we need more hours when needed. 6- The prices do vary a bit between 20-30 ppw paid weekly. 7- Since the work volume is high, we need consistency. 8- Non plagiarised content. If you think you match up all these requirements, do send us some of your published urls or writing samples. Also mention your charges in the bid. 
 Skills:  Grammar ,  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  English 
 Client:  punefirst  ,  India 
 Female Voice Artist 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Translation  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  23 Proposals 
 Hi, Looking for female voice artists for English and Hindi. Thanks. 
 Hi, Looking for female voice artists for English and Hindi. Thanks. 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  eBooks ,  English ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  ranjeetam  ,  India 
 Content Translation 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Technical Writing  Posted: 11th Jan 2021 Ends: 25th Feb 2021  30 Proposals 
 Hindi to English translation, Good communication in english & Hindi, 
 Hindi to English translation, Good communication in english & Hindi, 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  English 
 Client:  joeraju 
 Academic Writers required 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 10th Jan 2021 Ends: 24th Feb 2021  26 Proposals 
 Hi, We require 5-6 academic writers on freelance/full-time basis. The writer needs to provide plag-free and grammatically correct content. Please apply only if you are committed to working and delivering minimum 5-10 ... 
 Hi, We require 5-6 academic writers on freelance/full-time basis. The writer needs to provide plag-free and grammatically correct content. Please apply only if you are committed to working and delivering minimum 5-10 pages/day. Knowledge of APA formatting will be preferable. The payment will be 35paisa/word or 90-100rs/page. Thus, people who are comfortable with the payscale should only apply. Those who want to work on full-time basis can also apply. Freshers are welcome. The payscale for full-time can be discussed later. Please apply with a sample. Thank You 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  English 
 Client:  sprakash17  ,  India 
 Content Writer 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Blog Writing  Posted: 04th Jan 2021 Ends: 18th Feb 2021  30 Proposals 
 Content Writer Job Description: 1. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 2. Experience in content writing and copywriting/ creative writing. 3. English Honor's graduation is preferable. 4. S... 
 Content Writer Job Description: 1. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 2. Experience in content writing and copywriting/ creative writing. 3. English Honor's graduation is preferable. 4. Should be able to ideate, research, and come up with the monthly content calendar. 5. Should be able to think and present content from a consumer perspective that helps in increasing CTR and increase in time spent on the website. 6. Should have at least 2 years of core content/ copywriting experience. 7. Should be able to work as per the deadlines and think on the feet. If you want to see a blog sample in it, you can visit our website https://www.kitchengirl.in/ 
 Skills:  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  English ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  ankitthakur25  ,  India 
 Looking for writer who can write content in Great English with no errors. 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 25th Dec 2020 Ends: 08th Feb 2021  43 Proposals 
 Only apply if you have the research skills because this project demands lots of research before you start writing! We are back with opportunities for the writers who can write the articles without any grammatical erro... 
 Only apply if you have the research skills because this project demands lots of research before you start writing! We are back with opportunities for the writers who can write the articles without any grammatical errors. We need writers to write articles/blogs on the automotive niche. If you are interested in this job and can deliver one article of 2000 words per day then apply for the job. We are willing to pay 50 PPW. Payout will be increased in the upcoming months depending on the Quality you provide to us. The content should be unique and should be free of grammatical errors. Every article will be passed through Copyscape to check its uniqueness. I will be giving you Titles and the focus keywords to write the articles. If you think you can write articles considering all the pre-requisites then apply for this job and we will contact you shortly with details for your first sample work. Please apply only if you are fine with the rate per article. 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  Creative Writing ,  English 
 Client:  bhavleen12345  ,  India 
 Promotional and Web content Work 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 20th Dec 2020 Ends: 03rd Feb 2021  30 Proposals 
 Our on going Web content and some Promotional writing need experience Minds to work On writer Must be able to deliver the work on Time Work should be Plagiarism and Grammatical error free. Budget is fixed to 0.25pp... 
 Our on going Web content and some Promotional writing need experience Minds to work On writer Must be able to deliver the work on Time Work should be Plagiarism and Grammatical error free. Budget is fixed to 0.25ppw ..Only Bid if you agree. 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing ,  Academic Writing ,  English 
 Client:  kapil.k90  ,  India 
 TFCC  
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 15th Dec 2020 Ends: 6 days   8 Proposals 
 wealth management, capital advisory, capital management, capital investment , foreign direct investment, Trade , project financing, innovation platform. 
 wealth management, capital advisory, capital management, capital investment , foreign direct investment, Trade , project financing, innovation platform. 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  English ,  Financial Writing ,  Legal Writing 
 Client:  karthikswamy04 
 Looking for Blog Posting Writers - 300 Blog Posts Per Month 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 14th Dec 2020 Ends: 5 days   74 Proposals 
 We are looking for experienced content writers who can handle 300 blog postings per month related to any niche. Content Should be 100% original and unique. Content Length should be up to 500 words/blog. We will p... 
 We are looking for experienced content writers who can handle 300 blog postings per month related to any niche. Content Should be 100% original and unique. Content Length should be up to 500 words/blog. We will pay 250 Rs/Blog. If you are agreed with pricing only please contact. Long-term and ongoing job. 
 Skills:  English ,  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  mithunraj  ,  India 
 Software product HELP file Writing 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  User Guides & Manuals  Posted: 11th Dec 2020 Ends: 2 days   11 Proposals 
 We are looking for an experienced person to write the HELP file for a practice management software. This process can take upto 3 - 6 months. Excellent English and prior experience in writing help files / user guide... 
 We are looking for an experienced person to write the HELP file for a practice management software. This process can take upto 3 - 6 months. Excellent English and prior experience in writing help files / user guides is a must. Please apply with links to previous work. 
 Skills:  English ,  User Guides 
 Client:  mantrancontent  ,  India 
 Need interpreter in English to Tamil through conference phone call  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Translation  Posted: 11th Dec 2020 Ends: 2 days   8 Proposals 
 Hello Everyone! I need an interpreter in English to Tamil through conference phone call. Duration of the call is minimum 15 to 30 minutes. Is there any body interested ping me with your phone number and email ID . ... 
 Hello Everyone! I need an interpreter in English to Tamil through conference phone call. Duration of the call is minimum 15 to 30 minutes. Is there any body interested ping me with your phone number and email ID . Note:- Must Fluently in English & Tamil (Apply Tamilnadu People Only) 
 Skills:  English 
 Client:  vijay2020 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
