Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Unhappy at work  / Fed Up With All the Things My Job Doesn't Have! 
 Fed Up With All the Things My Job Doesn't Have! 
 By  Ronnie Ann   Leave a Comment 
 Closely related to focusing on  the whole vs the parts , is the tendency to look at all the things your job doesn't have. My Chips Ahoy doesn't taste like an Oreo. It doesn't have ice cream on top. And it doesn't make music and dance. Most of all, it doesn't come attached to a thousand dollar bill. 
 And after a while, the list of "doesn'ts" goes on and on: 
 
 my boss doesn't pay me enough 
 this job doesn't have enough opportunities 
 the work I do doesn't fulfill me 
 this job doesn't really matter 
 my boss doesn't appreciate me enough 
 my coworker doesn't have a useful thought in his head 
 the office doesn't have good vending machines 
 why doesn't anyone ever clean up after themselves 
 
 When doing the doesn'ts kicks in 
 When we first take the job, we feel excited by all the possibilities. The salary sounds good to us. The office is in a convenient location. The coworkers are nice people. And the job itself has some interesting responsibilities. 
 But then the dreaded doesn'ts take over. And the isn'ts. The job isn't important enough. My salary isn't as much as Sally makes. The work isn't exciting on a daily basis. It isn't what I always dreamed of. 
 Next, we talk to our friends and co-workers about what our job doesn't have. And, as we start to list all the doesn'ts and isn'ts, in a strange way we begin to take pleasure in our own misery. Suddenly what we thought of as a pretty good job turns into something we resent. 
 And we start asking ourselves why we're even staying. Then, when our friends hear how miserable we are, they help encourage us to leave. Because from our descriptions the job sounds horrible. And the bad far outweighs the good. But does it really? 
 Let's zoom in on those "job doesn't have" weights 
 In math, there's a concept called weighting that allows us to give a certain weight to each part of a formula. In effect, when we play the “doesn’ts” game, we assign heavier weights to the things we find wrong. And lighter weights to all the good things. 
 And when we do that, the job does feel wrong for us. Just look how much heavier all the doesn'ts are. And how long the list is. In fact, the scale is probably going to tip over! 
 But what if we reworked the formula to assign heavier weights to some of the things we originally thought were pretty good? And what if we spent some time adding in the possibilities that we aren't able to see when we spend so much time looking at what the job doesn't have? 
 Now let's use a lens to zoom out again 
 When we pull back from the super close focus and give some perspective to the situation, the picture starts to change. This isn't easy, especially if you've devoted a lot of energy to thinking about the doesn'ts. What the job doesn't have can feel huge when it's all you think about. 
 But, as I discuss in the article about the whole vs. the parts, we need to begin to focus on what really is there. And what we actually do have. This won't make the bad parts of your job suddenly disappear. It just helps put everything back into proportion. 
 And it enables you to shift your focus toward making your job better. Not just coming up with more and more things that add to your misery. But you can only do that if you learn to zoom out and see the whole picture. The good as well as the bad. And this time giving enough weight to the "does haves." 
 Or the might haves if you put your mind and energy toward that! 
 Some articles with tips to help 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 Workplace Solutions: The Whole vs The Parts 
 Workplace Culture: Putting a New Perspective To Work 
 ⇒ EVEN MORE Workplace Solutions 
 And just in case you do need to leave 
 ⇒ How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Unhappy at work 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
