Skip to content 
     
 Words Sweeter Than Honey 
 Menu 
 
 Faith 
 Home Life 
 Dating 
 Marriage 
 Motherhood 
 Self-Esteem 
 Finding Joy 
 Archives 
 
 
 Lessons from Job 
 Published on  November 29, 2015December 13, 2017  by  Brandi 
 I briefly mentioned in my last post ("Journaling Through Life") that I was near the end of the book of Job - I also admitted that it has been the most difficult book in the Bible for me to read so far. So here are three things I learned from Job. 
 Throughout the book, Job has been struggling with his circumstances and his friends aren't giving him the best advice in the world, but in chapter 38, God speaks. The Lord pretty much brings it back into perspective that He is God and Job is not, and it humbled Job - and me, too. Too often we get caught up in our problems and slowly the center of our universe starts to shift from being God to being ourselves, and no wonder we become miserable!  We were not created to be self-centered beings, we were created to be God-centered.  At the end of the day, no matter what we are going through, God is still God and He is worthy and deserving of our praise. Psalm 99:3 says "Let them praise Your great and awesome name— He is holy." We praise God not because we always feel like it, but because He is deserving of it. 
 Alongside Job 38, a verse in chapter 42 really struck me. Verse 5 says "Before I knew only what I had heard of You, but now I have seen You." Job finally experienced God for himself, and that's the thing, you can tell someone about God all day long, but until they experience Him for themselves, there won't be a heart change. I'm not saying don't tell people about God, actually I'm saying quite the opposite: **let people experience God 's love and goodness through you. **Love people without limits. Speak life into people. 
 Let yourself be humbled like Job. Don't refuse correction. Don't let your heart become hardened towards God when He convicts you.  Have the boldness to admit that you are wrong. 
 Even when you're struggling with God's Word, expect Him to show you things. He will. 
 Photo Credit:  Colin Carey 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  Faith •Tags  Bible ,  Bible Study ,  Christ ,  Christian ,  Christian Living ,  Christianity ,  God ,  Holy Spirit ,  Jesus ,  Job ,  Love ,  Praise ,  Prayer ,  Scripture 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Journaling Through Life 
 Next The Most Important Choice 
 One thought on "Lessons from Job" 
 
 Pingback:  If We're Honest - Words Sweeter than Honey 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Hello, friends! Welcome to Words Sweeter Than Honey where the conversation centers around faith, family, and living a life of love. Thank you for stopping by! 
 Follow Words Sweeter Than Honey on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 How sweet Your words taste to me; they are sweeter than honey. 
 Psalm 119:103 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets  Search for: 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why Banning Abortions Isn't Going to Solve the Problem (And Some Ideas on What We Can Do Instead) 
 Joy in 2019 
 Choose to Show Up 
 My First Month as a Mom 
 You Must be 90 Pounds Soaking Wet 
 
 "Today is a wonderful day. I have never seen this one before." -Maya Angelou 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
