Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Compliance & Audit Analyst 
 Inter Pipeline 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 We are a major energy infrastructure business that has experienced tremendous growth over the past decade. This growth has provided our employees with stability, positive challenges, new career paths and opportunities to work in a dynamic team environment. As one of Alberta’s Top 75 Employers we are proud to say no matter where your role at Inter Pipeline may lie, you are provided ample opportunities for valued contribution and innovation, with a strong emphasis on employee growth. 
 Located out of our Calgary office, the individual in the Compliance and Audit Analyst role will report to a Supervisor of Compliance or Internal Audit, within the Tax & Finance Department. The Compliance and Audit Analyst will be part of an integrated team with duties and responsibilities with respect to Compliance (CSOX), Internal Audit and IT Controls assessments. 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in accounting. 
One or more relevant professional certifications (i.e. CA, CPA, CIA, CISA) 
 Experience: 
A minimum of four years audit experience at a Canadian or US public accounting firm is required. 
Prior experience in midstream, NGL extraction, crude oil optimization, petrochemicals, or energy trading experience will be an asset. 
Prior experience with SAP/Oracle procure-to-pay processes, IT General Control evaluation, or Vendor Audit will be a significant asset. 
Strong knowledge of IFRS. 
 Skills : 
Strong organization and follow up skills including the ability to handle competing priorities and meet all deadlines and commitments. 
Ability to flourish in a fast-paced, complex environment and willing to adapt to change. 
Ability to give and follow instructions accurately and efficiently; proactive in asking clarifying questions to ensure work effort is directed wholly toward desired outcome. 
Solid understanding and ability to apply risk and control concepts. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with excellent or developing negotiation skills. 
 Key Activities and Responsibilities: 
Conduct or assist in the planning and completion of Compliance, and Internal / IT Audit activities. 
Discussion and documentation of business processes, ensuring completeness and accuracy. 
Identify and communicate issues raised, offering recommended solutions relevant to business and risk. 
Develop and execute audit programs and testing procedures relevant to risk and test objectives. 
Obtain and review evidence ensuring audit conclusions are well-documented. 
Ensure adherence at all times to all applicable department and professional standards. 
Perform other related duties as assigned. 
 Hours: 
Full Time, Monday to Friday 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
