Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job interviews  / Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 By  Ronnie Ann   15 Comments 
 I get all kinds of questions about thank you notes to send out after a job interview. "What should I say in my job interview thank you letter?" "Do I even need to send a thank you after my interview?" 
 Good questions. Glad you asked. More of your questions: When do I send the thank you note? To whom do I send it? And please please please, Ronnie Ann,  precisely what words should I use in my thank you letter  even though you don't know anything about me or the company? 
 So in response, I offer the following "secrets": 
 Five secrets of job interview thank you letters 
 I think most of this is about the nervous feelings we get after an interview. Once the job interview is over, it's out of our hands and we don't like that. So, as normal human beings, we want to take action -- hopefully something that will increase our chances of getting the job. 
 And we focus on something we can control and decide if we write the  perfect   job interview thank you letter  , we will strengthen our chances of getting the job. Well, maybe yes and maybe no. 
 Thank you letter secret #1 
 If I don't like you, no thank you letter will help. If I really like you, I won't hold the lack of a thank you letter against you. 
 Surprised? 
 I've looked at lots of job interview advice sites, and some of them make it sound like the interview thank you email (or snail mail) is the be all and end all of the job interview process. It isn't. I've hired folks who  never sent a thank you note . 
 Now it's true I usually mention sending them myself on this blog, mostly to give folks something to do. But also because it shows something about you. Still, in all likelihood, the mere act of not sending or sending a thank you letter won't lose you the job or get the job for you. 
 EXCEPTION:  There are a few folks who may actually use the lack of an interview thank you note to help them exclude candidates. As I see it, this is lazy, small-minded, and might lose a person a good candidate. But also a reason to err on the side of better safe than sorry. 
 Thank you letter secret #2 
 So does this mean you shouldn't send one? No. It's smart to send one. Why? Because (as I mention above) you may be dealing with someone who is a stickler or just folks who appreciate the little courtesies of life. Again, best to play it safe. 
 And also because, in a competitive market, even a tiny edge is worth the effort.  You can use your thank you note to help strengthen your case.  So by all means, send the note(s) to each of the people who interviewed you. (A separate note is really nice rather than a group email, even if you had a group interview.) 
 Thank you letter secret #3 
 So when should you send the thank you note? It's customary to send it as soon as possible, to reinforce their memory of you. Short and sweet And perhaps a sentence or two to emphasize a strong point within the interview that matches their needs, 
 But let's say they tell you they're interviewing over a period of a week or two (or more). Sometimes, all things being equal, the  person at the end of the job interview process  gets the benefit of being fresh in their minds. Not fair, but it happens. 
 So if you already sent your note and you know the interview period is an extended one, it might be nice to  follow up with a second note  toward the end of the interviews, just to remind them of how wonderful you are. 🙂 
 NOTE:  More than one very short, pleasant follow-up -- one every few weeks for instance -- may also be useful for a  very extended waiting period . But be careful not to flood them with emails. Too much and you not only become annoying but may give the impression of a high maintenance employee. 
 So what do you say in your follow-up note? Maybe you saw an interesting article related to the company or took a 1-day class that might make a difference. A short note saying you're still interested along with the new information could help. But… 
 Thank you letter secret #4 
 If you try to tell them too much or go on and on about all the things you screwed up in the original job interview and use the thank you note to try to straighten things out or win them over, you risk hurting your chances rather than helping.  With job interview thank you notes, less is more.  (Remember…some people get hundreds of emails a day!) 
 Keep it short. Keep it simple. Be pleasant. Basically, unless they specifically asked for something from you, you just want to tell them how much you enjoyed meeting them. And let them know you look forward to hearing from them soon. 
 Maybe in between mention one thing you connected with in the interview or something you learned that especially interested you to help them remember you. And stop there. Write it in your own style and voice. Which brings me to the last secret… 
 Thank you letter secret #5 
 PLEASE don't take a  sample   interview thank you letter you find on some website  and use it verbatim. It will be missing your voice and personality. And most likely wind up sounding stilted. Or just like every other person out there doing the same thing. 
 Now I don't really think the company will spot the similarity and fault you for your dastardly crime of thank you note plagiarism. But c'mon … you certainly can create a short and sweet note of your own. And a few sites I've noticed have  sample thank you letters that would actually hurt you if you used them . So be careful. 
 Best to just write your own. Of course, peeking at a sample or two is fine. But, unlike resumes and cover letters, a thank you note doesn't rise to the level of requiring all that much help. Basically, you just need to include this simple thought, in one way or another, preferably in your own words and style: 
 Thank you for the interview! 
 Now was that so hard? Hope that helps. 
 But seriously … it's the job interview itself as well as your skills -- along with the chemistry between you and the interviewer -- that will get you the job in the end. Little stuff like thank you notes (without typos) certainly help build the whole picture of who you are. And what you offer the company. 
 But, while colorful exceptions are always possible (especially in certain more informal/ non-traditional companies), it's  exceedingly unlikely a dazzlingly-worded thank you note alone will get you the job.  (It could get you a second look, though.) 
 So by all means  send a thank you letter . Just keep it reasonably short and sweet, ok? Oh … and if you don't hear back, please don't take that as a sign of anything. There are many reasons for people not to respond that in no way reflect on your chances. But that's a whole other post! (See links below for some of the reasons.) 
 More posts to help 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 [After an Interview: Weekly Follow Up Calls and Emails](https://www.worktothewise.com/after-an-interview-about-those-tell m-follow-up-emails-and-phone-calls/) 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 So What Really Happens After a Job Interview? 
 How Often Should I Call an Employer After My Interview? 
 Interview Nerves: Should I Apologize for Nerves in My Thank You Letter? 
 Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 Still Waiting to Hear Back After a Phone Interview 
 Why Do I Get So Nervous During a Job Interview? 
 What Does It Mean If a Job Is Checking Your References? 
 Job References: What If Former Bosses Don’t Work There Any More 
 Why Does It Take So Long After Your Interview? 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 [Post updated in 2020] 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Job interviews  Tagged With:  thank you letter 
 Comments 
 
 fashionable says 
 
 March 2, 2013 at 10:29 pm 
 I recently applied and was invited to attend a casting call at a luxury retailer. After the meeting I sent a Thank You email to the HR Manager expressing my appreciation for being invited to the casting call and so on. Shortly afterwards I received an email from the recruiting coordinator to set up an interview with the Department Manager. The first thing the manager told me is the reason she called me in is because she was very impressed with the Thank You note I sent her. You just never know. I say put your best foot forward throughout the entire process from A to Z. Courtesy never hurts. 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
