Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MRP Specialist 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Belleville, ON, Canada Req #400 
Friday, October 30, 2020 
 Since the legalization of recreational Cannabis in October 2018, HEXO Corp has experienced incredible growth. As one of Canada’s top Cannabis companies, we continue to advance in this exciting new industry along with the incredibly talented people we have working on the team. 
 HEXO Corp creates globally trusted brands of easy-to-use and easy-to-understand cannabis products. HEXO Corp is a serious, business-oriented and socially responsible organization that is building dynamic teams of professionals that aren't afraid to step outside of their role, try new things and challenge the status quo. 
 If you are excited to take on a new challenge and are open to getting out of your comfort zone, we’re looking for people like you to join the HEXO Corp family. 
 The MRP Specialist will be responsible for connecting ERP related data (Inventory, Cultivation Schedules, Production Work Orders), Sales Demand and Operational Capacity planning to establish a production plan using Microsoft Dynamics Navision ERP. They will also be responsible for creating and/or releasing production jobs to manufacturing, managing & analyzing inventory and working with the greater Supply Chain team to develop an achievable plan. Experience within a corporate planning team and infrastructure would be required. 
 Position Responsibilities: 
Critical connection point between IT (Microsoft Dynamics ERP) and Production Planning 
Report generation and creation in Power BI for all inventory formats from Raw, WIP & FGI 
Connection of Raw material to production orders for full absorption of raw material inventory 
Connecting the forward-looking production plan to WIP and HEXO Cultivation schedule 
Working in collaboration with IT, implementation and training on ERP upgrade project 
Assist cultivation planning with linking demand to cultivation 
Identification of stranded, un-allocated inventory. Working with sales operations and planning to identify product format through sales 
Reporting, analysis, KPI and score-carding of inventory in all states 
 Position Qualifications: 
Post secondary education with APICS, SCIM, Materials Management certification 
Min 3 years of hands-on manufacturing production planning experience 
Experience working in Microsoft Dynamics NAV a plus 
Experience working in a fast-paced dynamic production / manufacturing environment 
Experience using a production planning tool & ERP systems 
Experience/Familiarity with formal planning processes such as SOP – Sales & Operations Planning and/or IBP – Integrated Business Planning a definite asset 
Must be comfortable in a constantly changing environment and able to shift plans and priorities daily 
Team player; able to receive general instructions and develop appropriate project plans and communicate 
Experience in the cannabis industry 
 HEXO Corp. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, veteran status, or genetic information and encourages applications from all minority groups. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Salary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
