Skip to content 
 
 
 Wincanton - Gillingham - Milborne Port - Mere 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 
 Our Surgeries 
 Meet Our Team 
 Southill Privacy Policy 
 What our clients say about us 
 Time To Say Goodbye 
 Memory Page 
 Southill Vets - a history 
 Puppy Classes - Canine Academy 
 
 
 New Client Registration Form 
 Pet Health Club 
 Repeat Prescriptions 
 Contact 
 Southill Events 
 Puppy Classes - Canine Academy 
 Request worm/flea treatment during COVID-19 crisis 
 Request An Appointment 
 
 Careers At Southill 
 **** 
 Full Time Veterinary Surgeon 
 A great opportunity has arisen to join our team as we say a sad goodbye to a treasured vet as he retires from the practice after 37 years with us! We hope our next team member will have experience as some sole charge may be required on occasion, and a surgical bias is a big plus! However, if you would prefer some support for those few GDVs we see then help is always at hand. 
 WE 
 
 
 Are an independent, nurse training practice with 4 branches on the South Somerset/Dorset/Wiltshire borders 
 
 
 Provide a good work/life balance with a 4 day week, fairly shared OOHs and 6pm finishes. Saturdays are morning consults only. 
 
 
 Offer a friendly, supportive environment, like to discuss our cases and have a collaborative approach to problem solving 
 
 
 Provide our own OOH to our own clients only 
 
 
 Have NO selling targets and our vets have complete clinical freedom and ability to work up their own cases 
 
 
 Have a visiting specialist orthopaedic service 
 
 
 Offer 5 weeks holiday including Bank Holidays (pro rata) 
 
 
 Support and encourage CPD in your areas of interest, including funding for certificates 
 
 
 Offer a fair wage dependant on experience and level of qualification 
 
 
 Strive to provide the best care for our patients and invest in our staff, equipment and facilities 
 
 
 Have exciting plans for the future – will you be a part of it? 
 
 
 If you are interested in who we are and what we have to offer, or would like to ask some questions then please contact us on  enquiries@southillvets.co.uk  or call 01963 33226 and ask to speak to Vicky or Bob. We look forward to hearing from you! 
 Veterinary Students & Work Experience 
 If you wish to come and see practice with us, either being a Veterinary student or for school work experience, then please send us your details (including preferred dates) via email or writing. 
 Work experience to be sent to: 
 Clare Webb Head RVN 
 Southill Veterinary Group Ltd 
 The Surgery 
 Balsam Fields 
 Wincanton 
 Somerset 
 BA9 9HE 
 email: headnurse@southillvets.co.uk 
 Phone: 01963 33226 
 Veterinary student to be sent to: 
 Miss Vicky Sands - Director 
 Southill Veterinary Group Ltd 
 Balsam Fields 
 Wincanton 
 Somerset 
 BA9 9HE 
 Email: enquiries@southillvets.co.uk 
 Tel: 01963 33226 
 *Please be aware that seeing practice/work experience is highly sought after so contacting us early is essential. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Popular Pages 
 
 Pet Services 
 Useful Links 
 Southill Privacy Policy 
 posts page 
 What our clients say about us 
 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 links 
 
 
 Save money & spread the cost! 
 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
