
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Design Engineer 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Design Engineer 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 [](mailto:?subject=Design%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14288610/design-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 8, 2021 
 Location: 
 Newton, New Jersey 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Job Function: 
 Engineer 
 Years of Experience: 
 0-3 
 Industry Category: 
 Manufacturing 
 Required Education: 
 4 Year Degree 
 This position is for an entry to mid-level individual who has an optical and/or opto-mechanical design background. Position entails the development and design of new products for the optics product line. The engineer will be responsible for managing the project from concept to finished product. Although the location of the position is in Newton, NJ, from time to time it may be required to undertake duties at other ThorLabs locations. 
 Essential Job Functions   include the following, but are not limited to: 
 
 Design new products to add to the Thorlabs online catalog including thin film coatings, lenses, polarization optics, prisms, gratings, opto-mechanics, collimators, isolators, spectroscopy accessories, microscopy sub-assemblies, etc. 
 Review customer source control drawings, specification control drawings and other applicable specifications to determine requirements and/or feasibility of the component. Communicate with customers to understand and define their needs. 
 Perform all necessary calculations such as optical simulation, thin film optimization, FEA/Stress/Thermal analysis, and polarization/retardance performance. 
 Prepare design proposals and documents. 
 Interact with production personnel to define and solve manufacturing/design issues and implement cost reduction ideas with regard to company products. 
 Assists drafting, lab testing, manufacturing, quality, and planning as required. 
 Perform liaison function between engineering team and all manufacturing operations for any related issues, problems, or improvements. 
 Work with the quality department to define problem areas and implement product improvements based on customer repair/rejection concerns. 
 Participate in engineering and general design reviews as required. 
 Prepare technical data such as qualification test procedures, acceptance test procedures, reports, component maintenance manuals, etc. 
 Interact with vendors and purchasers concerning supplied and proposed components. 
 Responsible for all changes and problems related to assigned product lines. 
 Acts as technical expert for the company for both internal and external customers. 
 Coordinate as required with other internal groups including Sales, Accounting personnel, Fabrication, Technical Marketing, Technical Support, OEM Team, Management, Planning, and Assembly. 
 When requested performs duties of the Engineering Manager during the manager’s absence. 
 Advise supervisor of work status, workload, problems and progress as related to work assignments. 
 Responsible for entire product life cycle. 
 Monitor and analyze assigned competitors’ trends, acquisitions, and product lines with the intent of reporting to the group weekly and posting to internal forum when applicable. 
 Keep current with newest applications, products, and manufacturing techniques within the industry. Share, discuss, and collaborate while looking for opportunities to implement. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Experience: 
 
 Some industry experience or related coursework in the field of optics and photonics 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Optical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics or a related engineering disciplines. A Master’s degree is desirable. 
 
 Specialized Knowledge and Skills: 
 
 Experience with SolidWorks, CAD, or other modeling software. 
 Proficiency in a computer language such as Visual Basic, C++, Python, Labview 
 Familiarity with optical modeling software, specifically Zemax and TFCalc, but also relevant CODE V, Essential MacLeod, Filmstar, OSLO, etc. 
 Demonstrated technical background and hands on experience in such fields as optics, opto-mechanical design, laser optics, polarization, microscopy, and telecommunications. Hands on experience with optics including alignment, measurement, and testing 
 Knowledge of current optical design, fabrication, assembly, and test techniques 
 Strong project Management skills with a deep sense of ownership 
 Strong ability to take initiative 
 Demonstrated innovation 
 Flexibility/adaptability in a fast-paced & dynamic environment 
 
 Thorlabs values its diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified individuals will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age or veteran status. Job descriptions are not intended as and do not create employment contracts. The organization maintains its status as an at-will employer. Employees can be terminated for any reason not prohibited by law. 
 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Thorlabs, Inc. 
 Founded in 1989, Thorlabs seeks to accelerate the forward movement of scientific discovery and advancement! As a vertically integrated manufacturer of photonics components, instruments, and systems, our vast product portfolio includes over 20,000 items, ranging from optics and optomechanical positioning components to imaging systems, many of which are customer inspired. Photonics is the foremost technology driving innovation in science and engineering. As the number of technological innovations has grown, Thorlabs has extended its core competencies in an effort to play an ever increasing role serving the Photonics Industry at the research end, as well as the industrial, life science, medical, and defense segments. Headquartered in Newton, NJ, Thorlabs has grown to over 1800 employees with manufacturing and sales offices in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Sweden, Japan, China, and Brazil. As light-based technologies push into new markets, Thorlabs plans to enter early with the products and services required to ensure the ultimate success of our customers. 
 Connections working at Thorlabs, Inc. 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Content Strategist 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 Postdoctoral positions in Biomedical Optics 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Optical Micromechanics Lab -Wellman Center at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hosp 
 __6 Days Ago 
 
 
 Optical Manufacturing Engineer 
 __  Bandon, Oregon 
 
 
 Hardin Optical Company 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
