Skip to content 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Motherhood 
 Lifestyle 
 Reviews 
 
 
 Work With Me 
 
 My Story 
 Previous Work 
 Contact Me 
 Press 
 
 
 
 Pumping on the job 
 October 2, 2017October 2, 2017 
 I didn’t think I would be one of those mums that would be so attached to their child that maternity leave turns into stay at home mode. For some that is a true reality however I did want to get back to working eventually, extra income to spend on baby girl yayyyy. 
 With that being said it’s been officially two weeks of working (didn’t go back to my old job because they suck! But God got me a ten times better one). I wanted to base the blog post on breastfeeding mums that still want to breastfeed but are going back to work. So I create a little list of tips to that are helping me and should help you. 
 Before work: 
 
 Establish a good pumping routine so you know when you go to work you can pump in a short amount of time. 
 Create a back up stock of pumped milk (I only had about two 4oz as Taliyah is older, plus prior to me going back to work she only drank boob juice from my boob) 
 Organise childcare with people who support your need to want to continue breastfeeding (between my mum and my husband who has two days off work they split it) 
 Plan the best routes to and from work that are quickest as you want to spend as long as you can breastfeeding before work and get home quick enough to breastfeed 
 Where possible use a manual pump as they are more compact to carry about and still do the job (this is an electric one but it also uses batteries) 
 
 During work 
 
 First thing is kindly request a room where you can pump privately (speak to your HR department as they would be best versed on this) 
 Work out how often you would need to pump to keep supply up (I only pump once at work; right at the start of my lunch break as I can leave up to 4/5 hours without nursing till my boob balloons if it’s not been emptied prior) 
 Drink lots of water! This will help keep your supply up and helps replenish your body 
 Make sure there is adequate storage space for the pumped milk (my work place have a number of well kept fridges that I store pumped milk). If there isn’t a fridge look into getting a long term cooler bag 
 Phone home to check that your amazing baby has drank your boob juice (as Taliyah is older she drinks it out of a cup at around lunch time after her morning nap) we wouldn’t want her to think boob juice has vanished[ ](https://smilesndrool.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/img_9948.jpg) 
 
 **After work  ** 
 
 Don’t forget to take your stored milk home with you! As it isn’t your fridge you don’t want to leave it over night etc 
 Take that quick pre-planned route home as you’ve missed your little one 
 Watch all the videos and pictures you’ve been sent of him/her for the 100th time (I noticed that Taliyah learnt a lot of new things in my first week without me so need them documented) 
 Once you get home smoother with lots of hugs and kisses and once that’s out the way nurse till dinner time 
 
 What I found was that she nursed a lot more closer to bed time more frequently as a comfort which I am totally happy with. My supply is still well established as I am not leaving it longer than 4 hours to pump. Taliyah coped so well this first week and has a nice routine which is key for keeping a breastfed babies security once boob is away from them awhile. 
 Hope this post helps and encourages any breastfeeding mummy’s going back to work, school or simply just going to be away from you little one for a while. 
 
 Mrs B 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in:  Motherhood  | Tagged:  Baby ,  blackgirlsrock ,  blackmomsblog ,  blog ,  bloggingmom ,  Breastfeeding ,  Breastisbest ,  desexualizebreastfeeding ,  exclusivelybreastfeeding ,  fblogger ,  Firsttimemom ,  keepmilkingmama ,  londonblogger ,  milestone ,  mother ,  Motherhood ,  motherhoodunplugged ,  mumlife ,  mummyblogger ,  normalizebreastfeeding ,  parentblogger ,  pblogger ,  pbloggers ,  pbloggeruk ,  pumping ,  Pumpingmom ,  pumpingmum ,  routine ,  workingmama ,  workingmum 
 Post navigation 
  Mummy and Me- Bourn Beautiful Natural 
 The Naked Truth about Having a Baby  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 MAM Easy Start Anti-colic bottle 
 Affordable fashion to style your bump 
 Cozy Phones 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month April 2020  August 2019  October 2018  September 2018  June 2018  May 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Ace Media 
 Brit Mums 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
