Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PERSONAL CAREGIVER to assist in the care of disabled adult male. 
 Household - Brown 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
RCA/HCA Certification preferred 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
To work one-on-one in a family home setting and assist client with all aspects of daily living, recreational activities and social outings. Administer medications, follow care plans and keep accurate client records. 
 BENEFITS: 
Full pay while training 
Coffee and lunch provided 
Masks, Visors, Gloves and Sanitizer supplied. 
 Looking for Caregiver for  weekend day shift plus 2 or 3 (2hr) evenings per week . 
 - Day time duties  include bathing, dressing, food prep, socializing and board games plus snack and lunch. 
 - Evening duties  to play a few board games, have a snack, brush teeth, and prepare for bed. 
 The ideal candidate would have a strong professional work ethic and be RELIABLE, friendly and patient. 
Must have 10 years driving experience and a Clean Drivers License. 
 This is a smoke and scent free environment. 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-20 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $23.00-$26.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Due to Covid all precautions will be taken. Masks, Visors, Gloves and Sanitizer provided. 
 Experience: 
 
 caregiving: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CPR. Criminal Record Check. Clean Drivers License .RCA/HCA. (Preferred) 
 
 Duties: 
 
 Assisting clients with personal hygiene and getting dressed 
 Assisting clients with housekeeping or other daily errands 
 Providing companionship and emotional support 
 Observing and reporting on changes in the health or status of the client 
 Preparing food and feeding clients 
 Administering medication 
 Assisting clients with rehabilitative exercises 
 Providing support with academic, social or recreational activities 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
