Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Security Guard 
 University of Ottawa 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Purpose 
Ensures the safety and protection of individuals and University property by patrolling grounds and buildings. Prevents and detects security hazards and enforces both criminal and provincial statutes, as well as city bylaws and University regulations. Responds to various calls from faculties and services; performs preliminary and follow-up investigations, drafts notes and completes reports detailing observations and information received. As preliminary contact, provides expert advice and takes action to resolve problems or conflicts. At the request of the on-duty Team Coordinator, helps train and evaluate new employees. Assists the Team Coordinator(s) by communicating and working in conjunction with police authorities in the region and with other professional bodies to solve crimes or investigate losses. 
Essential Qualifications 
Postsecondary education diploma in Security Management or equivalent diploma 
Knowledge of principles governing the protection of individuals and property normally acquired through law/security or security/protection training given by a recognized institution 
Valid Ontario Security Guard 
Private Investigator License or ability to obtain this certification 
Valid driver’s license in the province of Ontario (Class G or equivalent) 
Recent Driver's Abstract, or ability to provide one 
Valid Smart Serve Certification, or ability to obtain this certification 
Experience working as a security officer 
Experience working with the public in conflict situations 
Ability to give first aid care (certified for WHMIS, First Aid, CPR, and Oxygen administration) 
Experience using computer systems and software such as Windows, word processing, databases, e-mail and Internet 
Ability to work with minimum supervision, under pressure and to show initiative 
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment 
Bilingualism – French and English (spoken and written); to be considered for this position, candidates must be rated at the intermediate or advanced proficiency level for both oral comprehension and reading comprehension in their second official language. The rating is determined by a proficiency test designed by the Official Languages and Bilingualism Institute. 
Key Competencies 
 Key competencies required at the University of Ottawa: 
 Planning:  Organize in time a series of actions or events in order to achieve an objective or a project. Plan and organize own work and priorities in regular daily activities. 
 Initiative:  Demonstrate creativity and initiative to suggest improvements and encourage positive results. Be proactive and self-starting. Show availability and willingness to go above and beyond expectations whenever possible. 
 Service Excellence:  Reflect a positive attitude, demonstrate competence and professionalism, treat members of the community with respect, exercise care, devote full attention and find solutions. (Visit the section "Useful links" on the home page to read the detailed definition). 
 Teamwork and Cooperation:  Cooperate and work well with other members of the team to reach common goal. Accept and give constructive feedback. Adjust own behaviour to reach team goals. 
Note 
All qualified candidates are invited to apply; however, preference will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents. The University of Ottawa is an equal opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from women, Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. If you are invited to continue the selection process, please notify us of any particular adaptive measures you might require. 
 The published salary range is based on a 40-hour work week. Salary will be pro-rated. Temporary assignment or contract of 12 months, with possibility of renewal. Eligibility to benefits will be determined upon hiring. This position is excluded from all union accreditation units. Applications from employees holding regular positions will be considered first. The University also accepts external applications; they will be considered in second place. To obtain a temporary assignment, internal candidates must receive approval from their immediate supervisor. Schedule with an average of 24hrs/week. Workshops offered by Leadership, Learning and Organizational Development that you have taken may be considered an asset if you apply for a position at the University. Don’t forget to list them on your CV. We thank all candidates for applying. We will only contact candidates selected for further consideration. Any information you send us will be handled respectfully and in complete confidence. Remember to upload a copy of your diploma(s) or a certificate of merit as well as a current version of your CV into the My documents section of your career profile (please include the job ID number, i.e. J0000-0000, in the title of your document). 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
