Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Workers' Compensation Specialist - Case Manager 
 Organizational Solutions Inc. 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Organizational Description: 
Organizational Solutions Inc. (OSI) is a Third party provider who specializes in Disability Management, believing in the quality of growth and the professional potential of all our staff. Founded in 2003, OSI’s journey is one of entrepreneurial achievement and professional development. Over the past fifteen years we have grown from a grassroots start-up into one of Canada’s leading Disability Management and Workers’ Compensation Claims management providers. Today OSI employs more than 130 highly specialized people and serves over 1,000 clients of all sizes in almost every industry. 
 As a member of OSI you can have the opportunity to work in an innovative environment and to engage in meaningful work and having a strong positive impact in providing, The Right Care, at the Right Time, for the Right Outcome©” within a dynamic, and talented team, while growing your own professionalism. 
 Job Summary / Accountabilities:  Workers’ Compensation Specialist – Case Manager 
 A Workers' Compensation Specialist is responsible for claims/disability administration and management, including interaction with ongoing and new clients. Specialists are involved in the maintenance and development of practices and procedures for claims and disability management services and they also assist in return to work process; overseeing modified work programs, monitoring claims for areas of objection and then formulating objections/appeals. In conjunction with the performance of managing Workers' Compensation claims, a Workers' Compensation Specialist also positively represents OSI at meetings and events to communicate with current clients and encourage new clients to learn about OSI. This role also assists in setting up client accounts, evaluating clients, their historical claims performance and work collaboratively with our team to provide solution-focused programs for clients. 
 Minimum Required Skills and Experience:: 
 
 MUST HAVE 2-3+ years WSIB (Ontario) or WCB (Alberta)Case Management experience 
 Paralegal (Ontario) an asset 
 2-3+ years Return to Work planning and facilitation 
 WSIB appeals experience 
 NEER Rating experience 
 Knowledge of disability management and procedures 
 Strong medical knowledge 
 Strong critical thinking and analytical skills 
 Strong customer service skills 
 Strong organization and prioritization skills 
 MUST be proficient in using Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint, and have the ability to learn an internal database system. 
 
 If this position interest you please apply or e-mail your resume directly to careers@orgsoln.com 
 Organizational Solutions Inc., is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristic that would be defined under AODA and the Human Rights Code. 
 If you require accommodation at any time during the recruitment life-cycle, please contact the Human Resources department, and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
