Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 E-COMMERCE MERCHANDISER 
 Boutique La Vie En Rose 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 SIEGE SOCIAL, 4320 AVENUE PIERRE-DE COUBERTIN, MONTREAL, Quebec, Canada Req #3651 
Friday, November 13, 2020 
 Founded in 1985, La Vie en Rose has distinguished itself as a Canadian leader in the field of lingerie and jerseys with more than 3,000 employees. The company has more than 230 stores across Canada, and our ultimate goal is to make you feel beautiful and comfortable in our lingerie and swimsuits and provide you with outstanding customer service. In addition, since 2006 we have entered the international market and our brand is now represented in 18 countries. 
 At La Vie en Rose, employees are the most important asset of the company. It is important for us that employees feel appreciated in their work. That's why we encourage in-house promotions and offer the best possible training to our employees so that they all develop a long and beautiful career at La Vie en Rose. 
 PURPOSE OF THE POSITION 
 Under the supervision of the E-commerce Manager, the individual is responsible for the development and execution of La Vie en Rose's e-commerce merchandising activities. They ensure the management of the product catalog, the creation of promotions and the maintenance of the search engine. Their role is to optimize product merchandising in order to maximize the website's sales potential. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 
 Ensure that products and product attributes are put online, maintain the product catalog up to date; 
 Enrich product content, upload images and color samples; 
 Work with the Content Strategy team to ensure a complete and accurate level of product information; 
 Develop and execute merchandising initiatives to stimulate sales through various promotions and themes; 
 Identify product enhancement opportunities and maximize associated products; 
 Create promotions and ensure their accuracy; 
 Create a good search experience on the site by maximizing keywords, suggestions and associated queries; 
 Collaborate on improvement and optimization projects of product pages; 
 Optimize the online shopping experience by working closely with the coordinator, e-commerce; 
 Measure the performance of web merchandising initiatives in order to identify problems and opportunities and thus propose solutions. 
 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Bachelor's degree in marketing, commerce, management or equivalent; 
 Minimum of 3 years of experience in a merchandiser position, e-commerce; 
 Experience in the field of retail and / or fashion (an asset); 
 Experience with Magento, inRiver and / or Episerver (an asset); 
 Merchandising expertise; 
 Understanding of good practices in electronic commerce; 
 Knowledge of Google Analytics or other performance analysis tools; 
 Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS (an asset); 
 Basic knowledge of SEO web referencing; 
 Basic knowledge of Photoshop (an asset); 
 Proficiency in the Office Suite: Word, Excel and Powerpoint; 
 Ability to work under pressure within tight deadlines by adapting to the unforeseen; 
 Ability to manage many projects simultaneously and establish priorities; 
 Sense of organization, autonomous and able to evolve in a changing environment; 
 Thoroughness and attention to detail; 
 Recognized skills in interpersonal relations and team spirit; 
 Bilingual, both oral and written (French and English). 
 
 The information on this site is for information purposes only and is not intended to have legal consequences. La Vie en Rose is committed to employment equity. La Vie en Rose has put in place an adaptation process that provides accommodation for selected candidates for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
