  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Horsham, England 
 Rate:  Excellent 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Personal Advisor 
 we are currently recruiting for a Personal Advisor to work in Horsham West Sussex This vacancy will be within a Leaving Care Team 
 The leaving Care service provides support for Care Leavers & YP in Care aged 16-21 & up to 25 in some circumstances. 
 The main function of the role is to work with individuals who are leaving care of the Local Authority, helping to assess & meet their learning, personal & social needs and to assist them in making the transition between care & independence & to make positive choices about their lives in particular education, training & employment. 
 Key Accountabilities 
 You will act as a professional representative for Care Leavers by working with a focus on delivering services to those people who access or need the service, in line with statutory duties, acting with integrity, professionalism & respect on behalf of the organisation, ensuring at all times the needs of individuals are paramount. 
 Prepare for & work with individuals to assess their needs & circumstances through Pathway Planning, implement packages of intervention & support & evaluate & monitor progress considering best value options. 
 Manage a caseload under regular supervision, assess needs, risks & options taking into account legal & other requirements. 
 Level of knowledge 
 Theoretical, practical & procedural knowledge of legislation & national policy developments regarding youth, & their implications in practice, in particular in the field of Leaving Care. 
 Understanding of working with individuals in crisis & the delivery of support & advice to enable & encourage them in their transition from adolescence to adulthood. 
 IT knowledge in order to maintain accurate records. 
 Qualifications & Professional Membership 
 Relevant degree or equivalent qualification or experience, demonstrating that level of applied knowledge in providing advice & support to people. 
 Relevant postgraduate professional qualification or equivalent qualification or equivalent demonstrable experience. 
 Experience 
 Significant experience of direct work with people who have a range of presenting issues. 
 Experience of working in a multi-agency, working in a partnership, working with people in crisis situation, good assessment 
 The work will involve significant exposure to people who access or need the service &/or subject matter which will regularly place emotional demands on the individual. 
 Working with Service Care Solutions comes with many benefits, including - 
, A specialist consultant within an experience and dedicated Social Work recruitment team 
, Excellent rates of pay 
, An extensive range of Social Work vacancies available throughout the UK 
, Payroll service twice a week 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Delanie at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208964 or email Delanie.Heyes@servicecare.org.uk. 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know of anyone who would be perfect for this position and they are placed into work, you will receive £250 for the referral once their probationary period has been completed! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  on going 
 
 
 Rate:  Excellent 
 
 
 Location:  Horsham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 08:44:36 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
