Skip to main content 
 +1.866.971.0933 
 855.967.3787 
 Header Top Primary Menu 
 
 AdWords Grader 
 Login 
 
   
 Main navigation 
 
 Our Solutions 
 
 
* WordStream Advisor Cross-platform software to maximize your online advertising.
   
* Advisor for Agencies Scale your agency with WordStream software
   
* LOCALiQ Marketing Services Digital solutions for your entire funnel presented by WordStream
   
* Testimonials Hear what makes us great -- straight from our customers.
   
* Free Tools Analyze & improve your digital marketing -- for free!
 
 
 How We Help 
 
 
* Help me turn site visitors into conversions
   
* Help me advertise on Facebook
   
* Help me with my Google Ads campaigns
   
* Help me manage ads across Google Ads, Bing, and Facebook
   
* Manage my online advertising for me
   
* Help me build and scale my agency
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
* WordStream Advisor Software and consulting to help you grow your business
   
* Advisor for Agencies Software and consulting to drive success for your clients
   
* Marketing Services A trusted guide for your digital marketing journey
 
 
 Blog 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 Digital Marketing Jobs: How to Find the Right Role for You 
 On This Page 
 
 
 A Word About Entry-Level Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 Product Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 Content Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 Social Media Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 Design Jobs 
 
 
 SEO Jobs 
 
 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 Marketing Analytics  
 
 
 ECommerce Jobs 
 
 
 Demand Generation/Customer Acquisition 
 
 
 Stress and anxiety are inherent parts of the job selection process. Digital marketing jobs are no different. You want to find the right fit. You want your skill set to be fully utilized. You want to get paid well. There are a ton of factors in play, and you want to consider them all. 
 Still: spending too much time researching roles can be a little like getting lost in a pile of Amazon reviews. You want so badly to find the right salad bowl, or the best salad bowl, that you sit at your computer for hours. What happens? You walk outside and immediately see a guy with a way cooler salad bowl. 
 Our purpose in writing this article is two-fold. One: we want to rid you of any buyer’s remorse you might have after settling on a position. Two: we want to make sure you don’t drive yourself crazy researching your next online marketing job. What we’re providing you today is the right information to make a decision. It’s more important that you choose something than choose the right thing, but hey—if this is your first go ‘round in the digital marketing world, why not be a little deliberate? Odds are, you’re going to be here for a while. 
 Our modus operandi will be the following: provide insight into several digital marketing disciplines, then run through the different roles you’ll encounter in each discipline. We’ll discuss what each role typically pays (per Glassdoor) in the United States, as well as the responsibilities and qualifications each digital marketing job entails. We’ll also provide some sparkling insights from our own team of digital marketing professionals along the way. 
 You can use this guide as a career roadmap as you rise through the ranks. Let’s get into it! 
 And remember… 
 It’s only cool because it’s not yours. 
 But first… 
 A Word About Entry-Level Marketing Jobs 
 Entry-Level Eric: Has four roommates, three sources of debt, and one bathroom. 
 First Job Freddy: If he pretends he’s super focused, maybe no one will ask him anything. 
 Another false narrative those looking for entry-level marketing jobs tell themselves: “I need a job to get experience, but I need experience to get a job.” Not true at all. Not only are there plenty of entry-level marketing jobs that don’t require experience, and will train on the job, but there are also tons of marketing internships. Marketing interns can be kind of like indentured servants; but they make consistent money, learn the tricks of the trade, and get on the inside track at their companies. 
 Right. Now let’s get into some digital marketing jobs 
 
 Product Marketing Jobs 
 What is product marketing? 
 Product marketing fits into the overlap between marketing, product, and sales. Product marketers handle to-market positioning and messaging for new products and new product features. As such, they focus their efforts on both potential customers (prospects and leads) and existing customers. It’s imperative that customers know how to use products, and know about new features. It’s also imperative that sales teams know how to talk about the products they’re selling. Product marketers make sure both of these operations run smoothly, and are consistent with one another. 
 Hear it from the expert 
 “Product marketing is the ultimate cross-functional marketing position. We own the positioning, messaging, and go-to-market strategy for our product. We also work with Sales and Customer Success to drive in-market demand and adoption. There is never a lonely or dull moment!” 
 - Heather Widman, Director of Product Marketing at WordStream 
 Product Marketing Specialist 
 Average base pay:  $69,500 
 Experience:  2-5+ years 
 Skills:  Strong verbal and written communication; detail-oriented; analytical; able to multi-task 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Conduct competitor research, including seeking and analyzing competitor marketing and sales materials 
 
 
 Utilize strong writing skills to create blog posts, white papers, webinars, case studies, and other product marketing collateral 
 
 
 Seek customer insights and stories to develop, implement, and manage testimonial and referral programs 
 
 
 Work with marketing, tech, and sales to help write and present product roadmaps 
 
 
 Glean applicable insights from online and customer data 
 
 
 Product Marketing Manager 
 Average base pay:  $113,200 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Excellent verbal and written communication; excellent organizational and program management skills; able to consistently meet deadlines. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Lead development of communication tools and collateral to promote new features, functionality, and services to both prospects and existing customers 
 Develop and maintain ongoing knowledge and mastery of buyer/customer profiles 
 Organize and host client meetings and forums to evangelize new products and gather feedback 
 Provide the sales and marketing teams with the strategic messaging necessary to create proposal templates, presentations, data sheets, website content, pitches, and other collateral 
 
 Director of Product Marketing 
 Average base pay:  $167,000 
 Experience:  7-10+ years 
 Skills:  Exceptional verbal & written communication; proven ability to handle multiple projects/multiple stakeholders; proven ability to develop operational KPIs and utilize data; strong leader that flourishes under pressure 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Communicate performance metrics to key executive stakeholders throughout the organization 
 Partner with engineering leadership to find a balance between to-market speed and value 
 Act as an internal and external expert in product knowledge and implementation 
 Deliver an ongoing stream of product innovations that improve KPIs related to the scale, scope, frequency, and reliability of revenue to drive major business decisions 
 
 
 Content Marketing Jobs 
 What is Content Marketing? 
 Content marketing is all about creating and distributing valuable, informative, and relevant content to a clearly defined audience, and encouraging members of that audience to interact with your brand meaningfully—whether that’s in the form of a site visit, a sale, or a content download. Marketing content most commonly manifests itself in blog posts (long-form content); but writing newsletters, emails, white papers, landing pages, product descriptions—these are all also forms of content marketing 
 Content Marketing Specialist 
 Average base pay:  $50,400 
 Experience:  1-3+ years 
 Skills:  Strong writing and grammatical skills; can adopt different styles/tones; keen eye for line edits; ability to meet deadlines; familiar with SEO best practices 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Conceptualize, pitch, research, and write search-friendly blog content that provides value to prospects and readers 
 
 
 Write landing pages, product pages, white papers, newsletters, social media campaigns, and other content-related collateral 
 
 
 Copyedit a variety of content for print and digital 
 
 
 Have a general understanding of SEO tactics—including link building, site structure, image optimization, keyword-centric copywriting, and keyword research 
 
 
 Content Marketing Manager 
 Average base pay:  $66,100 
 Experience:  3-7+ years 
 Skills:  Excellent writing and grammatical skills; thorough understanding of SEO best practices; ability to analyze traffic and conversion data; ability to coordinate and manage an in-house/freelance team of writers; ability to generate blog topics 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Use keyword research to generate blog topics aimed at converting specific business goals 
 
 
 Manage a team of in-house/freelance writers. Implement and oversee a content calendar/schedule 
 
 
 Deliver content that supports inbound marketing efforts, demand generation, sales enablement, and other initiatives 
 
 
 Collaborate with designers, product marketers, and sales to plan the production of videos, case studies, website copy, and other digital and print marketing collateral 
 
 
 
 Social Media Marketing Jobs 
 What is Social Media Marketing? 
 Social media marketing is all about audience building. Platforms like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and Instagram allow brands to not only expand their reach, but build social communities. Certain platforms are better for certain marketing tasks. For example, fashion brands looking to leverage social influencers might find the most success on Instagram; while a B2B SaaS company looking to get their blog posts more exposure might find the most success on Twitter. But the premise remains the same: social media allows marketers to reach and communicate with prospects more rapidly, and on a larger scale. 
 Social Media Coordinator/Specialist 
 Average base pay:  $49,400 
 Experience:  1-3+ years 
 Skills:  Solid writing and communication skills; understanding of social media best practices; familiarity with social media management tools; comfortable at events; comfortable with the major social platforms 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Building and maintaining an editorial calendar for all relevant social channels 
 
 
 Engaging with audience members on a daily basis by communicating with followers and responding to comments and posts 
 
 
 Maintaining a consistent brand voice and tone 
 
 
 Monitoring and reporting on paid and organic social campaigns 
 
 
 Working with the content team on strategic planning and blog promotion 
 
 
 Social Media Manager 
 Average base pay:  $54,200 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Knowledge of graphic design/facility with Adobe products; knowledge of SEO basics; excellent project management skills; expertise in paid and organic social promotion; expertise in contests, reporting, community management, influencers, and events 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Develop comprehensive social strategies to increase traffic to digital content 
 
 
 Create a detailed roadmap of social campaigns/tactics and execute campaigns 
 
 
 Collaborate with Content, Product, and Sales to determine business-prudent social messaging 
 
 
 Lead the development of standards, policies, and rules of engagement for social media 
 
 
 Keep up with and implement new industry trends and technologies 
 
 
 Social Media Influencer 
 Average base pay: 
$100-$800+ per post 
 Qualifications: 
1k-100k+ followers 
 Skills:  Ability to accrue a social media following 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Develop comprehensive social strategies to increase traffic to digital content 
 
 
 Create a detailed roadmap of social campaigns/tactics and execute campaigns 
 
 
 Collaborate with Content, Product, and Sales to determine business-prudent social messaging 
 
 
 Accrue, manage, and maintain a healthy social following on a specific platform 
 
 
 
 Design Jobs 
 What is Design? 
 “Design” encapsulates several different marketing disciplines—graphic design, visual design, user interface design, user experience design, web design, etc. Graphic design, though, usually involves print collateral, like magazines and newsletters. When you hear the term “design” in digital marketing, the work is most likely being done by one of the following: a visual designer, a user experience (UX) designer, or a user interface (UI) designer. Employees with these titles concern themselves with the way users see and interact with their websites—from branding, to navigation. 
 Visual Designer 
 Average base pay:  $74,100 
 Experience:  1-5+ years 
 Skills:  Fluency with Adobe products; experience with responsive design methods and development; basic proficiency with web development tools and languages; a portfolio which showcases an ability for provocative brand storytelling 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Create intuitive experiences for brands across a range of consumer touchpoints 
 
 
 Take projects from research and sketches to high fidelity visual designs and pixel-perfect deliverables 
 
 
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business objectives/issues; provide creative solutions 
 
 
 Design digital materials including presentations, reports, landing pages, emails, banners, ad creative, etc. 
 
 
 UX/UI Designer 
 Average base pay:  $97,500 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Proficient in Adobe products; proficient with web development tools and languages; Solid grasp of user-centered design and usability testing methodologies; comprehensive portfolio of work 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Build, develop, and maintain wireframes and other UX/UI artifacts 
 
 
 Work closely with users, product management, marketing, and engineering to make sure the best possible user experience is delivered 
 
 
 Help define the user interaction model and user interface for new and existing products 
 
 
 Test the usability of new and existing product designs and make pragmatic proposals for improvements 
 
 
 Creative Director 
 Average base pay:  $133,800 
 Experience:  7-10+ years 
 Skills:  Strong, flexible, strategic thinker with vision; a leader with great communication/presentation skills; comprehensive portfolio of work; demonstrated experience leading, building, and growing teams; ability to analyze complex issues and develop relevant, realistic plans 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Lead the design, execution, and interpretation of market research studies 
 
 
 Develop innovative ideas for branding, campaigns, and marketing collateral 
 
 
 Manage and lead a creative team with confidence and according to individual skill sets 
 
 
 Build and maintain strong relationships with creative partners and vendors 
 
 
 
 SEO Jobs 
 Hear it from the expert 
 “SEO is the single most effective lever we’ve found for growing traffic and brand awareness—a combination of user-focused search engine optimization and intent-driven content marketing ensure that new people are discovering our business all the time, often exactly when they have the kinds of marketing challenges that we’re positioned to help them with! Best of all, organic traffic is highly sustainable over time, making it one of the most cost-effective marketing channels.” 
 - Elisa Gabbert, Sr. SEO & Content Marketing Manager 
 SEO Specialist 
 Average base pay:  $50,500 
 Experience:  1-3+ years 
 Skills:  Experience with SEO tools like SEMrush, Screaming Frog, Search Console; experience with Google Analytics; some working knowledge of HTML/CSS; strong analytical skills; strong writing skills 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Support development and content teams on optimization projects to improve user engagement 
 
 
 Develop and maintain framework for keyword research 
 
 
 Develop and maintain link building strategies 
 
 
 Report on site and blog traffic 
 
 
 SEO Manager 
 Average base pay:  $68,500 
 Experience:  5+ years 
 Skills:  Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally to influence others collaboratively; strong communication and organizational skills; strong knowledge of analytics platforms like Google Analytics; demonstrated experience with keyword/data mining tools and competitive analysis; proven track-record of increasing traffic, and improving brand and site visibility 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Work with content team to ensure on-page, off-page, and technical SEO best practices are being implemented 
 
 
 Assist with monitoring and developing social media content 
 
 
 Work with developers on site architecture and design 
 
 
 Execute tests, collect and analyze data and results, and identify SEO trends and insights 
 
 
 
 Web Development Jobs 
 What is Web Development? 
 Trying to visualize the difference between a website designer and a website developer? Think of a house. A designer takes care of the interior decorating—the furniture, the drapes, the color scheme etc. A developer takes care of the infrastructure—the foundation, the electricity, the plumbing. Web developers are both architects and contractors. Web development jobs are most commonly divided into three areas of specialty: front end developers (who work on the part of the website with which users interact), back end developers (who work on the technology that powers the user-facing part of the website), and full stack developers (generalists proficient in both disciplines). 
 Front End Web Developer 
 Average base pay:  $88,700 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript; ability to write clean, performant code; experience with mobile/responsive design; familiar with frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation, Backbone, AngularJS, and EmberJS; familiar with libraries like jQuery and LESS 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Work closely with designers or user experience analysts to bring wireframes from development to delivery 
 
 
 Identify specific issues in user experience and provide codified solutions 
 
 
 Make informed recommendations on usage of appropriate libraries 
 
 
 Work with product, content, and engineering teams to facilitate QA testing 
 
 
 Back End Web Developer 
 Average base pay:  $88,500 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Fluency in server-side languages like PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, and .Net; fluency in data tools like MySQL, Oracle, and SQL Server; experience with PHP frameworks like Zend, Symfony, and CakePHP; experience with version control software like SVN, CVS, or Git; experience with Linux as a development and deployment system 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Create or contribute to web applications with clean, portable, well-documented code 
 
 
 Architect technology according to the needs of internal business stakeholders 
 
 
 Work closely with the product management team in prototyping and designing new features and solutions 
 
 
 Design and develop scalable software and product development solutions 
 
 
 
 Marketing Analytics Jobs 
 What is Marketing Analytics? 
 Marketing analytics is the practice of measuring, managing, and analyzing marketing performance to maximize its effectiveness and optimize return on investment (ROI). Marketing analysts sift through massive amounts of data in order to glean insights that will allow for more efficient customer and prospect marketing. Marketing teams leverage these insights to launch and optimize products, write conversion-friendly content, and develop paid remarketing strategies. 
 Hear it From the Expert 
 “Marketing analytics is essential to making business-intelligent decisions. At WordStream, we use analytics to produce real-time feedback, find trends, and visualize data relationships. We leverage this information to determine what’s working, what can be improved, and to create meaningful content for our readers.” 
 - Patrick Henry Carrera, Marketing Analyst at WordStream 
 Marketing Analyst 
 Average base pay:  $62,800 
 Experience:  2-4+ years 
 Skills:  Strong quantitative and communications skills; strong attention to detail; experience with statistical and website analytics tools; experience with data visualization software 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Design, conduct and interpret results of in-market tests 
 
 
 Generate data tracking strategies and implementation parameters 
 
 
 Organize and structure performance-related data from a variety of sources (paid media, social platforms, web analytics solutions, etc.) 
 
 
 Work cross-functionally to identify marketing optimization opportunities, including insightful recommendations to improve performance 
 
 
 
 ECommerce Jobs 
 What is ECommerce? 
 ECommerce refers, very generally speaking, to any business transaction conducted online. Most commonly, though, eCommerce takes the form of online shopping, in which goods are bought or sold over the internet. ECommerce has exploded over the last several years for a number of reasons—reduced costs, ease of access, inventory management, so forth. By 2020, global eCommerce sales are estimated to reach $4.058 trillion. From a marketing standpoint, eCommerce specialists are responsible for determining the format and features of websites in order to maximize purchasing clarity and ease of navigation for customers. 
 ECommerce Manager 
 Average base pay:  $75,300 
 Experience:  3-5+ years 
 Skills:  Organized, analytical person with strong technical skills; strong strategic planning experience; strong market knowledge (competitors, pricing, products, trends) 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Manage existing team and implement staff growth when necessary 
 IPlan for e-marketing expenditures and develop a financial plan that will maximize allotted resources 
 Evaluate KPIs of eCommerce business channels. Monitor trends and performance, and identify areas of opportunity 
 Identify, negotiate and manage project-related contractors and vendors as necessary 
 
 ECommerce Director 
 Average base pay:  $112,300 
 Experience:  7+ years 
 Skills:  Excellent written and verbal communication; highly detail-oriented and able to efficiently multi-task; proven track record of hiring and developing high-performing teams; demonstrated ability to collaborate, lead, and influence cross-functional teams 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Lead the development and execution of eCommerce strategy and implementation—including lead generation, digital customer engagement, and digital experience optimization 
 
 
 Push the organization to constantly evaluate issues from the consumer’s point of view 
 
 
 Identify and test new sales and marketing initiatives to increase online conversions 
 
 
 Analyze and communicate relevant eCommerce data to executive leadership and cross-functional partners 
 
 
 
 Demand Generation/Customer Acquisition Jobs 
 What is Demand Generation? 
 Demand generation is the process of driving interest in your business’s products or services. Today, demand gen typically takes the form of inbound marketing—paid and organic marketing strategies (social media, blogs, ebooks, what have you) which drive sales-qualified leads. 
 Hear it from the expert 
 “Demand Generation, Growth Hacking, Customer Acquisition—no matter what you call it, we’re the leading edge of the business, turning creative assets and ad copy into sales opportunities. Our work can include anything from business forecasting to troubleshooting technical systems to analyzing data in order to develop new ways to reach future customers. We're marketing scientists: testing, analyzing, innovating.” 
 - Aaron Doherty, Director of Lead Acquisition at WordStream 
 Digital Marketing Specialist 
 Average base pay:  $67,200 
 Experience:  2-3+ years 
 Skills:  Experience with AdWords, Facebook Ad Manager, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console and/or Bing Ads; knowledge of SEO best practices; solid analytical skills; experience with marketing automation tools like Marketo and Salesforce 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Closely monitor spend to ensure accounts are pacing properly based on predetermined budgets and flighting 
 
 
 Assist in the execution of digital programs including paid social media, email marketing, display, and search marketing 
 
 
 Perform competitive analysis, research new opportunities, and use data to provide strategic recommendations that support client growth 
 
 
 Monitor industry trends and apply best practices across accounts 
 
 
 Acquisition Marketing Manager 
 Average base pay:  $80,700 
 Experience:  5+ years 
 Skills:  Strong facility with AdWords, Facebook Ad Manager, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console and/or Bing Ads; SEM expertise; Strong analytical skills with an ability to learn and understand creative development; Strong familiarity with performance-based concepts like CPA and ROI 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Plan and successfully manage channel budgets 
 
 
 Develop weekly, monthly, and/or daily reporting on performance by channel 
 
 
 Analyze campaign performance data to drive continuous improvement and hypothesis-led testing of new concepts 
 
 
 Lead testing for ad creative, landing pages and other points of the purchasing funnel 
 
 
 Director of Acquisition Marketing/Demand Generation 
 Average base pay:  $116,000 
 Experience:  8+ years 
 Skills:  Extensive experience working with web analytics, A/B testing tools, campaign management platforms, 3rd party ad servers, tag management solutions, and DSPs; expertise in AdWords, Facebook Ad Manager, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Search Console and/or Bing Ads; excellent communication skills; ability to use data and informed reasoning to persuade others and influence outcomes 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Manage and mentor a team of acquisition marketing specialists 
 
 
 Measure and report appropriate KPIs and regularly share results and insights with executives 
 
 
 Lead forecasting and budget management for all acquisition marketing channels 
 
 
 Continually evaluate, recommend, and test full spectrum of performance media channels, including emerging platforms 
 
 
 
 Picking the Right Role for You 
 Phew! As you can see, if you’re thinking about embarking on a digital marketing career, there are a ton of jobs from which to choose. The good news? Though it may not feel like it, there’s very little danger of being shoehorned. You’ll notice by some of the above descriptions that there is plenty of overlap across marketing disciplines; and that the skills you’ll need for one job may very translate to another, should you want to pivot. 
 Happy hunting! 
 Have any jobs you’d like to see added to the list? Have a question or comment about one of the jobs already listed? Tweet us @WordStream! 
   
 
 
  REQUEST A CALL  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Company 
 
 About WordStream 
 Careers & Culture 
 Leadership 
 Partners 
 News 
 
 Learn 
 
 Growth Academy 
 PPC U 
 Webinars 
 Whitepapers 
 Videos 
 
 101 Huntington Ave, Floor 7 
Boston, MA 02199 
 Footer Secondary 1 
 
 Free Keyword Tool & Resources 
 Free Keyword Tool 
 Negative Keyword Tool 
 Keyword Generator 
 Best Keyword Research Tools 
 Keyword Grouping 
 Keyword Niche Finder 
 
 Footer Secondary 2 
 
 Search Marketing Fundamentals 
 Keyword Research 
 PPC Keyword Research 
 SEO Basics 
 Display Ads 
 AdWords Ads 
 Top Blog Posts 
 
 Footer Secondary 3 
 
 Marketing 101 
 Google's War on Free Clicks 
 How Much Does AdWords Cost? 
 Most Popular Keywords by Industry 
 Emotional Ads 
 Conversion Rate Optimization 
 
 Footer Secondary 4 
 
 Online Marketing Tools 
 AdWords Keyword Tool 
 Free Online Marketing Courses 
 Google Keyword Tool 
 Marketing Graders 
 New AdWords Tools 
 Smart Ads Creator 
 
 Footer Secondary 5 
 
 Call to Action Examples 
 Does Google AdWords Work? 
 Google Ads Certification Tips 
 What Is Google Ads? 
 What's a Good Click-Through Rate 
 
 Footer Secondary 6 
 
 PPC Research 
 Google CTR 
 Google Earnings by Industry 
 Most Expensive Keywords 
 The Economics of Quality Score 
 
 
 © WordStream. All Rights Reserved. 
 Footer Legal 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Trademarks 
 Legal 
 
