[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Account Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted October 4 
 Applications have closed 
 Kinsta 
 
 Overview 
 Kinsta is a modern cloud hosting company focused on WordPress hosting. We run our services on cutting edge technology and we are proud of the level of support we offer to our customers. Our talented and motivated team is scattered across the globe with team members hailing from every continent but Antarctica! We're constantly on the lookout for great talent to join our awesome team. If you’d like to become part of the Kinsta family, hit apply or drop us a line, we’d love to talk to you! 
 The  Account Manager  is responsible for working with customers to provide solutions and options to complex, technical, and non-technical situations. At its core, the Account Manager’s role is that of a partner and problem-solver to produce increased customer satisfaction and retention. 
 While the Account Manager will be working with customers on plan changes, the role is not a sales role. Account Management at Kinsta is centered around providing solutions rather than focusing on upselling. 
 As a Kinsta  Account Manager  you will: 
 
 Propose custom plan solutions and options for customers as applicable. Generate custom plan proposals based on customer need utilizing tools and workflows. 
 Be the internal owner and responsible party for existing customers who require custom plans and services, such as setup of dedicated servers and exponential traffic surge events, seeing them through from start to finish. 
 Work with customers and relevant internal teams to determine customer needs regarding programs such as traffic surge events by reviewing analytics, site performance, and other applicable data. Create proposals utilizing tools and workflows based on the information gathered and the customer’s needs. 
 Assist customers with general upgrade/downgrade questions and requests as needed. 
 Receive customer requests for assistance on assigned topics, including, but not limited to, requests for credit under the terms of Kinsta’s Service Level Agreement (SLA), and effectively and accurately apply Kinsta’s existing policies, Terms of Service, SLA, and other agreements when determining how to respond to customer requests. 
 Keep in contact with designated customers via email to build strong relationships. 
 Schedule and hold regular calls (voice and/or video) with designated customers to discuss their experience, needs, concerns, and feedback. 
 Engage with designated customers in situations where repeat issues may be affecting their Kinsta experience. Work with the customer and relevant internal teams to achieve resolution. 
 Share both positive and critical feedback received from designated customers using established internal channels. 
 
 Requirements 
 The ideal Kinsta Account Manager is technically-knowledgeable, upbeat, professional, curious, and self-motivated. 
 All of our Account Managers must meet the following core requirements: 
 
 Native-level fluency in both written and spoken English. 
 Previous experience in a customer-facing role in the web hosting industry. 
 Being a sysadmin isn’t required, but the more technical skills and understanding you bring to the role the better. Talking about RAM, PHP throughput, PHP+MySQL response time, caching (object and page), concurrent visitors, and PHP workers should be exciting to you! 
 Experience working with self-managed WordPress websites. 
 A willingness to initiate challenging conversations with customers when necessary, paired with a resilient personality capable of maintaining a positive outlook when working through such situations. 
 Enjoys people and wants to work directly with customers on a daily basis. 
 The ability to understand complex technical and financial topics and explain them simply in plain English. 
 The ability to be thoughtful, kind, diplomatic, patient, and firm when applying company policies to customer inquiries. 
 A demonstrated desire and capacity for ongoing learning. 
 Able to self-manage and get the job done without requiring close supervision; no micromanagement here! 
 Consummate professionalism: we're a distributed team and we expect you to act like the professional we know you are. That means being a member of the Kinsta team requires excellent communication, rock-solid reliability, and the drive to bring your best effort to bear on your work every single day. 
 Savvy with internet technologies and platforms. Ability to master the use of new platforms and online tools quickly. 
 Able to provide your own workspace, equipment, and reliable internet connectivity. As this role’s responsibilities include video conferencing with customers, a professional and presentable workspace is imperative. 
 
 Bonus points: 
 
 Deep expertise in any (or all!) of the following: WordPress, Linux, NGINX, PHP, and MySQL. 
 Previous Technical Account Management experience 
 Experience setting up, managing, and supporting LEMP/LAMP stacks. 
 
 Benefits 
 This is a fully-remote role. The Account Manager can work from anywhere with reliable broadband internet access. 
 This position offers a great deal of flexibility, responsibility, and opportunity for growth for the right candidate. 
 If you want to learn more about Kinsta and what it's like to work for our team, head to our website, Kinsta.com, and look for the About Us link in the footer. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  530 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Product Support Specialist 
 Airbase  The first all-in-one platform for spend management, giving companies unprecedented financial control and visibility. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Support
* December 21
 
 
 
 
 Global Revenue Enablement Manager 
 Degreed  The lifelong learning platform that exists to discover, empower and recognize the world's expertise. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Others
* December 23
 
 
 
 
 Head of Global Talent Acquisition 
 Techstars  The global platform for investment and innovation 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Operations
* January 12
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
