Routinepatrol's Blog 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Can it be possible that the gulf oil leak is still going? 
 Central 
 Goodbye Whitney Houston 
 NYC PHOTO OP: A TOURIST IN MY OWN TOWN 
 Obama-a product. 
 Ultimately the police may have to defend the Constitution. 
 Who will defend America from it's own government? 
 
 <- Times Square NY, Hot Dogs, Hustlers, Giuliani and Bums. 
 The " End of the World", Apocalypse and Judgement Day. -> 
 Censorship. Whose job is it to police the internet? 
 Posted on  May 13, 2011  by  routinepatrol 
 Several months ago I was watching a show while exercising that seemed to have a fairly simple premise " what do people think about the incident in Tienimen Square 15 yrs ago and how has it effected them". It started fairly direct. The person brought photos of the youth that stood in front of the communist tank in total defiance( called tank man) during a rebellion in which hundreds of unarmed people were shot in the back and killed. 
Nobody in the area of the incident at the same school heard of it or recognized the incident. Not only that but a search of the internet came up with nothing of it-the communists had erased history with a specialy designed program to sensor what they felt was inappropriate. Bad as this is, it was engineered by American companies-Google, Cisco and yahoo. The congressman investigating this crime against freedom was outraged as all of us should be. Now there is a bill COICA 2.0 before congress that allows the censoring of certain sites and the denial of access. This in effect is book burning at its worst as you don't even get to know which books are being burned. The dangers of an Orwellian society controlled by " thought police" is so beyond offensive to me as American that it boils my blood. What are your views? Do we have human rights? 
 Posted on Routine Patrol. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  America ,  book burning ,  censorship ,  China ,  communists ,  Freedom ,  George Orwell ,  google ,  Human Rights ,  police ,  syco ,  yahoo . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Times Square NY, Hot Dogs, Hustlers, Giuliani and Bums. 
 The " End of the World", Apocalypse and Judgement Day. -> 
 4 Responses to  Censorship. Whose job is it to police the  internet? 
 
 Pete V. says: 
 
  May 13, 2011 at 1:36 pm 
 While the gov't and their psychiatric henchmen are hard at work pouring billions of dollars into the dumbing down of America's children ('the future of our country'), they are simultaneously eroding our freedoms, stealthily. The internet should be kept free of government regulation, except where the law is actually broken as in copyright infringements. Otherwise they should stay out of it. 
 Reply 
 * [routinepatrol](https://routinepatrol.wordpress.com) says:
 
  May 13, 2011 at 2:11 pm 
 You are completely correct in that. 
 Reply 
 
 Diane McCloskey says: 
 
  May 13, 2011 at 10:47 pm 
 I also believe the internet should be unregulated/uncensored, whatever. "Change the channel" if you don't like it, put parental controls on if you don't want your kids on certain sites-that's personal regulation of what gets looked at. But who really can please all the people all the time and why give any one group that right? Let the people decide and let's just keep working on making the planet saner so all the nonsense falls along the wayside. 
 Reply 
 * [routinepatrol](https://routinepatrol.wordpress.com) says:
 
  May 13, 2011 at 10:54 pm 
 Diane, thanks for your response. The answer is to make a better world where the insanity, abuse and lack of freedom will not be a concern. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Ultimate Cup of Coffee 
 Veterans Murdered 
 SOPA: WTF 
 STREET ART NYC STYLE 
 SEX SELLS! 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 routinepatrol  on  SO LONG SMOKIN JOE FRAZIE… 
 
 
 
 
 Gil on  SO LONG SMOKIN JOE FRAZIE… 
 
 
 
 
 Tony  on  911, 10 years later it still… 
 
 
 
 routinepatrol  on  Censorship. Whose job is it to… 
 
 
 Diane McCloskey on  Censorship. Whose job is it to… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Routinepatrol's Blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
