Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Resident Specialist (Health Care Aide) 
 Carleton Place Terrace 
 __Carleton Place, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Symphony Senior Living is a leading provider of quality senior services in Canada; we provide private pay services to residents in our beautiful communities, from independent living, through to end of life. We are the true alternative to a Long-Term Care facility – to that end we are NOT a medical institution we are the HOME to many seniors of many levels of ability. We Serve BOTH our Seniors and Their loved ones. 
 We are currently seeking a passionate and  caring individuals  to join our team as Resident Specialists at our Carleton Place location. This community serves seniors needing  independent lifestyle and assisted living support . 
 You should be interested in this position if you love working with people and you find the challenge of connecting and serving residents with physical needs rewarding! We require, an experienced Leader of people, but more importantly someone who is compassionate and driven to provide a high quality, interactive, residential and compassionate environment to the resident, their families and the team. Our residents and families pay for all costs, so you must be able to understand budgeting and be a good steward of the resources available and our customers needs. 
 The perfect candidate may have experience with a variety of industries including customer service operations, food service, hospitality, retirement home or long-term care. We will teach you our systems, programs and philosophy, but we can not teach compassion and empathy, so you will demonstrate those to us in an interview process. 
 Qualifications 
 
 Genuinely enjoys seniors and engaging with people. Loves to make people smile. 
 Understands and embraces the philosophy of the Symphony Resident Specialist role whereby resident specialists support residents with all activities of daily living, including personal care, dining, activities, housekeeping and socialization 
 Understands and embraces the philosophy and practice of the designated resident specialist concept whereby resident specialists will, wherever possible, regularly support the needs of the same residents during each shift they work 
 Bring their whole self to the position and shares with the residents, family and team members: their passions, interests in activities and other interactions. 
 Strong team orientation, cooperation and involvement. 
 Demonstrates a positive, flexible work style and approach to the implementation of change 
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills: must speak, read and write English to a high school level. 
 Excellent organizational skills 
 Interacts calmly, positively, and with respect to build and maintain productive relationships with residents, families and other members of the team 
 Assists co-workers whenever possible to meet residents’ needs, deliver high quality services and promote a harmonious living and working environment 
 Communicates on a timely basis and includes all applicable departments in the care of our residents e.g., wellness, dietary, activities 
 Supports both team and organizational goals 
 Abides by the policies and procedures of the organization: including, but not limited to - confidentiality, conflict of interest, cell phone use, attendance and all others. Will request access to copies of policies to review if not familiar with the policies and their location. 
 Accepts responsibility for own actions and behaviors 
 Demonstrates personal flexibility in meeting resident needs vs. completing specific tasks 
 Applies new skills and knowledge acquired through training to improve quality of resident care and work practices 
 Demonstrates responsibility for own health and safety 
 Demonstrates responsibility for the health and safety of our residents and staff 
 
 Communication 
 
 Communicates verbally and non-verbally appropriately and effectively 
 Actively listens to the ideas of others and considers both sides of an issue 
 Alters his/her approach with individual residents to ensure effective communication is achieved 
 Receives and gives constructive feedback to others 
 Demonstrates respect for others when communicating information or his/her opinion 
 Finds areas of agreement when working with individuals or groups in conflict 
 
 Must be able to communicate in English (written, verbal, reading) 
Fluent in English 
 
 Follows up on all resident and family inquiries (takes accountability to ensure reply is given) 
 Fulfills commitments in a timely and responsible manner 
 Provides services in such a way that problems and unpredictable events are invisible to the resident and family 
 Maintains a positive and friendly manner at all times (greets residents by name and assists family members as needed) 
 If upset or frustrated, appropriately discusses with coordinator in a calm and rational manner: elevates unresolved concerns in writing in a complaint resolution process. Does not involve residents or family in frustrations. 
 Promotes actions that support best outcomes for each resident’s physical, emotional and spiritual needs 
 Implements and recommends modifications to resident service plans which support the changing needs of the resident 
 Acts as a resident advocate 
 Respects and supports the rights of residents to maintain an independent lifestyle with dignity in their own home 
 Seeks to understand each resident, their background and life history reviews the life history of each residents prior to first shift serving a new resident. 
 Answers call bells when necessary. 
 Deals courteously with staff, residents, resident families and visitors. 
 Helps residents maintain independence, promotes dignity and physical safety of each resident. 
 Strives to understand and respond to each resident with empathy, always remaining mindful of the resident’s unique communication patterns, history and basic human needs. 
 Assists residents with ADLs such as personal hygiene, mobility, proper nutrition and socialization 
 Actively participates in ADLs including resident dining, activities and life skills, laundry and light housekeeping 
 Distributes resident medications in accordance with required practices and policies 
 Undertakes observation, reporting and recording of ADLs and changes in resident conditions per the required policies and procedures 
 Is knowledgeable of the emergency procedures for the community 
 Applies the principles of proper infection control 
 Performs safe handling, lifting and positioning of residents 
 Applies the principle of healing processes and skin integrity 
 Escorts residents who require assistance to and from dining room and activities 
 Shares responsibility for the housekeeping and laundry duties 
 Appropriately calls for assistance when required 
 Actively participates in in-service programs 
 Performs other duties as deemed necessary by the Department Coordinator 
 Must be able to deal with exposure to dust during performance of duties and work safely with cleaning compounds 
 We are pet friendly property; must be able to be around and handle pets including, cats, dogs, birds and fish as assigned. We can NOT accommodate allergies or phobias to animals in this position. 
 Lifting alone, maximum 40 lbs. (5-25 lbs. usual) as a major job function. Lifting, with assistance, maximum 160 lbs. (100-120 lbs. usual) as a major job function 
 Pushing/pulling using wheeled equipment such as carts, trolleys, maximum 100 lbs. (20-50 Lbs. Usual) as a major job function 
 Stretching/reaching on a regular frequency throughout the shift, as a minor job function. 
 Walking with possibility some upstairs walking, up to 3 hrs. Maximum (1-2 hrs. Usual) as a major job function 
 Standing for lengths of time, up to 3 hrs. Maximum (1-2 hrs. usual) as a major job function 
 Bending/stooping on a regular frequency throughout the shift, as a major job function 
 Crouching/kneeling for short periods of time as a minor job function 
 Carries and transports objects of various sizes, to a maximum of 25 lbs. (5-15 lbs. Usual) as a major job function 
 Caring 
 Committed 
 Genuine 
 Open-minded 
 Flexible 
 Hard Working 
 Honest 
 Trustworthy 
 Demonstrates integrity 
 Creative 
 Demonstrates initiative 
 
 Other Items to be aware of: 
 · Symphony is an equal opportunity employer 
 · This position is  a Union  position 
 · You must pass a Vulnerable sector back ground check 
 · You must be able to work with Dogs and Cats and other animals 
 · You will not be allowed to wear scrubs or medical uniforms 
 · You must be legally allowed to work in Canada 
 · You must be in good physical health as this job requires lifting, sitting, standing and walking. 
 · Must be able to read and write in English to a minimum High School Level 
 Please send Cover Letter and resume, detailing you interest in this position. We thank you in advance for your interest, but only those that we chose to interview will be contacted. 
 Part-time hours: 20-37.5 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Permanent 
 Salary: From $16.28 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Workplace Hazardous Material Information System (WHMIS) (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
