Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Global Integrated Business Planning 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Smiths Falls, ON, Canada Req #3212 
Tuesday, 29 September 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Canopy Growth Corporation is looking for a Director, Global Integrated Business Planning (IBP) to join its Supply Chain team on a permanent full-time basis. 
 The Canopy Growth integrated business planning hierarchy includes Global IBP and Regional IBP, and is fully integrated with lower level planning processes. 
 Reporting to the Vice President Supply Chain, the mandate of the Director, Global IBP is to implement, manage, execute, track and improve the performance of the Canopy Growth IBP processes regionally, improve IBP in alignment with peers in other regions, and participate in the Global IBP process on behalf of his/her region. 
 Responsibilities 
 Successful implementation of the IBP processes and sub-processes 
Collaboration with the process owner for the planning and execution of the IBP process 
Participation in the IBP process by functional areas such as Sales, Marketing, Supply Chain, Operations, Quality Assurance, Logistics, Procurement, and others as required 
Imparting of IBP knowledge related to processes, tools, and roles and responsibilities 
Maintenance of planning data related to areas such as grow and production capacity, as well as regional expansion plans 
Creation, documentation and dissemination of IBP plans 
Tracking, reporting, and actioning (as applicable) of key performance indicators (KPIs) 
Identification and rectification of gaps in process, capacities, and knowledge 
Definition and implementation of the regional communications plan 
Preparation and submission of input to the Global IBP process 
Processing and/or collection and dissemination of Global IBP process outputs 
Additional participation in the Global IBP process as required 
Dissemination of plans in accordance with Global IBP guidelines 
Implementation and management of lower-level planning processes 
Participation with peers in the definition, design, and on-going management of IBP KPIs and the IBP scorecard 
Identification and reporting of supply chain risks 
Adherence to Canopy IBP processes and the use of approved tools 
Collaboration with peers in process improvement activities 
Building, managing, and maintaining a highly effective IBP department staffed with qualified people 
Leading the implementation and maintenance of the company’s advanced planning system with the support of the product owner 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
 Bachelor’s degree in supply chain management or related field and/or 
Graduate degree in supply chain management and/or 
Professional supply chain certification (APICS/SCOR) 
Advanced knowledge and experience with the Kinaxis Rapid Response Planning Platform is a must 
Strong ability to multitask 
Excellent communication skills 
What if scenario planning 
Capacity planning/management 
Production planning capacity utilization 
Forecasting 
Inventory management 
Logistics network modeling 
Sales & Operations Planning (S&OP) 
Master Production Scheduling (MPS) 
Materials Requirements Planning (MRP) 
Production scheduling 
 Other Details 
 This is a full-time position based out of Smiths Falls, ON with occasional travel required. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
