Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 11R - Archaeological Program Assistant 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Archaeological Program Assistant 
Clerk R11 
 This posting is to establish an eligibility list for future permanent and/or temporary opportunities. 
There is currently a temporary opportunity unit March 31, 2021. This opportunity may be extended and/or become permanent. 
 Do you thrive in a high volume environment? Do you enjoy serving a diversified public? Can you change priorities on a dime? 
 The Ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development (FLNR) is accountable for land and resource management in British Columbia, including the protection of the Province’s archaeological and heritage resources. FLNR engages in activities that provide environmental, economic, cultural and social benefits to all British Columbians. This work directly contributes to the achievement of the Province’s goals of reconciliation, clean growth and a strong, sustainable economy. 
 The Archaeology Branch within the Integrated Resource Operations Division in FLNR encourages and facilitates the protections, conservation and public appreciation of British Columbia’s unique archaeology resources under the Heritage Conservation Act. In accordance with the Act, the Archaeology Branch adjudicates applications for permits which, if issued, allow for the study of archaeological resources or for development to take place within protected sites, under certain terms and conditions. The Branch is also responsible for maintaining a provincial heritage register of all know archaeological sites, heritage sites and objects, heritage wrecks and other types of sites, and overseeing access to archaeological information. 
 Reporting to the Manager, Archaeological Operations, this position supports the Heritage Conservation Act (HCA) permitting referral and approval process for development projects and archaeological studies, which are subject to First Nations consultation. This work requires a high level of organization, attention to detail and cultural sensitivity. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Kimberley.Dunn@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation or equivalent. 
A minimum of 2 years of experience using MS Office suite of applications: Excel, Word, Powerpoint, etc., including formatting and editing letters and documents. Preference may be given for experience creating and maintaining templates. 
Experience using databases (e.g., entering, updating and retrieving data, conducting data accuracy checks, conducting searches and extracting information, creating or managing files). 
A minimum of 2 years of experience providing administrative/clerical services in an office setting. 
Experience providing project and /or program management support services. 
Experience in records management or filing. Preference may be given for ARCS/ORCS experience. 
Experience administering mail and responding to a variety of inquiries and requests for information from customers and/or clients by phone and/or in-person. 
Preference may be given to those with experience working with First Nation communities. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 CRC - A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover Letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
