
 
 
 
 platform 
 
 
 for corporate 
 
 Solution for Corporate 
 Direct Sourcing 
 
 
 
 for staffing 
 
 Solution for Staffing 
 Professional Staffing 
 Commercial Staffing 
 Healthcare Staffing 
 
 
 
 resources 
 
 WorkLLama Blog 
 Humanizing the Candidate Journey eBook 
 Guide To Viral Recruiting eBook 
 About WorkLLama 
 
 
 
 request a demo 
 
 
 platform 
 
 
 for corporate 
 
 Solution for Corporate 
 Direct Sourcing 
 
 
 
 for staffing 
 
 Solution for Staffing 
 Professional Staffing 
 Commercial Staffing 
 Healthcare Staffing 
 
 
 
 resources 
 
 WorkLLama Blog 
 Humanizing the Candidate Journey eBook 
 Guide To Viral Recruiting eBook 
 About WorkLLama 
 
 
 
 request a demo 
 
 
 Sales Executive 
 WorkLLama  >  About  >  Careers  > Sales Executive 
 Is this your next role? 
 Sales Executive 
 Director or Regional VP 
 Anywhere U.S. (preferably Atlanta, GA) 
 WorkLLama is a talent community platform that helps companies to optimize and amplify their brand experience to their talent and create powerful employee and candidate experiences. Its technology makes it possible to foster meaningful, more human connections with talent, leading to exceptional and inspired workforces that fuel business success. 
 To that end, we have a welcoming and supportive culture here at WorkLLama. We treasure authentic diversity, prioritize inclusion, and make sure there's room at the table for all. Together, we ask hard questions. We abandon the way things have always been done. We experiment, test new ideas and help each team member grow. Because being people-first with our product means being people-first in our culture. That's where you come in. 
 We are looking for a true game-changer who is dynamic, progressive, and strategic, someone who is a competitor by nature and wants to make their mark on the HR tech industry. 
 If this sounds like you, and you want to disrupt the industry with a game-changing talent community platform and be a part of a team of winners, we want to speak with you! 
 What you'll be doing: 
 
 Drive corporate sales strategy to achieve target quotas 
 Develop a go-to-market strategy, planning, networking and prospecting to generate robust pipeline of opportunities and meet revenue targets 
 Provide insights into sales cycles and process to efficiently navigate deals 
 Learn about WorkLLama products and services to ensure subject matter expertise 
 Communicate with team members effectively 
 Interface with customer at all levels 
 Create and present client proposals that result in winning sales 
 Gather market and client intelligence and provides strategic feedback to Marketing, Service, and Sales to strengthen offerings and capture additional business 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree with minimum 6-10 years of sales experience with demonstrated success in selling business applications in the HR space, preferably VMS, HRIS or MSP solutions to Fortune 500 companies 
 3-5 years of related SaaS sales experience 
 Experience selling to broad industry base 
 Excellent communication and networking skills; ability to interface at all levels and build trust and credibility 
 Energetic, outgoing, and friendly demeanor, combined with enthusiasm and a positive attitude 
 Unwavering commitment to personal performance, and a history of over-achieving monthly and quarterly sales quotas 
 Strong positive coaching background combined with professional integrity 
 Proficient with corporate productivity and presentation tools 
 Experience working in a CRM, including sales forecasting for your territory 
 A logical and methodical sales process 
 Intellectual curiosity; someone who strives to understand everything about the market and the needs of our customers in order to provide a compelling solution 
 
 Benefits: 
 Comprehensive benefits built to help you feel appreciated, supported and energized. 
 
 All-inclusive Healthcare 
 Paid time off 
 Flexibility 
 Parental Leave 
 Tuition Assistance 
 Wellness Programs 
 Team Discounts 
 Events & Outings 
 
 Apply Now 
 Send us an email with "Sales Executive" in the subject line, include a brief message about why you're a great fit for this role, and attach your resume as a PDF or DOC. 
 Apply by email 
   
 770-691-5853 
 3655 North Point Parkway 
Suite 450 
Alpharetta, GA 30005 
 1st Floor, IndiQube South Island, 
24th Main, JP Nagar, Phase 2 
Bengaluru – 560078 
India 
 Company 
 news & events 
 about workLLama 
 careers 
 partners 
 why the llama? 
 EDUCATION 
 workLLama blog 
 humanizing candidate experience 
 viral recruiting 
 coronavirus guidance 
 Connect With Us 
     
 
Official Bullhorn Integrator 
 Terms of Service 
 Employers 
 Job Seekers 
 Referral Program 
 Copyright © WorkLLama | 2020 All Rights Reserved |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy 
 We use cookies on this website to improve your experience, assist its functioning and achieve other purposes defined in our  Cookie Notice  and  Privacy Policy . Don't want to accept cookies? Change your browser cookie settings at any time. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookies settings, click a link or button to accept when prompted, you give your consent to our use of cookies. Find more info in our  Cookie Notice  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Cookie settingsACCEPT 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
