  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 Rate:  £16.99 - £17.00 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Band 6 Complaints Team 
 Calling all Complaints Team/HR Admins in Cambridge. 
 Our client in Fulbourne are looking for an experienced Band 6 HR Admin for a 6-month period. 
 Please look below and also note that NHS experience is preferable. 
 Hours: Office Hours (9-5pm) 37.5 Hours. 
6 Month Contract 
Rate of pay £17 Per hour PAYE. 
 Job Duties: 
, Manage the complaints service across the trust ensuring complaints are managed in line with regulations and responded to fully and within a timely manner 
, To ensure all complaints are promptly assessed, elements discussed and clarified with the complainant. 
 Early resolution is explored 
, Monitor the progress of complaint investigations and take prompt actions to ensure a seamless and timely complaints management process and take appropriate measures to ensure that the Trust KPI's and targets relating to complaints are met. 
 , To facilitate and attend local complaints resolution meetings. 
, Work with other NHS and social care providers to ensure where appropriate complaints involving multiple agencies are responding to jointly in line with the NHS and Social Care Complaints Regulations 
, Act as the Trust lead on complaints with external bodies including the Parliamentary Health Service Ombudsman, Local Government Ombudsman and Care Quality Commission. 
, Work with the Complaints Co-ordinators and Senior Managers to monitor the implementation of complaints investigation action plans. 
, Have up to date knowledge of national guidelines and policies pertaining to management of complaints. 
, Provide advice and information on complaints process, investigation and management as well as on wider complaints related matters using a range of media/communication methods. 
, Utilise persuasive and negotiating skills to obtain co-operation from others to meet deadlines. 
, Liaise with service users, relatives/carers, members of staff and external agencies in a respectful and efficient manner 
, Provide and receive complex information where agreement or co-operation from NHS staff at all levels of the organisation is required. 
Applicants should be confident in their own abilities and keen learners in order to fulfil the role to the best of your ability. 
 If this sounds like you, and if you want to discuss the role further then please contact Matt at service care solutions on 01772 208 953. 
 Alternatively, please email. 
 Matt.clarke@servicecare.org.uk. 
 , The Benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
, , £250 training allowance 
, , Excellent pay rates 
, , Exceptional referral bonuses 
, , Specialist's Non-Medical Non Clinical consultants offering single point of contact 
, , Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, , Nationwide provider of staff to cover over 40 different NHS trust and private organisations 
, , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £16.99 - £17.00 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 953 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
