  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home  
  Blog  
  Job Search  
 How to Show That You're a Subject Matter Expert 
 
 How to Show That You're a Subject Matter Expert 
 
 Sari Friedman 
 July 20, 2020 
 
 When you are in career transition, it is important to strengthen and communicate your  career brand . For some roles, it can be beneficial to demonstrate that you are a subject matter expert in your field or industry. It may be particularly of value in roles where there is a high premium on innovation, thought leadership and expertise. There are a few ways you can convey this via your  resume  and  LinkedIn profile . 
 Associate Yourself with Success 
 A great way to show that you are a subject matter expert in your field is to  be affiliated with Associations . If you are, be sure to indicate this in its own section on your resume and LinkedIn profile. You can also qualify your involvement, especially if you’re part of a steering committee or member of the executive. 
 Mentioning your certifications is another way to demonstrate expertise. If it is commonly done in your field, you can place the certification following your name as is typically done with PMP (Project Management Professional certification), P.Eng. (Professional Engineering Certification) and CPA (Certified Public Accountant). You can also have a Certifications section on your resume to further elaborate by indicate the name of the certification and the certifying body. 
 If you have spoken at conferences or published articles related to your field, you should indicate those on your resume and LinkedIn profile as well. 
 Learning Can Enhance Expertise 
 If you are enhancing your expertise with education, you will want to include this on your resume and LinkedIn profile. Even if you are currently enrolled in the program but it won't be completed for a while, you can still include it, just indicate the expected year of completion. You can indicate this in brackets next to the name of the program and the institution. If enrollment in this program will be of significant interest to potential employers, you should also mention it in the Profile of your resume and the About section of your LinkedIn profile. 
 Communicating Subject Matter Expertise on LinkedIn 
 There are many ways to actively and passively convey expertise on  LinkedIn . Follow established thought leaders in your field. Follow organizations who are leaders in fields related to what you do and what you want to do next.  Join LinkedIn Groups  with a focus on your profession. Read books and articles to stay up to date on what is happening in your industry and post some of that information on LinkedIn. It is recommended that you review information thoroughly before posting it because posting it connects it to your career brand. To convey your areas of focus and interest through LinkedIn, you can comment on others' posts that are relevant to what you do. Aim to comment, share, or post on LinkedIn one time per week to remain active and top of mind. 
 
 Especially if subject matter expertise is highly regarded in your field, you will want to focus on your main career brand touchpoints, the resume and LinkedIn profile, to convey your expertise. 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 How to Play Up Your Skills on Paper  
 3 Steps to Convert a Job Search to a Marketing Campaign  
 
 Menu 
 
 Job Search  
 Networking  
 Cover Letter Writing  
 Resume Writing  
 Interviewing  
 Job Offer  
 Career  
 Update  
 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
