  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 16 hours ago 
 Integrate Shiprocket Api with Wix 
 Published: 16 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 Hello 
I want to integrate API of Shiprocket with Wix. This will help in automatically creating shipping labels for orders. Right now we have to do it manually via a CSV file. 
Shiprocket is our shipping partner 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  J. S. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 22 hours ago 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Published: 22 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a Virtual Assistant who will be responsible for administrative support to our team while working remotely,he or she must be living inside United Kingdom (uk),usa and new zealand only,you will handle administrative projects and deliver high-quality work under minimum supervision. 
You are required to have experience of fulfilling various administrative tasks٫ including answering emails٫ scheduling meetings and making travel arrangements. 
You will be working remotely from Monday to Friday,five hours everyday,you will be pay $25 per hour and you will receive your pay bi-weekly. 
 Virtual Assistant responsibilities are: 
1)Organize communication via emails and phone calls 
2)Provide customer service as first point of contact 
3)Organize meetings٫ travels and accommodations 
4)Manage contact lists and organize managers’ calendars 
5)Create and review customer spreadsheets and keep online records 
6)Conduct market research and report on the results 
7)Prepare presentations 
8)Help employees with their administrative queries 
9)Purchasing of office equipment via provider. 
 Virtual Assistant requirements are: 
1)Experience as a Virtual Assistant or other relevant position 
2)Significant experience with current technologies٫ like desktop sharing٫ cloud services and VoIP 
3)Good practical experience with word-processing software and spreadsheets٫ particularly MS Office 
4)Good practical experience with online calendars and scheduling٫ particularly Google Calendar 
5)Strong phone٫ email and instant messaging communication skills 
6)Strong organizational and time management skills 
7)High school diploma; additional qualification as an Administrator or Executive Assistant will be a bonus. 
If you’re interested kindly get back to me. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. E. Last reply: 13 hours ago  United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 17 hours ago 
 Preciso de um script para site Adsense 
 Published: 17 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 Category IT & Programming 
Subcategory Web development 
Is this a project or a position? Project 
I currently have I have an idea 
Required availability As needed 
Experience in this type of projects Yes (I have managed this kind of project before) 
API Integrations Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
Roles needed Developer 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Font-based (A text-based logo with the name of the company) 
 Published by:  J. E. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 19 hours ago 
 App for skilled worker 
 Published: 19 hours ago  Bids: 2 
 i want to manage my team of skilled worker 
i want an app that can cater our customer outside and my skilled worker services 
i can use this app to expand my list of skilled worker and my potential client 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Promotion - Application to promote your business/company 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  B. S. Philippines 
 USD 250 - 500 
 20 hours ago 
 Design a website for my company 
 Published: 20 hours ago  Bids: 11 
 I need a corporate website featuring our company. I would like to get started as soon as possible. I'll be standing by for new messsages 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  T. S. F. Malaysia 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 22 hours ago 
 Promote our Patreon page or Youtube channel 
 Published: 22 hours ago  Bids: 4 
 Hi, we need not bot traffic from USA to your Patreon or Youtube channel 
 can you make promotion at YouTube, twitter or other place? 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Russian Federation 
 USD 50 - 100 
 22 hours ago 
 Smart Fishnet 
 Published: 22 hours ago  Deadline: 41 Bids: 3 
 It is a B to B and B to C business platform where cryptocurrency technology will be used we will be providing the technology as well as the product it can be operated in all devices. Programming language should be Python. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad, Other 
 I need to  : Migrate an app 
 App type  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  S. P. Last reply: 4 days ago  India 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
