
 
 
 
 platform 
 
 
 for corporate 
 
 Solution for Corporate 
 Direct Sourcing 
 
 
 
 for staffing 
 
 Solution for Staffing 
 Professional Staffing 
 Commercial Staffing 
 Healthcare Staffing 
 
 
 
 resources 
 
 WorkLLama Blog 
 Humanizing the Candidate Journey eBook 
 Guide To Viral Recruiting eBook 
 About WorkLLama 
 
 
 
 request a demo 
 
 
 platform 
 
 
 for corporate 
 
 Solution for Corporate 
 Direct Sourcing 
 
 
 
 for staffing 
 
 Solution for Staffing 
 Professional Staffing 
 Commercial Staffing 
 Healthcare Staffing 
 
 
 
 resources 
 
 WorkLLama Blog 
 Humanizing the Candidate Journey eBook 
 Guide To Viral Recruiting eBook 
 About WorkLLama 
 
 
 
 request a demo 
 
 
 Careers 
 WorkLLama  >  Company  > Careers 
 Careers 
 Join our team. 
 We're on a mission to change how people connect, revolutionize the way teams grow and take your career to new heights. 
 see open jobs 
 "WorkLLama is fun. We have a collaborative environment and a management team that focuses on each person’s growth. I’m learning new things all the time.” 
 Vikash Kumar Tiwary 
Senior Software Engineer 
 "Incredible colleagues, family-like culture and unmatched technology make WorkLLama a great place to work. Plus, I love seeing clients benefit from our next-gen platform and harness the power of their employer brand.” 
 Chris Kennedy 
Vice President of Sales 
 Our Values 
 Being people-first with our product means being people-first at the office. 
 That's where you come in. 
 We're curious people. At WorkLLama, we ask hard questions. And we're not afraid to experiment to find the best answers. You'll want to bring your boldest ideas and be ready to listen closely, too. 
 Voices matter here. Because it's only through embracing the dynamics, perspectives and quirks of being utterly human, together, that we can build the best people-first solutions and address problems in ways that will change the way people find and fill jobs for generations to come. 
 To keep our teams rowing in that direction, we live and work as a company by these values. 
 Curiosity 
 Empathy 
 Listening 
 Inclusion 
 Levity 
 Drive 
 see your benefits 
 Your benefits 
 Comprehensive benefits built to help you feel appreciated, supported and energized. 
 All-Inclusive 
 Healthcare 
 Medical, dental, vision and paid medical leave 
 Paid 
 Time Off 
 Vacation, sick and holidays 
 Flexible 
 Work 
 Work schedules that support real life 
 Parental 
 Leave 
 Support for bringing home a new child 
 Tuition 
 Assistance 
 Support for always learning 
 Wellness Programs 
 Free programs to keep you healthy, wealthy and wise 
 Team 
 Discounts 
 On services & products we love 
 Events & Outings 
 We work hard and play hard, together! 
 Find your job 
 Join the WorkLLama team 
 The talented people we're actively seeking to help shape the future of candidate engagement, referral management and human experience are described below. 
 
 
 
 Data Scientist 
 
 
 Inside Sales Representative 
 
 
 Marketing Manager 
 
 
 Senior UI/UX Designers 
 
 
 Strategic Sales Executive 
 
 
 Don 't see your role?  Stay tuned. WorkLLama is growing, fast. Be sure to follow us on social to keep up with what's going on and learn more about the company. 
   
 770-691-5853 
 3655 North Point Parkway 
Suite 450 
Alpharetta, GA 30005 
 1st Floor, IndiQube South Island, 
24th Main, JP Nagar, Phase 2 
Bengaluru – 560078 
India 
 Company 
 news & events 
 about workLLama 
 careers 
 partners 
 why the llama? 
 EDUCATION 
 workLLama blog 
 humanizing candidate experience 
 viral recruiting 
 coronavirus guidance 
 Connect With Us 
     
 
Official Bullhorn Integrator 
 Terms of Service 
 Employers 
 Job Seekers 
 Referral Program 
 Copyright © WorkLLama | 2020 All Rights Reserved |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy 
 We use cookies on this website to improve your experience, assist its functioning and achieve other purposes defined in our  Cookie Notice  and  Privacy Policy . Don't want to accept cookies? Change your browser cookie settings at any time. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookies settings, click a link or button to accept when prompted, you give your consent to our use of cookies. Find more info in our  Cookie Notice  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Cookie settingsACCEPT 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
