__ 
 Search the site 
 
 
 Home 
 Local Casinos by Region 
 
 US Casinos 
 Canadian Casinos 
 South American Casinos 
 European Casinos 
 Asian Casinos 
 
 
 Best Online Casinos 
 
 USA Accepted Online Casinos 
 Safest & Most Trusted 
 Best Bonus Casinos 
 Live Dealer Casinos 
 Mobile Phone Casinos 
 Online Casino Deposits 
 Online Casino Games
 
 Online Blackjack 
 Online Video Poker 
 Online Three Card Poker 
 Online Roulette 
 Online Pai Gow 
 Online Craps 
 Online Baccarat 
 
 
 More Ways to Gamble Online
 
 Online Sports Betting 
 Online Horse Race Betting 
 Online Poker 
 Online Bingo 
 Online Lotteries 
 
 
 
 
 Beginners Guide 
 
 Player Reward Programs 
 
 Total Rewards 
 M life Rewards 
 Wynn Red Card Club Program 
 PNG Marquee Rewards Program 
 Station Casinos Boarding Pass 
 Eldorado ONE Club 
 
 
 Table Games 
 Slots 
 Video Poker 
 Poker 
 Sports Betting 
 
 
 News 
 
 __ 
 New Casino Openings Create Job Opportunities 
 Date Written: Jan 29, 2019 
 Written by: Samantha Fow 
 Gambling may not have the most sterling reputation in the entertainment industry, but recent casino openings have already brought a generous amount of tax revenue to state governments and local communities across the nation. And in addition to this expanding revenue base, gaming brings stable jobs to local communities. Expanding the world of casino gambling will create thousands of jobs and provide some stability to local communities, many of which are experiencing economic shifts as a consequence of our evolving global economy. 
 Casinos Bring Revenue to Coal Country 
 Since the Supreme Court ruling in May that overturned the federal prohibition on  sports betting , many states have moved to take advantage of new opportunities to fill their coffers by allowing  casinos  and  sportsbooks  to conduct business in their territories. And many of these communities are in areas that have been impacted by poor economic practices of the past. 
 In the beginning of January, the Danville City Council unanimously voted on a resolution to allow a casino resort to be built in the town. While this is only one step in the multistep process to bring gambling to the City of Danville. Currently, the resolution still has to go through the General Assembly in Richmond, Virginia. After which, Voters will have the opportunity to either approve or dismantle the proposal in a local referendum. 
 Vice-Mayor Lee Vogler stated that the city felt they “owed it to the people of Danville” to give them the opportunity to choose whether opening a casino is the best way to uplift the city’s economy. Danville made headlines a few years ago after the town experienced an environmental disaster. In 2014, a nearby coal mine spilled nearly 40,000 tons of toxic sludge into the nearby Dan River. Danville agreed to a settlement in 2016, but the town is still badly in need of a new beginning. 
 Gaming Creates Opportunities for Growth 
 The casino resort proposed in Danville is estimated to bring in around $20 million in tax revenue each year. This is nearly ten times the amount the Danville City Council accepted as a one-time payment to settle the environmental damage it experienced following the 2014 coal toxin release. 
 Danville’s Vice-Mayor explained that if the referendum passes, it will be one of the most significant economic development projects Danville has seen in a very long time. The opening of a casino in Danville will result in roughly 7,000 new jobs, with employee salaries averaging around $46,000 per year. Over the next ten years, the casino is estimated to bring in around $1 billion in spending to be siphoned into the city’s local economy. 
 Danville has had a rocky economy over the past few years, but Danville’s city council is hopeful that introducing a casino into the city will help Danville’s economy get back on track. Casinos bring jobs, tax revenues, and tourist dollars to local economies badly in need of new opportunities. While it may be as late as the end of February before a decision is made in Danville, we’re sure to see more and more casino openings in small towns as gaming continues to expand across the country. 
 Related Posts: 
 
 Tioga Downs Casino and Raceway Review 
 Atlantic City Casinos Boast Plentiful Job Openings 
 How to Become a Casino Dealer 
 Playing Poker Professionally 
 Legalized Gambling Creates Opportunities and… 
 United Kingdom Casinos 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 
 Bios 
 Gaming Companies 
 Cryptocurrency Gambling 
 Responsible Gambling 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 Sitemap 
 
 Find Us: 
 World Casino Index © 2019 
