Skip to content 
   
 High performance results in your own home gym 
 
 
 Blog 
 About 
 Book 
 
 Why did Steve Jobs read this book every year? 
 De we agree that Steve Jobs was a pretty interesting man? Think about what he accomplished. 
 An interesting fact about Steve is that he read Autobiography of Yogi every year. AND - he had this book given away at his funeral, too. 
 Why? 
 Why did Steve spend so much time on this book? 
 This is just a guess, but having read the book myself and gone through the over 150 lessons that you can subscribe to, I think I know the reason. 
 See, this is something that messes all of us up. 
 Something that once you know about it, you see that most other people don't know about it, and don't do it properly. 
 Most people don't know how to think. Throughout my reading and my experience, I've learned that most people live on a sort of automatic pilot. 
 This causes us to merely recreate what we've been exposed to environmentally or through heredity. Nature and nature. 
 It seems that Steve and other men of accomplishment have overcome this. Can you? 
 Can you begin to get awareness of your thinking and see what is going on inside? What kind of thoughts you're thinking? How they are affecting you? Changing your thoughts to be better? 
 Of course you can. Consider that you can be in a vastly different place a year from now if you begin to take on this challenging, meaningful work. 
 Most of the things people do are a form of escapism or stimulation. If you can overcome this need, if you can stop sabotaging yourself, you can make huge progress just in the scope of a year. 
 Are you up for the #OneYearTransformationChallenge? 
 Perhaps starting out by checking out the book read by Steve Jobs every year would be a good thing to do:  Autobiography of a Yogi (Reprint of the Philosophical library 1946 First Edition) 
 Justin 2019-08-06T15:14:20+00:00 
 Share This Post, Choose Your Platform! 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Whatsapp Tumblr Pinterest 
 About the Author:  Justin 
 I want to help you lose weight, gain strength, and kill your addictions so you're more capable and productive.  Sign up for the newsletter  and check out  The Home Gym Self-Improvement Plan  to get started. Sign up for the newsletter here: 
 
 10 key tips from strength athletes and healers of the past 
 ** 
 Put your email below and the first message you get from me has 9 health and strength fundamentals that will change your life. Simple advice from the Legends of the past--modernized and succintified for the present day. 
 
 
 Email* 
 
 
 First Name* 
 
 
 How to feel Bruce Lee strong via Steve Justa's Isometrics 
 
 
 Captains of Crush Grippers by Iron Mind 
 
 
 Trapeze Rigging Pull Up Bar Review 
 
 
 Exercises 
 
 
 Posture Exercises for Computer Users (practically everyone) 
 
 
 A Great Example for How to Live Well Into Old Age 
 
 
 The Way to Live 
 
 
 
 © Copyright  | Working Man Fitness, LLC | Website Design by  SunAnt Interactive 
 YouTube Rss 
