
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 Here's the deal: SpecialGuest is looking for an Art Director to join our small and mighty creative team in our Brooklyn, NY, USA office. Outside-the-box thinkers encouraged to apply. 
 About 
 SpecialGuest, a strategic, maker-driven creative agency, is seeking an Art Director to join us for an upcoming campaign for a social media app. SpecialGuest is a small and mighty team where everyone wears multiple hats and has a lot of responsibility. If you are obsessed with understanding and contributing to the creative world around you, love fine-tuning ideas through critique, and stay up to date with new technology fusing with art, then you’ll love working with us! Our clients come to us for new ways to communicate, visualize ideas, and inspire viewers, so we are looking for an art director that fits with our culture of inventiveness and shaking off tired ways of doing things. 
 We are currently working remotely, so art directors outside of Brooklyn are encouraged to apply. Please note that you may start as a freelancer, with the opportunity to continue full time. 
 Responsibilities: 
The Art Director will assist the development and execution of large and small scale client projects and create stunning pitch presentations for clients. Responsibilities may include editing mood films, designing pitch decks, research, ideating and finding appropriate references. 
 Requirements / Qualifications: 
Ideal candidate should have earned a BA in Graphic Design / Visual Communications or other formal creative training 
Conceptual designer; able to convey ideas and concepts through visual means 
Experienced and savvy with Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, AfterEffects and Premiere 
Strong understanding of design and composition 
Big plus if you can edit video - highly suggested! 
 Personal Attributes: 
Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to contribute, collaborate and receive feedback within a team 
Understands the balance of listening, as well as contributing 
Self-driven, able to work independently as well as follow creative direction 
Passionate and excited about design and technology, on trend with taste 
Sharp attention to detail and consistency 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7954-specialguest-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects, Art Direction, Commercial, Conceptual, Motion, Social, Visual Development 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Lauren Moroz 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
