Summary of a Happy Life 
 Happier people make a better world. Exploring self empowerment for a more satisfying life experience. 
 
 Home 
 About Sophia 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 Apr4 
 A is for Authentic 
 Posted on  April 4, 2011  by   sophiatwrites 
 [Standard]( "All Standard posts") 
 Hello everyone. I am taking part in an A-Z blog happening with a writer's group of mine as such I will be creating a blog for each letter in the alphabet. This is the A blog and it stands for Authentic. 
 Growing up like many children of the 1970's we watched Sesame Street and they told us to Be Yourself. However the actual truth of the matter is that most people do not want us to be ourselves. Especially if what we are makes them uncomfortable. 
 Now that I am approaching forty, a very liberating time of life for a woman I might add. I am finally beginning to understand and live my authentic self. To find out if you are living an authentic life it all comes down to  motivation . What motivates you? What gets you going? Don't be so quick to answer you are your motivator because many times it is not true. 
 This became evident to me the other night when I was talking with my five year old daughter. She loves to fix hair and I often find the remnants of her hair cutting exploits on the floor. The other night she asked me if she could cut my hair. Me, being a fairly self proclaimed free thinker immediately went into a thought script about "What will people think of my hair? What if she messes it up?" and on and on. I had to stop myself and think for a moment "How did I get so wrapped up in my hair?" And believe me I am far from the girls of glamor that spend hours and hundreds of dollars on my hair. 
 In the end I let her cut my hair. Just for the mere fact of experiencing the Freedom of being myself. That is what in that moment I authentically wanted to do was to allow my daughter the experience of cutting my hair. I have a lot of it and it didn't turn out bad which is a bonus. It was freeing to authentically be motivated in my life journey. Not conforming into the expression that has been set for me by some unknown "They". I highly recommend doing one totally free thing today. Something authentically and uniquely you. 
 A is for Authentic. 
 Rate this: 
 Share and show you care 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Filed under  Self-Empowerment  and tagged  authentic self ,  career ,  life skills ,  personal growth ,  self empowerment  |  Leave a comment 
 
 achieving goals   authentic self   career   charity   chess   children   church   community   coping   creating your own life   diversity   education   enjoying life   ethics   expectations   giving   global community   happiness   happy life   history   honesty   human services   inspiration   language   learning   lies   life skills   lifestyles   living an authentic life   living a satisfying life   living in the moment   love   Memorial Day   memories   morals   motivation   non-traditional living   open heart   open mind   patience   personal growth   positive relationships   positive thinking   quotes   realizing potential   relationships   religion   Reltationships   Romance   sacrifice   self-empowerment   self empowerment   sensuality   Seven Deadly Sins   Seven Holy Virtues   sex   sexuality   society   Sophia Tesch   spiritual   success   suicide   survivors   time management   timing   tithing   tolerance   tradition   veterans   virtues   visualization   wisdom   writing   yield   zuzwang 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 
 Follow this blog 
 if(typeof(networkedblogs)=="undefined"){networkedblogs = {};networkedblogs.blogId=978716;networkedblogs.shortName="summary-of-a-happy-life";} 
 Follow Summary of a Happy Life via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow Summary of a Happy Life and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Yes! Sign me up today! 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 Error: Please make sure the Twitter account is  public . 
 Let's connect on Facebook. Like here. 
 
 Let's connect on Facebook. Like here. 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
