
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Which Work From Home Jobs Are Right For you? 
 August 10, 2015 by  Ashlee Anderson   4 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 588 
  __Share 19 
  __Share 
 607 Shares 
 Deciding Which Work From Home Jobs Are Right For You 
 Many people know they want to work from home, but far fewer know what kind of work they actually want to do. Work from home jobs typically fall within one of four categories: 
 
 Freelance (1099) 
 Direct Sales 
 Hourly Employee (W-2) 
 Extra Income 
 
 Before jumping into the different work from home jobs, a little self-reflection might help you narrow down your options. Only you know how you work best and under what circumstances you perform well. Once you determine which opportunity suits you and your circumstances, you can narrow the focus of your work from home jobs search and begin taking steps to secure your perfect opportunity. 
 
 Freelance/Contract/1099 Work From Home Jobs 
 Whatever you call them, these contract-based work from home jobs provide a ton of flexibility for workers. As a freelancer, you decide how and when you work and for whom.  This has become an increasingly popular form of work for many as people embrace the so-called Gig Economy. In fact, many people start off freelancing to supplement their income and end up turning it into a lucrative, full-time career. 
 You can offer just about any services as a freelancer: graphic design, marketing,  virtual assisting , data entry, consulting, writing, voice over-you name it, you can probably freelance it. There are a number of sites like  Upwork ,  Guru , and  Freelancer  that connect freelancers and people seeking their services. While these sites take a percentage of earnings, they are a great jumping off point for establishing yourself as a freelancer. 
 Once you've built your reputation, you can watch your earnings grow and grow and grow. And when you've really made a name for yourself, you might even explore the option of setting up your own website and directly marketing your skills. 
 I've had varying degrees of success on freelance websites. It seems that work goes through a constant cycle of feast or famine. And let's be honest, the famine part is extremely stressful! That's why freelancing isn't for everyone. You spend a lot of time submitting job proposals and networking and sometimes, it just doesn't pay off. 
 As a freelancer, you are essentially your own business. You are in charge of seeking work, tracking your expenses, payments, and paying your own taxes. There is definitely a bit of a learning curve. Fortunately, there are some excellent books that can help you succeed as a freelancer: 
 Work from Home in Two Weeks or Less: The Ultimate Guide to be a Wealthy Online Freelancer 
 The Wealthy Freelancer 
 The Freelancer's Bible: Everything You Need to Know to Have the Career of Your DreamsOn Your Terms 
 If freelancing sounds like it might be for you, it is worth researching the various opportunities out there. Your best chance of success is going into the experience with as much knowledge about freelancing as possible! 
 Direct Sales 
 Avon, Plexus, Jewelry in Candles, Pampered Chef, and the like are some of the well-known home business opportunities out there. These companies typically work under a Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) platform where sales reps get paid commission for their sales and a percentage of the sales made from the salespeople they've recruited. Often these require a fee to get started. 
 Like any opportunity, MLM home-based businesses aren't for everyone. To be successful, you must constantly be marketing the company, products, and yourself. This will require you to have a strong online presence through your own website and social media. You will probably be doing your fair share of in-person marketing too. Be prepared to pass out business cards to just about everyone you meet. 
 It takes a bit of a thick skin to be successful as a home-based business owner. After all, you will be selling products. And when selling, you will hear "no" more often than "yes." Plus, since many home-based business opportunities reward you for salespeople you sign up, you will also be actively trying to recruit other sales persons (this can be difficult in and of itself!). 
 But if you're highly motivated, have an entrepreneurial spirit, like the idea of being your own boss, and do not fear the word "no," a home-based business can provide a good income. Many stay-at-home parents opt for this opportunity since it allows them to work around their kids' schedules. Plus, many parents find it easy to network within their own group of friends and acquaintances in order to get their first sales rolling in. 
 There are a ton of home-based business opportunities out there. I personally have never tried any. But I do know many people who are successful. My suggestion is to only rep a company that you truly stand behind or are genuinely enthusiastic about. You can  read this guide  for starting your own home-based business for a little more insight. 
 If you're not an active user of them, it will be difficult (if not impossible) to get others to purchase them and use them. So, if you are a beauty buff try Avon or Mary Kay. Master chef of your kitchen? Try out Pampered Chef. Extremely active health aficionado? Try Plexus. 
 If the idea of starting a home-based business has piqued your interest, but you have no idea where to start, I suggest reading: 
 Network Marketing: Network Marketing Online: Network Marketing Books To Use The Internet For MLM Recruiting New Representatives In Your MLM Business (Network … Marketing Online, MLM Network Marketing) 
 10 Things You Absolutely Must Know Before Joining A MLM or Home Based Business Company 
 The Ultimate Beginner's Guide to Multi-Level Marketing: Learn How to Take Your Network Marketing Business to the Next Level of Success 
 In these books, you will find valuable information on what kinds of home-based businesses are out there and help decide which opportunity may be a good fit for you. They can provide valuable insight into MLM businesses when other work from home jobs just don't seem like a good fit. 
 Hourly Employee (W-2) Work From Home Jobs 
 When you are hired by a company, you are given a status of either employee or contractor. Freelancers and independent contractors work under a 1099 and employees are designated as W-2. I know it sounds confusing, but it's really not. 
 The easiest way to distinguish between the two is as a W-2 employee, taxes are taken out of your paycheck. As an independent contractor (1099), you are responsible for paying your own taxes on money you earn. 
 Employees are usually offered benefits like insurance and paid time off while independent contractors are not. 
 Some people prefer to work as an employee because it generally will offer more stability than a 1099 contract position. Plus, having benefits like medical insurance and paid sick time is a definite perk. 
 So, if you're interested in working at home but need the added security of a weekly paycheck, an employee position is your best bet. Fortunately there is a growing list of companies who routinely post employee-based work from home jobs: 
 
 Amazon 
 Apple 
 American Express 
 Xerox 
 U-Haul 
 Western Governor's University 
 American Public University 
 ZeroChaos  
 Hilton Hotels 
 
 The above list is just a small sample of companies who regularly advertise work from home jobs. A quick  Indeed  search will often result in many more work from home jobs posted from companies who occasionally have virtual employee positions open. 
 Work From Home Jobs for Extra Income 
 Not everyone interested in work from home jobs are looking for full time, part time or even freelance work. In fact, many people are interested in learning how to make some extra money here and there in their spare time. Fortunately, there are no shortages of work from home jobs that offer the opportunity to make a little extra money each month: 
 
 Usability testing 
 Search engine evaluation 
 Survey taking 
 Focus groups 
 Phone mystery shopping 
 
 To this day, I make an extra $200.00 or so each month just from doing a handful of usability tests with  User Testing  each week. The best part is, I think it is actually enjoyable to do the tests and so it never really feels like work. It's kind of like being paid to check out different websites and apps (something I would do for free!). 
 Still unsure which work from home jobs are right for you? Don't worry. It can take some time to figure out. In the meantime, don't forget to check out the  Work From Home Jobs Leads  Page for a frequently updated list of various opportunities. 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 588 
  __Share 19 
  __Share 
 607 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Online Job Search  Tagged With:  earn money online ,  how to make money online ,  legitimate job opportunities ,  online jobs ,  work at home jobs ,  work from home jobs 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Trackbacks 
 
 11 NexRep Work From Home Opportunities - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 15, 2015 at 8:23 pm 
 […] work at home job opportunity. That's why I always recommend you take the time to decide which work from home opportunity is right for you. Some people will benefit from the flexibility that comes with working as an independent contractor […] 
 
 Be Your Own Boss as a LiveOps Work At Home Agent - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 September 19, 2015 at 3:05 am 
 […] always available for the right candidates. But as with any work from home opportunity, there are pros and cons. It's best to evaluate each individually to decide which one is the best fit for […] 
 
 7 Work From Home Phone Jobs With Benefits - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 October 5, 2015 at 5:24 pm 
 […] probably prefer one opportunity over the others. That's why it's a good idea to decide which work from home opportunities are right for you before jumping […] 
 
 Use Twitter to Find Work From Home Jobs - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 January 16, 2016 at 1:44 pm 
 […] It's no secret that I love Twitter. I get lost in what's trending and all the happenings of businesses and brands 140 characters at a time. And while Twitter can definitely be a timesuck, it's also a valuable source of legitimate home-based jobs. Done the right way, you can incorporate a Twitter strategy that helps you find and land a work from home job that's right for you! […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
