Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Premier Relationship Manager 
 HSBC 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location:  Oakville 
 HSBC Bank Canada, a subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc, is the largest and leading international bank in Canada. HSBC serves customers worldwide through an international network of around 3,800 offices in 66 countries and territories in Europe, Asia, North and Latin America, and the Middle East and North Africa 
 We help companies and individuals across Canada to manage their finances through three global business lines: Commercial Banking, Global Banking and Markets, and Retail Banking and Wealth Management. 
 It’s this global connectivity that you will find yourself inspired and collaborating with colleagues not just locally but also across continents and cultures. 
 About Retail Banking & Wealth Management 
 Retail Banking and Wealth Management serves millions of customers worldwide, helping them manage their day – to day finances and save for the future. We also connect institutional and retail clients with investment opportunities through our Global Asset Management division. We are committed to building long-term relationships with our customers, offering products and services to help them reach their goals and aspirations. We continue to exponentially grow our market share in Canada year on year. 
 Key Objectives for Premier Relationship Manager 
 Are you interested in working for one of the world’s leading international banks who believe investment in people is the key to not only a successful business, but a positive and progressive future? 
 Our Wealth Management teams provide a range of services to HSBC customers, supporting key life events, such as saving for university fees, buying a new home to retirement; whilst protecting their family and interests for every eventuality, providing confidence and reassurance. 
 We support every aspect of a customer’s financial life, helping them to grow, manage and preserve their wealth and provide a professional service in a world of increasing complexity. This includes a greater range of financial products and solutions, and a better understanding of our customers’ affairs. For us, Wealth Management is genuinely a relationship-based service. 
 For our customers, this means a tailored approach, personalised attention and our teams working collaboratively to support their entire life journey. 
 As a result of continued growth in the HSBC Bank Canada’s retail business, we are actively recruiting for an experienced Premier Relationship Manager to join our team servicing our Premier high net worth customers. 
 This role will give you the opportunity to join this dedicated team where you will be acting as a trusted adviser to our new and existing high net worth customers providing holistic financial advice and supporting them through key life events such as investing for your future, saving for a new home, planning for retirement or protecting their family for every eventuality. 
 As an HSBC Premier Relationship Manager you will have dedicated and continued support from a Premier Relationship Officer who will aide you with proactive client contact, dealing with client banking queries, support back office processing and work alongside branch colleagues to grow new client opportunities. 
 Our reward package is made up of an attractive base salary and generous pension scheme, together with a range of flexible benefits designed to suit your family and personal circumstances. 
 Principle Accountabilities: 
 In this role, you will: 
Deliver a consistent and tailored wealth management and financial planning service to a portfolio of HSBC Premier clients 
Advise on a full range of products and services that include both HSBC manufactured products and those provided by external partners. 
Have access to a wide range of product specialists to help and support you, which include pensions, legacy tax planning, protection and investments. 
Build and maintain strong relationships with both new and existing clients 
Comply with the regulations and procedures that govern our business and products. 
Act as a Brand Ambassador for HSBC Bank Canada, delivering exceptional customer experiences by building and maintaining strong relationships with new and existing customers. 
Have a genuine interest in customers, helping them reach their financial ambitions 
 Qualifications 
 Knowledge & Experience / Qualifications: 
To be successful in this role you should meet the following requirements: 
 Minimum of three years proven and progressive financial services and/or retail sales experience or equivalent 
Evidence of strong sales results and investment products 
Relationship management experience with high net worth clients 
Strong technical skills in wealth management 
Strong communication, client focus and influencing skills 
Strong networking and portfolio management skills 
Sound knowledge of financial services products and services and the client relationship management system 
Understanding of business banking and products and services 
Able to communicate well in English, Understands / speaks second language is an asset 
Have a passion for continuously delivering superior customer experience. 
Pride yourself on consistently delivering personalized, friendly & efficient service at all times. 
Ability to safeguard the bank by holding difficult conversations with your customers on subjects like Anti-Money Laundering, sanctions, complaint handling, and estate planning 
 Completed or willing to obtain with HSBC support:  - Mutual fund license, Investment Funds in Canada Course; Canadian Investment Funds Course; or Canadian Securities Course and Personal Financial Planning Designation ( PFP). 
 If this sounds like you and you thrive on pro-actively managing a portfolio of clients and making suitable recommendations for products and services based on customer needs, we’d love to hear from you. 
 HSBC Proud 
 In 2018, HSBC Bank Canada was named one of the “Best 50 Corporate Citizens” in Canada by Corporate Knights magazine. HSBC was also the first company to be recognized as a top performer in gender diversity within the financial services sector, as part of a new Corporate Knights initiative to recognize leaders in this space. 
 Join HSBC, and benefit from the following: 
 Career Development:  Within your current role, as well as Canadian and international opportunities 
 Company Reputation:  Offering prestige, strength, and longevity 
 Business Growth:  Underpinned by our drive, and the highest banking standards 
 International Connectivity and impact:  Build global relationships and be a part of international initiatives 
 A diverse workforce:  Reflecting our belief that diversity of thought, background and perspective make HSBC a stronger organization 
 Corporate Sustainability:  We build our business for the long term by balancing social, environmental and economic considerations in the decisions we make. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
