the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Holiday Hot Jobs' Category 
 More Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 ﻿When times get tough,  temporary jobs  are the first to go. And when times get better, temporary jobs are the first to reappear. So it’s good to hear that the pace of growth in the temporary staffing agency industry in the fall of 2010 was the fastest recorded since the industry began keeping statistics back in the mid-1940s. 
 On a year-to-year basis,  19.5 percent more temporary workers were employed  in September 2010 compared with the same month last year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 Companies create temporary jobs to staff up without making a long-term commitment a practice that appeals when the economy is uncertain and healthcare requirements are changing, says Brendan Courtney, president of recruiting and staffing agency The Mergis Group, a division of SFN Group in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
 The trend toward temporary jobs was going strong in the final quarters of 2010, and that bodes well for 2011, says Rachel Russell, marketing director for TEKsystems, a Hanover, Maryland, staffing agency specializing in IT contracting. “Shareholders aren’t smiling on permanent hiring just yet,” she says. “They want to see things go well consistently before you bring on staff.” 
** 
 A Permanent Shift to Temp Jobs 
** 
The number of temporary jobs has been climbing steadily for the past year -- a trend Melanie Holmes, vice president of staffing agency Manpower, expects to continue into 2011. 
 It’s not just a recovering economy that’s leading to growth in the number of temporary jobs, she says. “The nature of work is changing,” she says. “Because of technology, we’re able to work anywhere, at any time, and not just from home or from Starbucks, but from India. That’s changed the way some employers look for employees. They recognize they’re always going to want to have a contingent workforce and to staff up or down to meet their needs.” 
 On the other side of the recession, temporary jobs and  contract jobs  will become more the norm, Courtney predicts. “A lot of people who would normally only want to work in a permanent, full-time position are going to have to look at contract and temporary positions because that’s going to become a bigger part of how companies hire and staff,” he says. 
 The move toward temporary jobs is pronounced in  finance  and  accounting , says Jodi Chavez, a senior vice president at Ajilon Professional Staffing, a staffing agency division of the Adecco Group in Melville, New York. 
 “We’ve seen an increase in companies that have never used temporary services before using them now,” Chavez says. “Across the county, we’ve probably seen a 17 percent to 20 percent increase in new customers in  education ,  nonprofits ,  healthcare ,  manufacturing  and financial services. And 90 percent of the clients we work with are telling us they plan to increase hiring in the first or second quarter of 2011.” 
 Who’s Got Temp Jobs? 
 Who’s hiring temp workers? Historically, temp hiring follows a certain path after recessions: Light industrial jobs come out first, then  clerical and administrative , followed by professional jobs, Courtney says. “Right now it’s disproportionately light industrial and clerical, and on the professional side,  IT ,  engineering  and accounting have begun to pick up,” he says. 
 Holiday  retail  hiring is booming, rising 25 percent year-over-year even after seasonal adjustments are made, Chavez says. 
 Healthcare companies are turning to temps to help them comply with international diagnostic coding mandates. “All healthcare companies are looking for the same IT project managers to get the job done,” Russell says. 
 In IT, the skill sets in most demand in the coming year will be  project managers ;  business analysts ;  enterprise ,  networking  and  Java architects ; as well as  security ,  data warehousing  and  business intelligence , Russell predicts. 
 “Technology today is seen as a strategic function, so even though it’s a tough economy, we’re seeing the rate of employment going up in IT,” she says. “IT includes a lot of project-based work, so that bodes well for the temp sector.” 
 How to Find a Temp Job 
 If you’re seeking a temporary job or contract work: 
 
 Reskill yourself and continue learning so you stay on the cutting edge of your industry. 
 Wrap your head around the fact that the temporary job and contract labor markets are growing faster than the full-time, permanent labor market, so a full-on job search should include looking for a temporary job and project work. 
 The stigma attached to having a temporary job is diminishing. Better to be a temp or contract worker than unemployed. 
 Seek out project-based assignments that put your skill set to work in a new industry. 
 If you use a temporary agency, pick one that specializes in your industry. It’s more likely to find you work with companies that value your industry knowledge. 
 
 
 By  Dona DeZube, Monster Finance Careers Expert 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Get Hired ,  Hiring Trends for 2010 ,  Holiday Hot Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Those 600,000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 
 Of the 600,000 hired for the holiday season, about 40 percent could receive permanent offers from employers, reports  ABC News . That's what a recent survey by  CareerBuilder.com  found. 
 Beulah Hargrove at J.C. Penney's store in Manhattan has been presented with such an offer. The crowds flooding the stores and shopping online during Black Friday weekend signal that Hargrove won't be atypical in having temporary work turn into the permanent kind. 
 There's more. Employers aren't holding it against job applicants that they are supposedly 'overqualified.' In fact, employers see this unusual background for  retail jobs  or online work as a plus. 
 No, it's not too late to apply. The demand is still there. Roam shopping centers for signs saying 'hiring' on store windows, or better yet, just go into the stores and ask to speak to the manager. Pitch yourself, handing over your  resume . Also check online job boards as well as the companies' websites. You may be back to work sooner than you expected. 
 Hundreds of thousands of Americans have taken on  temporary jobs this holiday season , as employers gain confidence in the signs of stronger consumer demand. And for some of the workers, the temporary positions are turning into the one thing they want most this Christmas: 
 "Retailers are feeling pretty confident right now," said Marshall Cohen, chief retail analyst with the  NPD Group . "They've got their swagger going." 
 Watch "World News With Diane Sawyer" weeknights on ABC. 
 All told, U.S. companies will hire an estimated 600,000 temporary workers this holiday season, according to outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc. That's more workers added to the holiday payrolls than in the past three years. 
 Demand is so high for extra help that  Amazon.com , the world's largest online retail, has already hired 15,000 temporary workers. It's so many extra employees that the company has even started camps in places such as Kentucky where employees can park their RVs to sleep between 10-hour shifts. They'll work until Christmas Eve for $10 an hour. 
 Toys R Us is also jumping on the trend, hiring 45,000 temporary employees, a 30 percent increase from last year. UPS is hiring 50,000 extra workers. 
 Applicant Pool for Holiday Jobs Overqualified 
 The people who apply for the jobs are often overqualified, but store managers are delighted to have them. 
 "They're a lot more dependable, better quality, absolutely," said Joe Cardamone, a store manager at a J.C. Penney's in Manhattan. "They want to work and they need to work, so it's to our advantage to have that kind of quality out there right now." 
 More Seasonal Temp Jobs May Become Permanent 
 There are also some indications that more of the temporary positions could become permanent. Forty percent of employers with seasonal workers this fall plan on offering permanent jobs, up from last year, according to a survey by  CareerBuilder . 
 "[Retailers] have been profitable almost every month throughout the year,"analyst Cohen said. "That means they're going to look to continue to ride that wave and keep some of these temporary employees that are showing some good promise and keep them on for a longer period of time." 
 More Temporary Jobs Become Permanent 
 That's the case for Beulah Hargrove. She accepted a holiday job at a New York J.C. Penney's store and has already been asked to stay on after Christmas Eve. 
 "I'll be working here after the holidays, which I'm very proud of," she said. "It's really hard to get a job now." 
 By  Jane Genova 
 Category: 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Companies Hiring in November ,  Get Hired ,  Hiring Trends for 2010 ,  Holiday Hot Jobs ,  Jobs 
 Holiday Hot Jobs: 6 Companies Hiring 500,000+ in 2010 
 
 If you're still thinking about scoring a holiday job, go for it. The holiday forecast from recruiting firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas is that some retailers may play it safe and delay some of their hiring until late in the season. They also forecast that holiday hiring will be better this year than last year, when more than 500,000 workers found seasonal work. 
 With the economy picking up, a seasonal job can get your foot in the door for permanent work. Retailers say they definitely keep an eye out for outstanding seasonal hires to keep on after the holidays. 
 Here's a look at some of the companies with the biggest hiring plans for holiday 2010, and the type of workers they're hiring: 
 1. Macy 's  (hiring 65,000) 
 The department-store giant is hiring an army of seasonal in-store sales associates ($9.76), as well as call-center  customer-service  representatives ($13.03) and warehouse workers ($12.86) for its distribution centers and Macys.com's product warehouses. 
 --  Find Macy's Jobs 
 
 2. UPS  (hiring 50,000) 
 All those packages we order online have to get delivered, and UPS gears up to handle the volume spike, says corporate workforce planning manager Matthew Lavery. The most common job they hire for is  driver's  helper, which requires heavy lifting. UPS also hires drivers ($14.13) and package handlers at their distribution centers. As with all the  warehouse jobs  mentioned here, warehouse workers for UPS need to be able to lift 75 pounds. No matter where you live, you can probably find a package center near you – Big Brown has more than 1,000 locations nationwide. 
 "We can train people," says Lavery. "You need a desire to be successful, to come to work every day – basic skills. We train you on the handheld computer we use for deliveries." 
 --  Find UPS Jobs 
 
 3. Toys "R" Us  (hiring 45,000) 
 The toy retailer is doubling its work force, in part because it's opening 600 pop-up ministores inside shopping malls this holiday season. Spokeswoman Linda DeNotaris says sales associates should be "hard-working, reliable individuals who enjoy working as part of a team and want to help us achieve our goal of providing memorable store experiences." She adds, "Many of our seasonal employees remain with us after the holiday season has come and gone." 
 --  Find Toys 'R' Us Jobs 
 
 4. Best Buy  (hiring 29,000) 
 If you love tech gadgets, Best Buy could be a fun place to work this holiday season. Cleveland-based portable electronics  supervisor  Elisha Unger says roles include cashiers ($8.48) and three categories of customer-service specialists – in home theater, portable electronics, and "counter intelligence agent," better known as the Geek Squad's computer-repair staff. Repair workers usually have prior experience in computer repair, and take an evaluation test 90 days into their  employment , Unger notes. 
 --  Find Best Buy Jobs 
 
 5. Amazon.com  (hiring 10,000+) 
 With Amazon, geography is key, as their jobs are found only where the online retailer has product warehouses – that's Indiana, Kentucky, Nevada, Pennsylvania, and Arizona. Aside from seasonal warehouse work, which is mostly done hiring now, Amazon spokeswoman Michele Glisson says the ecommerce giant is currently making permanent hires for customer service managers ($16.10) and customer service operations managers at customer service centers in Kennewick, Wash.; Huntington, W.V., and Grand Forks, N.D. 
 --  Find Amazon.com Jobs 
 
 6. Nordstrom  (doesn't disclose hiring figure) 
 The department-store chain is known for its customer service, and pays slightly above industry averages for top-flight sales associates. While they aren't saying how many hires they're making, spokesman Colin Johnson says hiring is up this year compared with last holiday time. The company gets a jump on the competition by starting to hire its seasonal sales associates back in September for its half-yearly sale. Prior experience isn't as important as enthusiasm for making customers happy. 
 --  Find Nordstrom Jobs 
 
 By Carol Tice for PayScale 
 Category: 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Companies Hiring in November ,  Get Hired ,  Holiday Hot Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
