KU Career Center 
 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About the UCC 
 
 Career Maturity 
 April 11, 2016April 6, 2016 loganmariehassig   Career Advancement Program ,  Uncategorized  Tags:  CAP ,  career ,  career goals ,  career maturity ,  employability ,  etiquette ,  future plans ,  personality tests ,  self awareness 
 Students often fail to take the time to ask themselves why they are doing what they’re doing; why they’re working so hard and spending so much money to pursue a degree that they may or may not actually be interested in. This is a significant problem, as graduation comes much too quickly, and students are often clueless as to where to go next. So how can this be combatted? It all starts with individuals knowing themselves well, what they enjoy about their chosen major, and where it can take them moving forward. 
 Self-knowledge:  What are your strengths? What could use improvement? What is a specific cause or leisure activity that you would drop everything for? Are you a listener? Problem solver? Are you creative or adaptable? It’s easy to forget these qualities about ourselves, as well as what we can bring to the table. We all have something unique to offer, but it often takes reflection on what those things are to pursue them further. 
 Occupational Knowledge:  After diving into your skills, interests, values and personality, what occupations do you see would suit you best? Do some research on what is available, and discover all of your options. This is where the  Focus assessment  comes in handy, as it is targeted toward students or post grads seeking work that they will both excel in and thoroughly enjoy. Check out the  Strong Interest Inventory  and  Do What You Are  tests as well to discover where your strengths lie and how you can use them to improve communities. 
 Forward Momentum:  Talk is cheap. We can discuss our dreams and future plans for years and never actually achieve them. Set up an action plan on how you will get there, include measurable goals, and be prepared to encounter obstacles. Enjoy where you’re at, but always look ahead to where you want to be. Plan in decades, think in years, work in months, live in days. 
Find out if you are an organizer, a thinker, a doer, a helper or a combination. Discover your work and leisure interest careers and what the job market looks like for those. Reevaluate your values and how they align with both your day-to-day activities and your future plans. The  CAP Career Maturity Module  will encourage students to chase an engaging and meaningful career. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Academic Learning 
 Professional Skills -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 How I Crowdsourced $2,000 and Took an Unpaid Internship in Philadelphia 
 Cheley Colorado Camps 
 Hacking your workday 
 The Daily Juggling Act 
 Choosing a Major 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  April 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advancement Program 
 Ellen's Posts 
 Kendall's Posts 
 Professional Tips 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Search for: 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
