  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 HTML Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance HTML Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/html) 
 2 days ago 
 Mobile App for Inspection of activities on site 
 Published: 2 days ago  Deadline: 54 Bids: 18 
 1. Development of Mobile App for Android Only 
2. Mobile App functionalities need to read/write data based on Offline Mode & Sych once connected to Internet to the System Backend 
3. API Development for the Backend System 
4. 
Duration of 1 & Half Month 
5. Connected with Map Services for Location Based / Location of Inspection 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  D. A. I. Last reply: 16 hours ago  Malaysia 
 Over USD 3,000 
 8 minutes ago 
 Property Website 
 Published: 8 minutes ago  Deadline: 62 Bids: 0 
 We need a corporate website featuring our company's vision, team members, contact form and all of our listings. 
For our listings, we would also like to have a filter function that allows our clients to search by area, property type,  no.of  bedrooms, price range etc. 
Also, we would like on build on a CRM system that allows us to automatically update potential clients when we have new listings in the future 
 If you have any previous projects/websites related to property, could you kindly send us the links so we can have a general idea of what it would be like? 
 We would like to get started as soon as possible. Looking forward to hear from you! 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Published by:  N. Malaysia 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 35 minutes ago 
 Need Trainer in Mern Stack 5-6 Hr daily / 25-30 Hr weekly 
 Published: 35 minutes ago  Bids: 0 
 Need Trainer in Mern Stack 5-6 Hr daily / 25-30 Hr weekly. 
People should have good english  and be well versed with MERN Stack .. 
Mongo 
Expres 
React 
Node JS 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  B. C. India 
 USD 250 - 500 
 8 hours ago 
 Design Wordpress page and menus for online course 
 Published: 8 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 Hi. 
 I need to design a web page for an online course. 
 The web is in Wordpress and has the Enfold theme installed, which is very versatile. 
 You only need to make a single template page. It is not required to do the whole web, only the template page. 
 The design must be as similar as possible to the attached image: 
 - Side menu that shows by default only the mother pages (pages), the children (subpages) will be seen only when clicking. 
 - The side menu will be fixed, it will not scroll when scrolling on the screen. Only the content will scroll. If the menu options are too many to appear with the fixed menu, the menu will scroll, but independent of the content section. 
As seen in the attached image. 
 - Although it is not necessary for the design to be exactly like the image, it must be clear and clean. I have tried with Wordpress menu plugins and they are not clear and with good design. 
 - It must be responsive, and the menu must work on tablets and mobiles 
 Thank you. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Custom development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 12 hours ago 
 Senior React and Node.Js Developers - Your talent is needed. 
 Published: 12 hours ago  Bids: 6 
 Hello Dev! 
 I'm looking for an experienced developer for a 3 month - 1 year project.  You will work with a team of international experts for this project and help us using React and NodeJs. 
This is a remote opportunity for developers based in Portugal, with an immediate start. 
 Make the difference! 
 Don't forget to share this opportunity with a friend who might be interested ;) 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. C. Last reply: 8 hours ago  United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 11 hours ago 
 Roundcube: Elastic Skin: Modify default colors to reflect corporate... 
 Published: 11 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 I need someone who can take the elastic skin in roundcube and modify its colors to reflect our corporate colors (2 colors only). I need the job done correctly using the LESS compiler. There is nothing else that has to be done. 
I don't want any other changes in the files than those reflected through the use of the LESS compiler. 
 More info on the skin here: 
 https://fossies.org/linux/roundcubemail/skins/elastic/README.md 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small update to an existing design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Specific need  : Redesign a website 
 Published by:  I. G. P. Last reply: 8 hours ago  Spain 
 Less than USD 50 
 13 hours ago 
 University conference management system 
 Published: 13 hours ago  Bids: 2 
 Hi. I need to develop a conference website for my university staff. Sample website: EasyChair. 
My client's requirement is registration, manuscript submission, paper review process (reviewer assignment and paper review (blind review)), the announcement of review results and camera-ready paper (crp) submission. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer, Project manager 
 Published by:  T. R. Last reply: 7 hours ago  Malaysia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Yesterday 
 Website For Auto Claim Proccess 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 7 
 I need a website as soon as possible i have the domain. Need someone with experience. Im paying 100 dollars, please send your offers 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. R. Last reply: Yesterday  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
