Skip to content 
 
 Christian House Sitters 
 Posts about House Sitting, Our charity work and general articles of interest. Lots of variety. 
 Research that could save your health, your job and your family. 
 
 A few days ago I was reading news about research into the habits of UK workers and their annual holidays. (For readers in the USA read holiday as vacation). 
 I saw 2 different news reports that looked at the same problem from slightly different points of view. below are extracts from them and links to the original articles. 
 The first article showed that not taking leave is causing serious problems. 
 British workers left 'stressed, rundown and depressed' 
because they are not taking enough holiday time. 
 Overworked Brits are being left stressed, depressed and rundown 
because they are not getting enough holiday time. 
_That 's based on research which claims a third of employees are left failing to take their annual holiday allowance _ … ………. Mark Cropley, Professor of Health Psychology at the University of Surrey, added: "The research found that more than two thirds (68%) don't get away for short breaks, however, mini breaks can be a great way to recharge the batteries, whether abroad or in the UK. 
_" Not only do they force us to distance ourselves physically from work, they can also give our brains a mental holiday and allow us to spend quality time with family and friends without the distraction of work. _ http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/british-workers-left-stressed-rundown-7238571 
 The next article (dated 1st Nov 2017) tries to explain why leave time is not being taken. 
 Why UK Workers Are Not Taking All Their Annual Leave 
 The average worker in Britain still has six days to use up before the end of the year, which, if left unused, would mean a staggering 134 million wasted days as a nation. A third of employees have as many as 10 days still to use up, found the survey of 1000 workers by Jurys Inn. 
 The most common reason for having annual leave left? That 's also pretty surprising, given that being "like, ugh, so busy right now" has become a status symbol in our culture. The top explanation was not knowing what to do with the remaining days, the Mirror reported. 
 Other more optimistic employees (11%) purposely save up their holiday days until the end of the year with the aim of booking an exciting trip – only to find that by November there are no holidays available that tickle their fancy. A further 11% said they simply didn 't have enough money to spend on holidays. 
_If you 're among those with holiday still to use, with just two months of the year left, you may want to think about taking action or risk losing them altogether. _ http://www.refinery29.uk/2017/11/179232/wasted-holiday-days-annual-leave-uk 
 
 DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. 
 You need your annual leave. 
Failing to take it will make your more likely to develop health problems, be less efficient at work and damage your family relationships 
 LET US HELP YOU. 
 That is what we are here for . 
 Join Christian House Sitters 
 As a registered house sitter you and your family will be offered a wide range of vacations all over the world. Totally  rent-free . 
 But what about your home and pets? What will happen to them? 
 Again we can help. Register as a Home Owner (  it is free  ) and we will help you find a suitable person to look after your home and pets free of charge. 
 Don’t delay. Be bold and take a major step towards a happier, healthier and more productive life. 
 If you would like to benefit from our service please have a look at the website   CLICK HERE. 
 God bless you, 
Ray 
 We are part of the registered charity 
 TLC Children’s Trust 
 UK Charity number 1156786 
 www.tlc-childrenstrust.org 
 WordPress is adding adverts to blogs. They are not always shown but if there are adverts on this page please note they were not placed by me, not approved by me and do not imply my recommendation 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 More 
 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author: housesitters 
 ABOUT Christian House Sitters Christian House Sitters is a Worldwide ministry that started in order to provide holidays for Christians and sitters for owners who needed a reliable Christian to look after their home, pets and garden. House owners do not pay anything to have their property listed. House sitters are only charged £25 per year and in return for this some enjoy numerous holidays each year. All fees from membership go to sponsor food for children at the Home of Peace Children’s Home in Kenya. This only supplies about a quarter of what is needed to feed the children so we urgently need sponsors. All funds go via our Registered Charity TLC Children’s Trust Charity Number 1156786 website http://www.tlc-childrenstrust.org N.B. Joining Christian House Sitters does NOT commit you to sponsoring a child or giving any support beyond your membership fee to these children. Although naturally if you want to support that would be greatly appreciated. We have some regular sponsors and other people who give an occasional gift. All are greatly appreciated. ABOUT RAY & MARILYN We are Marilyn & Ray White. A fun loving Christian couple who have been in Christian work for over 30 years. Marilyn was born in England but moved to Zimbabwe as a baby. At the age of 16 she moved to South Africa. Ray was born in South Africa and grew up on a farm. We met in Johannesburg and got married in 1966. Ray worked in business for many years then he worked for YfC in South Africa then went on to Bible College and Pastored a church. In 1982 we moved from South Africa to England. In addition to his theological training Ray trained in Psychology and since moving to the UK he has lectured in Psychology, counselled for the NHS and opened a Christian Counselling Centre. Marilyn is also a trained counsellor and manager. In addition to the counselling we trained Christian counsellors both in our local area and by invitation in other areas of the UK. In total over 700 people completed the training courses. Many are serving the Lord by working in or through their local churches. We also ran a secular Stress Management business. We are now semi-retired and focus our time and attention on Christian House Sitters and Ray also serves as a member of our Church Leadership Team. Ray also has an active preaching ministry and runs Christian seminars on subjects such as stress management for church groups. He has written two books. A Christian book that is a very practical workbook on Christian commitment as applied to real life. The book looks at how we can surrender ourselves more fully to God. This is looked at under the headings of Physical, Mental, Social and Spiritual commitment. The book is called Let’s Get Serious. He has also written a secular book on Stress Management called Stress Overcoming this Potential Killer. (Ray was previously Chair of the International Stress Management Association UK). News Update This book has now been released as an e-book as well A few years ago we did a 2 month House Sit in France. Whilst there we felt the Lord leading us to set up a Christian House Sitting service. Since then we have done a number of other house sits. We believe this site will benefit many Christians around the world. Feel free to contact us (BUT please no spam) NOTE: If you want a fast reply the best way to contact us is via the contact page on the Christian House Sitters website www.christian-housesitters.com God bless you, Ray & Marilyn   View all posts by housesitters  
 Author   housesitters Posted on  November 5, 2017 Categories  Charity ,  Christian ,  Family ,  Health ,  Holiday ,  House Sitting ,  pets ,  Save Money ,  stress ,  Travel ,  Vacation Tags  Christian ,  england ,  Health ,  holiday ,  House sitting ,  Money ,  Pet sitting ,  rent free ,  Stress ,  Travel ,  Vacation 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Time Flies but Memories last 
 Next Next post: How to Burglar Proof Your Home 
 Home of Peace 
 
 Home of Peace 
 
 Christian House Sitters   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
