Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Manager - Relocation to Northern Canada 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Northern and NorthMart is looking for full time Store Managers to join us to work in stores across northern Canada. 
 What it takes to be a Store Manager with us 
 Our Store Managers are naturally curious people, who are willing to adapt and expect the unexpected. They are self-motivated, resilient, a hands on leader, enterprising and results driven. All this combined with the ability to inspire their team, while developing a deep respect for the community that they serve. 
 What you can look forward to: 
Driving profitable sales for the store 
Accountability for the full operations management of the store 
Leading a team of store associates 
Prioritizing and tasking work duties 
Planning, organizing and managing store inventory 
Building community partnerships 
 What you will discover 
 Our stores are located in distant areas of northern Canada. This job is not for everyone, but those looking for a change, are curious and ready for a challenge, will strive. Long days are not uncommon and complex, challenging situations do arise. Our Store Managers need to be flexible, have strong organization skills; and be sales and goal-orientated. Those who think beyond the physical store and have a community retailer mindset - who like to plan to lead a team, commit to building relationships and taking initiative - will quickly make an impact. 
 What you’ll receive in return 
 We trust our Store Managers to take full accountability for their business to drive profitable sales for the store. We rely on their best advice to continue to support their local community effectively. In return, we enable our Store Managers to share in the profitable growth of the store, which translates into meaningful financial compensation. We also offer a comprehensive salary and benefits, combined with development and career opportunities to help our managers to learn and grow. 
 Comprehensive salary and benefits package 
Subsidized food and housing programs 
Career growth opportunities 
Excellent training program 
Opportunity to explore northern Canada 
 What you’ll need to begin your career with us 
 We’re looking for a Store Manager with a healthy sense of adventure, who is pragmatic and comes to us with a strong work ethic, combined with the willingness to learn new skills. 
 You will also bring: 
Minimum of two years of experience in a managerial capacity, ideally in a high-volume grocery/retail environment 
 Previous experience in one of these areas:  Store Manager, Retail Manager, General Manager, Convenience Store Manager, Gas Station Manager, Franchisee or a Small Business Owner is an asset 
Experience in retail distribution, budget planning, merchandise displays, inventory control, cost control, and revenue generation 
Expertise in developing community relations by working with store associates and community partners respectfully, knowledgeably and effectively 
Capability to role model, coach and reinforce operational expectations; combined with the ability to exemplify empathy and compassion in leading a team 
Proficiency in ensuring efficient operation of a business to achieve all financial targets and deliver on budgeted KPI’s 
Understanding in how to deliver successful execution of retail commercial programs, together with providing best advice for continuous improvement 
Ability to adapt to stressful situations and different cultures and surroundings 
 Candidates must be willing to relocate to multiple markets in the northernmost regions of Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories. Relocation arrangements will be made and paid for by Northern and NorthMart. 
 For the safety of our northern communities, relocated employees will be subject to mandatory 14-day isolation period. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Northern and NorthMart is part of The North West group of companies. We are proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
