
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Fair Square Medicare (W20) 
 The health insurance agent you wish your parents had. 
 First Engineer @ Fair Square Medicare 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Fair Square Medicare 
 Your parents are subject to a health insurance shopping experience straight out of a Kafka novel. 
 And we're fixing it. We routinely save people from spending thousands in unnecessary premium, choosing plans that don't cover their doctors and prescriptions, and from going without insurance for a year. We're growing quickly in a $20B market, we've raised over $2M, and our revenue recurs for 15 years. 
 About the role 
 What you’ll do 
 You’ll lead development for  www.fairsquaremedicare.com , which takes a senior from knowing nothing about Medicare to feeling confident they have the best health insurance their budget allows. You’ll work on our: 
 
 Intake flow to make it dead simple for a user to give us the info we need to recommend a set of insurance plans. 
 Decision making support tools that explain when someone should enroll in Medicare and under what circumstances they shouldn’t. 
 Plan ingestion backend to collect plan details from multiple sources 
 Recommendation experience, so that when we show our three recommendations out of the 50 plans available to the average senior, they understand why we chose them. 
 Recommendation engine, which uses insurance plan information, provider quality information, and prescription drug pricing to make personalized recommendations. 
 
 Who you are 
 You're a product-minded engineer. You've built dazzling consumer web experiences and maybe even conceived of them yourself. You're not a designer but if you weren't working with one, you could put together a nice UX/UI on your own using Bootstrap. You want to talk to customers. You have side projects. And you're good with React and Rails. 
 Who you'll work with 
 Dan 
 Dan founded Fair Square Medicare after watching his parents struggle through the Medicare shopping process. He previously was the technical co-founder at Trim (post Series A; valued @ > $30M), Octane Lending (Growth stage, valued @ > $300M) and has held product and growth roles at Redfin, the Climate Corp, and AppDynamics. He studied Physics at Yale. 
 Chris 
 Chris is the health insurance agent Dan's parent's found after a long and painful search. They love him. He's helped thousands of seniors across the U.S. navigate the minefield of Medicare. His core value: "treat clients as if they're your family". 
 Our Culture 
 Treat our users like family 
 We are building for our own parents. 
 Be kind 
 We believe that your character as a person is shown by how you treat others. Especially when everything isn't hunky dory. 
 "The megalomaniac pleasure of creation produces a type of elation which cannot be compared with that experienced by other mortals." 
 You deeply love building dazzling web products. To the point that when our team grows and you become a manager (if you want to), you'll have days where you seriously consider going back to being an IC. 
 Think clearly so that we can disagree productively. 
 Your mind is a function that returns a point of view given a set of data and assumptions. Understand this function's body and explain it to the team so that they can review it and help you make sure it works. 
 Tech is a means to a great customer experience 
 We love to geek out about how Graphql >>> REST. And we use it because a strongly opinionated API layer helps us iterate faster toward a product our users love. 
 Technology 
 
 Ruby on Rails 
 Apollo/GraphQL 
 React 
 Postgres 
 
 Other jobs at Fair Square Medicare 
 First Engineer @ Fair Square Medicare 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
