Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Infection Control Coordinator 
 Halton Healthcare Services 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Ref #:  866997 
 Specific Department and Program:  Infection Prevention & Control 
 Location:  All Locations 
 Posted Date:  Nov 14, 2020 
 Halton Healthcare Posting #:  2020-866997 
 Non-Union 
 Position:  Infection Control Coordinator 
 Department:  Infection Prevention and Control 
 Status:  Temporary Full-time, for approx. 1 year with opportunity to extend 
 Site:  Both Halton Healthcare Hospitals (Oakville Trafalgar Memorial Hospital, Milton District Hospital, Georgetown Hospital) and Joseph Brant Memorial Hospital as well as supporting community and congregate settings in Halton Region 
 Halton Healthcare takes great pride in providing quality, compassionate healthcare services to our rapidly growing communities. As a progressive and vibrant healthcare organization, we are committed to being an innovative centre of excellence in community hospital care in the Halton and Peel Regions. 
 Position Profile: 
Reporting to the Manager of Infection Prevention and Control (IPAC), the Infection Control Coordinator will act as a representative of the IPAC Program, supporting the implementation and evaluation of the IPAC program in congregate settings (Long Term Care Facilities, Retirement Homes, and other congregate settings ie. shelters, group homes) and the development and delivery of educational materials throughout Halton Region, as an extension of the Halton Region IPAC Hub. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to surveillance activities, outbreak identification, acting as an expert consultant internally and externally, developing and delivering education in various formats for all levels of health care providers, and linking with external agencies across the continuum of care. 
 The successful candidate will be required to work at the assigned hospital, and any of the congregate settings in Halton Region based on departmental and operational needs. 
 Candidate Profile: 
Halton Healthcare endeavors to hire individuals who exemplify our mission, vision and values of accountability, respect and compassion which guide our individual behaviours and attitudes. 
 Current registration as a regulated health professional in Nursing, Medical Laboratory Technology, or another regulated healthcare professional 
Experience as an Infection Control Professional in a healthcare setting preferred. 
Experience in infection prevention and control in long term care and other congregate settings is an asset 
Completion of an entry Level 1 Infection Control course (Infection Prevention and Control -Canada or American Practitioners in Infection Control sponsored) 
CIC certification from the Certification Board of Infection Control (CBIC) preferred 
Excellent report writing, computer skills, and familiarity with multiple software programs for data entry, statistical analysis and report writing purposes required 
Implement and conduct surveillance activities according to established criteria, best practices, and evidence based research 
Collect, collate, analyze, and interpret data to facilitate prevention and control of hospital-associated infections, outbreaks, adverse events, and other outcomes of epidemiological significance and implement control measures as required. 
Develop and provide education and training in infection prevention and control to healthcare providers, and physicians 
Conduct follow-up on all exposure situations 
Assess, analyze, and implement protocols and practices and assure compliance with provincial and federal infection control directives and guidelines. 
Current knowledge of infection prevention and control policies, procedures, protocols, literature and standards 
Demonstrate strong organizational, time-management and critical thinking abilities 
Demonstrate excellent leadership abilities 
Demonstrate excellent interpersonal, verbal & written communication skills 
Demonstrate excellent presentation skills 
Demonstrate the ability to work independently and is self-directed while possessing the ability to work in a collaborative manner 
Excellent work performance and attendance record 
A valid driver’s license required for travel between Halton Healthcare hospitals, Joseph Brant Memorial Hospital and multiple Halton Region congregate settings 
 Date Posted:  November 14, 2020 
 Position will be posted until filled 
 If you are passionate about what you do, motivated by a job well done, and as committed to excellence, quality and patient satisfaction as we are, we'd like to hear from you. Please submit your application via our website at www.haltonhealthcare.com directly to this posting and include a current copy of your resume. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those individuals selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and the Ontario Human Rights Code, Halton Healthcare will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process. If you require an accommodation, we will work with you to meet your accommodation needs to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Halton Healthcare is a smoke free facility in and around all three sites. Smoking is not permitted on hospital properties. We thank everyone who works at or visits our hospitals for respecting this healthy initiative. We are also a scent-free environment for all employees and visitors to accommodate individuals’ health concerns arising from exposure to scented products. We ask for everyone's cooperation in our efforts to accommodate health concerns. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
