Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 The Wide, Wild World of Nursing School 
 Editor    11th December    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=The%20Wide%2C%20Wild%20World%20of%20Nursing%20School%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fshould-i-be-a-nurse%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 There are a lot of offerings when it comes to  nursing school . How do you understand the differences? 
 A BSN usually takes four years to complete, and the curriculum is much the same as an ADN but with more in-depth study and more hands-on experience. 
 Nurses with BSN degrees simply have more knowledge about nursing than their lesser-educated co-workers, which makes them substantially more attractive to employers. 
 Additionally, BSNs have a wider variety of  career options  after graduation. 
 Though they may choose to find employment at a hospital or care facility and assume the typical nursing responsibilities, they may also choose to enter the field of public health to aid communities in health initiatives, or they may work as nurse educators to train another generation of hardworking nurses. 
 Plus, BSNs earn more than $10,000 more in salary than nurses with only associate’s degrees or certificates. 
 Master’s Degree 
 A nurse with a Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) degree has demonstrated his or her devotion to  become a health care provider  that is more knowledgeable, skilled, and effective. MSN programs range in duration depending on one’s target of study, but ultimately, every MSN graduate receives the distinction as a master in his or her field. 
 With advanced studies into subjects necessary for nurses, MSN graduates are better equipped than their peers to handle specialized tasks in hospitals and care centers. 
 Thus, nurses with MSNs are more likely to excel in the workplace and receive commendations like promotions and raises. 
 MSNs rarely work as menial workers; instead, hospitals vie to hire MSNs as chief nursing officers, nurse administrators, nursing directors and more. On average, an MSN earns a six-figure salary because of his or her advanced responsibilities. 
 Doctorate 
 In most fields of study, the doctorate is the most difficult degree to achieve, and thus it is the most prestigious and coveted of the advanced degrees. However, in nursing, the doctorate isn’t necessarily all that beneficial. 
 Because nursing is above and beyond a practice discipline — meaning workers gain knowledge and skill mostly through hands-on experience — the years upon years of academic study into nursing doesn’t yield much benefit to the individual nurse. 
 In fact, while most hospitals and care facilities are happy to hire a candidate with a  master’s degree , they are reticent to hire anyone with so much academic distinction simply because it usually demonstrates their failure to practice in their field. Nurses who desire the honor that a Ph.D. allows should recognize that their career options might be limited to the education sphere after they win their title. 
 Certificates 
 Nurses who lack the time and dedication to achieve a complete degree can consider earning a certificate as a licensed practical nurse (LPN) or a licensed vocational nurse (LVN). 
 Certification usually takes a little under a year to complete, though the curriculum is generally just as rigorous as most ADN programs, which means students must learn quite a bit in a significantly shorter period. 
 Additionally, like an ADN, LPN/LVN certifications will not allow nurses to progress very far in their careers, but they are always able to enroll in  additional education  to better their understanding and preparedness for the field. 
 Hopefully these explanations can help you understand what your options are in nursing. 
 (   Photo   by Joe Philipson /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 should i be a nurse (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Editor  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Facebook  |  Other Articles 
 Tina Su is the editor at  Work Awesome  and  Think Simple Now . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Giving Dressing Up a Dressing Down  
  _ _     Super Rich List: 20 Entrepreneurs with No Degrees  
  _ _     Good Riddance: How to Know When it’s Time to Change Jobs  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
