Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Education Facilitator - Renal Services 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Education Facilitator - Full Time 
 File #:  2020-19063 
 Status:  Full Time 
 Dept:  Chronic Kidney Disease Program 
 Site:  Credit Valley Hospital 
 Reposted:  November 17, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 24, 2020 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Job Summary 
 Provides staff development expertise as an education facilitator, change agent, and leader. 
Supports the development of bedside nursing through the delivery of evidenced based nursing practice. 
Facilitates the educational process through assessment, development, planning, implementation 
Evaluation of competency assessment, continuing education and leadership development. 
 Qualifications 
 Current certificate of competence from the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Baccalaureate degree required 
CNeph(c) certification preferred 
Minimum 3-5 years in nephrology nursing with extensive hemodialysis experience 
Previous experience as a preceptor and/or clinical instruction preferred. 
Knowledge of clinical assessment tools and the development of individual learning plans 
Ability to incorporate principles of adult learning in the planning, implementation, and evaluation of education programs 
Excellent assessment, interpersonal, communication and critical thinking skills 
Strong knowledge of best practice related to acute and chronic renal disease. 
Proficiency in basic computer skills including Microsoft Office, 
Required ability to provide instructional materials using a variety of media and formats. 
Satisfactory performance and attendance required 
 Responsibilities 
 Coordinates orientation of new staff to the chronic kidney disease program and organization 
Facilitates the adult learning process, creating a climate that supports learning across the program 
Participate in the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of education and training of staff. 
Serves as a clinical role model and facilitator for clinical practice promoting excellence and safety 
Participates in the development of core education to address patient population specific nursing care 
Collaboratively develops policies and procedures based on evidence based practice 
Leads and/or serves as an educational consultant to committees and projects relating to policy, procedure and program development. 
Participates in the monitoring and evaluation of quality indicators related to patient care and process improvement activities. 
Investigates and follows-up on patient care issues and problem solving emergent clinical/technical issues. 
Availability to work all shifts , including weekends and flexibility in work schedule and sites is required to meet unit needs for education and training 
 Internal candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
