
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 John McNeil Studio is looking for a Senior Writer in Berkeley, CA. 
 About 
 John McNeil Studio is looking for a full-time writer to join our team. We are a collective of strategists, writers, designers, filmmakers, technologists, musicians, and photographers who help companies tell compelling stories and build brands. We love digital, but embrace print. We are founded in aesthetics, but also in utility. We make things that make brands grow. 
 Every project we take on represents an opportunity to build a brand, whether it’s a global campaign theme or an online banner. We need a writer who consistently delivers sound strategic thinking and powerful creative content. 
 Role: 
- Create compelling and effective advertising campaigns for all mediums: digital, print, video, experiential, etc. 
-Write tight, provocative headlines and copy. 
-Bring a positive, inquisitive attitude to every assignment, that reflects a passion for building brands and pride in your abilities as a creative thinker. 
-Join forces with the other copywriters, designers, art directors, strategists, project managers, producers and programmers on the team here and your willingness to push us forward. 
 Qualifications: 
- 5+ years of proven agency experience. 
- Excellent writing and storytelling skills: the ability to develop and drive ideas that inspire clients and creative teams. - A portfolio that shows good solid campaign work—in multiple media. 
- A self-starter with a strong worth ethic: willing to work hard, collaborate with colleagues and look for ways to solve challenges. 
 This is a full time job with the ability to work remotely within California. 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7978-john-mcneil-studio-senior-writer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Copywriting 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Melissa Hutchinson 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
