Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative - Casual -Toronto East (Scarborough) 
 LCBO 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 LCBO 
 Pay: 
$16.10 - $29.38 
 Job Posting Description: 
Part Time Customer Service Representative 
 The LCBO is currently accepting applications for Part-time Customer Service Representatives to work in LCBO’s retail stores in Toronto East - Scarborough. 
 Part-time Customer Service Representatives are expected to serve customers promptly, courteously and responsibly and in addition to interacting with customers, your responsibilities will include unloading trucks; handling stock; and operating computerized cash registers. Physical tasks include repetitive moving and lifting of bottles varying in weight, and lifting cases weighing up to 60 lbs/28 kg; standing for extended periods of time and being able to reach, climb, bend, twist and walk. 
 Hours available to casual employees will depend on the operational requirements for each store and are scheduled in accordance with the collective agreement based on an employee’s seniority and availability. Customer Service Representatives are usually assigned to work during our peak periods (evening and weekend shifts), or whenever extra help is required. You must be available for work during peak business periods (i.e. Christmas, tourist periods, etc.). Hours are not guaranteed, but are scheduled in advance by the store manager. However, on occasion, you may be called in to work on short notice. 
 Reference & Police Security Check: 
Applicants will be required to provide an original criminal record check at their own expense prior to commencing work with LCBO. The criminal record check document must have been issued no more than six (6) months prior to first day of employment. Criminal record checks can be obtained by attending your local police department, or by using an online platform provided by a third-party supplier like Sterling Talent Solutions/mybackcheck.com. 
 Process with Local Police: 
If you choose to attend a local police department to procure your criminal record check, please be aware that pricing and processing time will vary by location. 
 Online Process with Sterling Talent Solutions/mybackcheck.com : 
 Criminal record checks obtained through Sterling Talent Solutions/mybackcheck.com are completed online and results are returned usually within one business day. To complete your check online, please visit the website https://www.sterlingtalentsolutions.ca/landing-pages/l/lcbo-retail-stores/ 
 
 Please note that LCBO is not responsible for applicants’ use of any third party supplier of criminal record checks. 
 
 To explore these challenging opportunities, please apply online, at www.lcbo.com/careers , Applicants must answer the indicated questions to be further considered. We appreciate your interest, and advise that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 The LCBO is dedicated to hiring a diverse, productive workforce, and each year we receive a strong response for part-time employment. Opportunities for positions are limited due to low turnover rates in our stores. 
 Your interest in employment with the LCBO is appreciated and you are encouraged to visit our stores and website throughout the year for employment information. 
 Please be advised that candidates may be contacted by email. You may want to alter your settings accordingly. 
 Duration: 
 Work Hours: 
0 
 Union / Non-Union: 
Union 
 Job Posting End Date: 
The LCBO is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
