Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 The Importance of Vacation Time 
 Sara Hodon    14th August    Your Job   3 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=The%20Importance%20of%20Vacation%20Time%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fimportant-vacation-time%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Many of us have an aversion to using our vacation time. This seems to be more prevalent in the United States than in the rest of the world, and I’m not sure why, since we get fewer days off than most other countries. For some of us, we just feel too guilty about taking days off. We think our workplace will shut down if we’re not there to pull our weight. Others get a similar vibe (either real or perceived) from their managers or co-workers. In any case, think about how many times you’ve heard yourself or one of your colleagues say “I have too much to do and can’t get away” as you bury yourself further into another project. 
 This article  from Information Week says that less than half of America’s workforce use all of their vacation days. I know folks who proudly say “I haven’t used my vacation time in years!” It’s true that many of us may not be able to use the whole two weeks every year. But for some (and you know who you are) shutting down the laptop or Blackberry, leaving the cell on vibrate (or—gasp!—leaving it at home), or letting the paperwork go for a even few days is unthinkable. But for our own physical, mental, and emotional well-being, it’s important to get away for a few days and recharge those batteries. 
 Signs That You Need a Vacation 
 You say you can keep going  without any time off?  If you regularly put in 10 or 12-hour workdays, it’s going to catch up with you after a while. If you keep up that pace for weeks or months, your body will simply start wearing out. You’ll also have to take a look at the work you’ve been doing in that time—is it really your best effort? 
 Think people won’t notice that you’re starting to get burned out? The next time you’re stuck at the office for what seems like days on end, see how many co-workers, friends, or good old Mom ask you “Are you okay? You look tired”. Or, if you’re starting to notice any of these symptoms, you may want to pencil in a few days off to decompress: 
 
 Irritability 
 Fatigue 
 Insomnia 
 Inability to concentrate 
 Memory loss 
 Eye strain (from staring at a computer screen for a long stretch) 
 Dark circles under your eyes from lack of sleep 
 
 Too much stress or overwork without time off can lead to more serious health problems in the future. The short list includes: 
 
 High blood pressure (which can lead to a stroke or heart attack) 
 Weight gain (from eating quick, easy, but usually unhealthy meals on the run) 
 Bouts of insomnia 
 Hair loss 
 Depression 
 Digestive problems 
 Skin problems such as eczema 
 
 If you suffer from any of these conditions already, prolonged stress can make them worse. Though it’s admirable to plow through the mountain of work on your desk day in and day out, if you have any of the above symptoms, you have to ask yourself if risking your health for the sake of your job is really worth it.  Wrap up any current projects  and tell your boss that you’ll be unavailable for a few days next week. Chances are your work performance and those who’ve been putting up with your grumpy moods will thank you. 
 What to Do on Days Off 
 It sounds hard to believe, but I know people who just don’t know what to do with themselves when they get a little bit of free time. High-energy folks who always need to be doing something might see vacation days as the kiss of death. But relax! It’s not a crime to take a day or two off to just do nothing. For me, every vacation day I’ve used in the past year was to go on a trip of some kind. My holidays off have been filled with visiting family and friends, with very little down time for myself. My random vacation days were spent getting caught up on freelance assignments. Finally, my July 4th holiday this year was reserved for me—I purposely did nothing all day. I got my picnicking, fireworks, and obligatory quality time with friends and family out of the way early in the weekend, and that day was just for myself. Try it sometime. Lay around in your pajamas all day. Read a book. Organize your closet. Go shopping. Really take the day off. 
 But if you don’t want to have a totally open calendar for your vacation days, here are a few ideas: 
 Plan a full-fledged vacation. 
 ****Think big. Drive across the state or country. Go on a cruise. Hike the Himalayas or go rafting on the Colorado River. 
 Visit friends in another state. 
 ****Combine two of my favorite things—road tripping and seeing friends you don’t see that often. Check out what’s happening where they are. Or book a flight and meet them in their nearest big city. 
 
 Play tourist in your hometown. 
 ****If a big trip isn’t in your budget (or if you don’t have the days to spare), look around you—you can probably make a perfectly nice vacation out of your local landmarks, tourist attractions. Go camping in your nearest state park. Convince your friends or family to take a few days off and visit an amusement park. Check out the historical attractions near you. Chances are you haven’t been to the places with history and character galore that are literally steps away from where you live. And if you’re in a city—even better. You can cover more ground in a day than most visitors since you know your way around. 
 What about you? Do you use all of your vacation time? Do you have enough vacation time?  Why or why not? 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 importance of vacation ,  importance of vacation time ,  why is vacation important ,  why vacation is important ,  why is vacation time important ,  the importance of vacation ,  why vacation time is important ,  why is it important to take a vacation ,  importance of vacation leave ,  importance of taking vacation 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 days off (1) 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 Vacation (1) 
 
 
 vacation time (2) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Sara Hodon  |  Other Articles 
 Sara Hodon is a freelance writer, nonprofit program manager, and English instructor based in Northeast Pennsylvania. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     7 LinkedIn Mistakes To Avoid  
  _ _     5 Productivity Tools for the Busy Freelancer  
  _ _     Podcast 19 - From Writer to Entrepreneur: Jen Bilik  
 
 Discussion 
 
 3 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Jens P. Berget  on the 15th August 
 
 Reply   
 To me, vacation is very important and finally I've discovered the perfect vacation. My work is stressing, and therefore I want to have a very relaxing vacation with my wife and kids. 
 For the past three years, we've been on vacation in a tent at a beautiful remote island in Norway. We don't have any electricity, no water (I have to walk about 20 minutes to get water). People can't reach us, because the mobile phones don't work at this spot 🙂 
 The nature is stunning, and the kids are playing all day long. It's the perfect vacation for us, and I don't think about work even for a minute. We stayed there for 4 weeks this summer, and I'm just back at work with a lot more energy than before the summer. 
 * **[Ana da Silva](http://www.brainyboxer.com)** on the 16th August 
 
 Please tell me where that is! I absolutely love Norway 🙂 
 
 beekeeper  on the 16th August 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for the msg, this is good yes i know most of us don't take holiday and do something wild, but honestly its very important to take vacation and leave everything behind for sometime. 
 If you work in the morning you always get more energy after a good sleep and your brain cells starts working with fresh mind. 
 Iam following all these now-a-days i can't believe how relieved iam and how much i can able to achieve by taking some rest, i use to work without intervals and think iam missing a lot. but its actually the other way. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
