Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Exhibit Development Intern 
 Science North 
 __Greater Sudbury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Message 
 Friday, November 15, 2019 4:51 PM -0500 
 From: 
Anne-Marie Wilkie 
 Subject:  Exhibit Development Intern 
 To: 
JobOpportunity 
 Exhibit Development Intern 
$17.69 per hour 
 Science North is a global leader in our cutting-edge and unique approach to award-winning and robust visitor experiences. Our products, programs and services reach all across Northern Ontario and further to a global market. We have won multiple awards for creating high impact visitor experiences for people of all ages. 
 Does being part of a great team working together to achieve goals sound like it’s right for you? Would you like to contribute your creative ideas and design skills towards an exceptional experience? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced exciting environment where no two days are ever the same? Science North is seeking to fill the following internship opportunities. Internships are one year in length and will start as soon as possible. All applicants must meet the following internship program eligibility requirements. Candidates must be recent graduates (within 3 years) from an accredited college or university, legally entitled to work in Canada, not previous participants in an internship program and the internship must represent a first-time employment opportunity in their field of study. All positions require exceptional interpersonal and communication (oral and written) skills and the ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment. 
 The Exhibit Development Intern will support the Science Program Unit and the development of Science North’s travelling exhibitions, which includes developing smaller exhibit versions to travel to Northern Ontario communities. The position will also assist with exhibit development within the science centre. The Projects Staff Scientist will lead and mentor the Intern and assist them in learning the skills required to develop, design, prototype, and fabricate robust, hands-on exhibits that appeal to all ages. The Intern position will be to work within the exhibit development team, to develop skills in assessing exhibit content needs, to inform exhibit design and fabrication, to implement exhibit installation, to gather visitor engagement data for Science North research, and to develop exhibit touring documents and exhibit amendments prior to touring. Successful candidates should have a degree/diploma in science and/or architecture/design. 
 Interested applicants are asked to forward resumes to careers@sciencenorth.ca quoting job number EDI-100. Deadline for applications is November 28, 2019. Science North is committed to an inclusive workplace and invites applications from all qualified individuals to join our diverse team. Accommodations are available upon request in all aspects of Science North’s selection process. We thank all interested candidates; only those selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
