Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Analyst, Marketing Intelligence 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Senior Analyst within the Marketing Intelligence team, you will collaborate with peers in demand generation, digital messaging, web analytics, data science and the PC Express business marketing teams to advance our marketing strategy. You will mine, manipulate and extract data from our massive datasets to glean insights which impact customer acquisition, retention and engagement strategies. You will also play a large role in building and owning our digital marketing analytics products and models (ex. CAC, Attribution, Propensity models). 
 We’re looking for a team player who gets excited about answering difficult business problems and isn’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and get deep into the data. Our ideal candidate loves to constantly be digging into the ‘why’ and is not afraid to challenge the status quo and ask the difficult questions. You must be keen on delivering insights which have a strong bias towards action and be a storyteller. 
What you'll do 
Be a key point of contact for the PC Express Online Grocery team to drive customer acquisition and retention by mining and analyzing our wealth of digital, marketing, transactional and loyalty data. You’ll also be working side by side and participating in sprints, ideation, backlog grooming and other agile ceremonies 
Build and own marketing analytics products (ex. automated reports and dashboards using Data Studio, Looker etc.), segmentation strategies and provide actionable insights 
Spearhead the discovery, planning, analysis and building of channel attribution models to enable insights and recommendations to optimize media investment 
Partner with the Business Intelligence/Data Engineering, Growth and Data Science teams to onboard data, define and standardize business rules and create/deploy semantic layers for marketing use cases 
Does this Sound like you? 
Expert in data manipulation and analysis using SQL is a must (using BigQuery Standard SQL and/or Python in Datalab is a plus!) 
A strong understanding of how marketing tech can be leveraged to solve business problems 
Sound knowledge of CRM principles and lifecycle marketing strategies (ex. customer journey, acquisition, conversion, loyalty, engagement, retention and attrition models) 
Experience working with raw data from Google or Adobe analytics, Media platforms (ex. Google Marketing Platforms, Facebook), Email Platforms (Salesforce), Experimentation (ex. Adobe Target, Audience Manager) 
Experience owning and/or contributing to advanced analytics projects (ex. Building custom attribution models, omni-channel customer journey analysis, Propensity to buy models, etc) 
Experience with measuring campaign effectiveness using statistical concepts (ANOVA, ANCOVA, T-test, etc) 
Have previously built compelling visualizations to convey key insights using tools such as Tableau, Looker, PowerBI or python libraries (ex. seaborn, matplotlib, ggplot) 
Exceptional organizational, problem solving, critical thinking and analysis skills combined with the ability to synthesize and effectively communicate findings to all levels throughout the organization (including conveying technical concepts to non technical audiences) 
Demonstrated ability to manage priorities, maintain focus while working on multiple complex projects 
Undergraduate degree, preferably in mathematics, computer science, engineering, business or related disciplines, with a sound understanding of data analytics 
3+ years of experience analyzing large datasets and extracting insights within the sales and marketing analytics space 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
