Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Analyst 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Be a part of the largest IT transformation in Canadian retail history! We’re changing our business processes, technology, structure, and culture, and we need you to help us get there. Our Enterprise Information Technology group, supporting both Loblaw Companies Limited and Shoppers Drug Mart, provides best in class production, testing and warranty support as well as application design and development services to Canada’s largest grocery retailer. 
 We are looking for a Product Analyst to join our team. This position is an exciting opportunity to support our Corporate Finance colleagues and work for the largest Employer in Canada! 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
Collaborate with the Product Owner/Business Stakeholders to understand, elicit, analyze, document, and communicate program and platform/application objectives as a suite of stories and/or specifications. 
Facilitate solution exploration and understand the business unit(s) being supported. 
Negotiate effectively with Business Stakeholders to clarify needs vs. wants and likes in order to balance business direction/requirements with cost of development. 
Collaborate with the Product Owner/Business Stakeholder to define the value of Minimum Viable Product. 
Create user stories and acceptance criteria, support delivery estimation, provide a technical perspective and input into design, which includes authoring/validating technical artifacts. 
Partner with the Delivery team to define the overall testing approach. 
Develop test scripts. 
Act as a catalyst for continuous improvement by working with the team to prioritize defects and support resolution where necessary. 
Work with the Product Owner to ensure business/functional knowledge is available for team members to complete their activities. 
Identify risks, issues and roadblocks. 
Understand and ensure security and data privacy standards are followed. 
Maintain close ties and collaborate with other Product, Platform, and Service teams. 
 Core Skills and Behaviours: 
Strong working knowledge of Finance information systems (e.g. SAP, HighRadius). 
With support, demonstrates problem solving and facilitation techniques to make feasible recommendations, and guide the Business Stakeholder conversations on the "what" of possible solutions, in detail, so that the delivery team can then deliver the "how" of the solution. 
Uses various collaborative problem-solving techniques (e.g. design thinking). 
Collaborates with Business and other stakeholders to identify business needs, and capture and present business needs as epics / user stories. 
Embraces agile values and principles and demonstrate in the product team, driving collaboration. 
Understands the principles of Business process redesign (e.g. Lean Six Sigma). 
Presents ideas in a clear and concise manner, tailor communication style and messaging to the audience (e.g. Executives, Managers, and Subject Matter Experts). 
Monitors project plans, schedules, work hours, budgets, organizes and participates in stakeholder meetings, and ensures that initiative deadlines are met in a timely manner. 
 Experience and Additional Qualifications Areas are an asset: 
Minimum 3 years of prior experience as a Product Analyst. 
Prior experience as a Project Coordinator. 
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced / agile environment while handling daily planned and unplanned operational activities. 
Ability to successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. 
Ability to prioritize workload and execute tasks independently, providing timely follow-up and resolution. 
 Exposure to automation:  writing automation and test scripts. 
Familiarity with the use of test frameworks for automation of functional/non-functional, regression and risk-based testing. 
Working in an agile team and using Agile / Dev Ops principles. 
Skilled in Microsoft Office desktop products. 
JIRA & its modules in the ecosystem (e.g. Confluence, TM4J). 
IIBA Certification. 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
