VIETNAM GLOBAL NETWORK 
 Singapore Contacts - Vietnam Network 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About the Founder 
 About us 
 Business Opportunities 
 Business Workshops 
 Career Opportunities 
 Contact Us 
 Guardianship Services 
 Language Training 
 Our Services 
 Testimonials 
 
 Career Opportunities 
 
 SALES ASSOCIATE (VIETNAMESE MARKET) 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Position:  Sales Associate (Vietnamese market) 
 Direct report: Product Sales Manager 
 Indirect Report: Team Lead, Sales 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 The Sales Associate is the most important role in the sales floor as they are on the front line and the direct link between the product and the Vietnamese customer. 
 They deliver a seamless customer experience as exceptional people delivering an exceptional product, building customer loyalty and relationships with Vietnamese and other nationalities while delivering sales and productivity targets. 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBITIES: 
 1. Selling 
 
 
 Assist mainly Vietnamese customers as well as other nationalities in selecting, purchasing, refunding merchandise while demonstrating good communication skills and excellence in customer service at all times. 
 
 
 Treat all goods, regardless of value, with care and present to the customer with highest level of respect. 
 
 
 Complete customer transactions in a professional, timely manner. 
 
 
 Inform customer necessary information they need to know if applicable. 
 
 
 2. Customer Experience 
 
 
 Maintain a smart and well-groomed appearance when in uniform to convey a professional image of self-confidence and competence. 
 
 
 Apply the principles of Apprentice so as to achieve superior customer service. 
 
 
 Respond to customer queries and complaints in a polite and courteous manner – refer to the manager or Manager on Duty if appropriate. 
 
 
 3. Floor and Product Presentation 
 
 
 Demonstrate product features and special product information. 
 
 
 Ensure floor presentation meets or exceeds brand and DFS requirements. 
 
 
 Maintains stock levels of all merchandise in the department. 
 
 
 Be familiar with store layout and direct customers to merchandise, services and facilities as appropriate. 
 
 
 To assist the Management team in the coordination and execution of all team merchandising activities, including inventory management, presentation quantities, promotional activities and merchandise stock flow. 
 
 
 4. Teamwork 
 
 
 Work cooperatively with co-workers to accomplish sales and service goals. 
 
 
 Assist other sales staff in periods of peak demand to ensure that customers in all areas are attended to promptly and efficiently, with waiting time reduced to a minimum. 
 
 
 Take action to problem solve or effectively communicate to manager for assistance. 
 
 
 Provide manager with customer’s feedback. 
 
 
 Treat all management and fellow team-members with respect to support a healthy and positive team environment. 
 
 
 5. General 
 
 
 Plan, participate and help monitor physical inventories as scheduled which includes inventory preparation. 
 
 
 Maintain light housekeeping. Ensure retail areas and store rooms are neat, clean, hazard free and dust-free. 
 
 
 Adhere to established health and safety policy and other DFS company policies, procedures, and regulations. 
 
 
 Attend meetings, trainings and store briefings when required, to gain greater knowledge of the business and products. 
 
 
 KEY RELATIONSHIPS  : (Internal & External) 
 
 
 Vietnamese customers and other nationalities 
 
 
 Fellow colleagues 
 
 
 Team Lead, Sales & Product Sales Managers 
 
 
 POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 
 High School diploma or equivalent, or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job 
 
 
 Minimum 1 year sales/cashiering experience in a retail environment 
 
 
 Proficient in English and Vietnamese due to the need to communicate with Vietnamese customers 
 
 
 Proficient with handling a POS register machine 
 
 
 Ability to work flexible hours / shifts, including weekends, nights and holidays 
 
 
 Able to work overtime hours when necessary 
 
 
 Good organizational skills, self-starter and highly motivated 
 
 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, high pressure environment 
 
 
 High energy level and positive approach to job and group responsibilities. 
 
 
 If you are interested, please forward your resumes to  talent_singapore@dfs.com . 
 Source:  DFS Venture Singapore (Pte) Limited 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Photos 
   
   
   
       
   
       
   
   
   
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
