Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Technical Project Manager 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experiences, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. Loblaw Digital is the team resposibile for building and operating the online businesses of Canada’s largest and most successful retailer. Based in downtown Toronto, we are an entrepreneurial, fast-paced, and collaborative team working towards transforming the way Canadians shop by creating leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, loyalty, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started! To achieve these goals, we are looking for talented and passionate individuals who want to collaborate and solve challenging problems and make significant and lasting impact on Canadians. 
 Role 
Our Technical Project Managers are integral to how we operate at Loblaw Digital and are responsible for not only ensuring that eCommerce Technology projects are delivered on-time, on-budget, and on-plan; but also ensuring collaboration and enablement amongst our cross-functional teams. Our network of team members are deployed across all of our businesses, and strategically placed throughout our shared capabilities…we operate as a unit with a vision focused on: bridging functions by making connections, inspiring transparency, communicating facts clearly, and enabling solution-forward ideas collaboratively. 
 As a Senior Technical Project Manager (Sr.TPM) you will manage technical eCommerce projects that span across our digital services teams that also work with multi-disciplinary teams (both internal at Loblaw Digital and externally with the broader enterprise). You will create and track detailed project plans, manage and resolve issues and risks, manage teams directly and indirectly, and communicate status and priorities through succinct updates. Candidates should have extensive experience managing a portfolio of multiple teams, launching large-scale technology projects and be comfortable with business case analysis, business process documentation, requirements gathering, and project management. 
 What You'll Do 
In partnership with product, technology, and shared capability teams, plan end-to-end delivery of technical solutions for business and technology initiatives 
Support business objectives and plan definition management, identification and resolution of project risks/issues, and cross-fucntional roadmap efficiencies 
Enable and foster relationship management, stakeholder communication, and management of cross team dependencies, including and not limited to scoping, planning, prioritization, escalation, capacity planning, as well as management of cross-functional alignment 
Serve as the key liaison for the digital services practice and proactively clarify and prioritize team ideas, needs, and problems that require technology enablement 
Support digital services teams (Marketing Intelligence, Digital Analytics, and Digital Messaging) with roadmap management, weekly ceremonies, working with cross-functional teams to bring varying initiatives to life 
Lead technical project management for existing data eco-system in our organization by bringing teams together to proactively plan and align on strategies that are both interim solutions, and long term investments 
Run air traffic control for digital services teams; own the coordination of our internal roadmaps across subteams, and the coordination of those roadmaps with other teams, TPMs, or enterprise IT organization 
Coordinate cross-team projects where sourcing alignment with the owners of data sources is required 
Does this Sound like you? 
5+ years of experience managing high-volume, complex, consumer facing eCommerce projects 
Strong inter-personal skills including ability to work in a cross-functional environment and communicate with all levels of the organization 
Expertise in the digital advertising space, a genuine curiosity for martech and digital data (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Ad Server, DSP’s, DMP’s, Attribution tools, etc.) is strongly preferred 
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Computer Science required, advanced degree strongly preferred 
Excellent understanding of the Agile and Scrum methodologies 
Experience managing projects in cloud envrionments an asset, especially Google Cloud Platform (GCP) 
Exposure to modern DevOps and Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practices around CI/CD, Infrastructure as Code, Availability, etc. 
Excellent understanding of web and mobile technologies especially as it relates to eCommerce 
Experience communicating technical constructs and concepts to non-technical stakeholders 
Forward, proactive, and strategic thinker with the ability to think outside of the box 
Demonstrated ability to drive to clear action and ownership 
Exceptional project and time management skills 
Collaborative partner and strong problem-solving skills 
Excellent understanding of the retail industry as it relates to eCommerce 
Thrive in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment 
Experience managing projects requiring data engineering work, building data pipelines, and automating processes is strongly preferred 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
 If you have big ideas, undeniable enthusiasm, and thrive in a collaborative, creative, and diverse group, we’ll get along just fine. 
 Looking for a challenge? Good. Love an innovative work environment? Even better. 
Apply today. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
