Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Case Manager, RN 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1685 Tech Ave, Mississauga, Ontario, L4W 0A7 
 Take ownership and find more ways to care about our local store owners in a career at Shoppers Drug Mart Central Office / Store Support. Provide great service, specific expertise and actionable advice to support Associate-Owners and their staff in delivering the best health, beauty and convenience services to Canadians. 
 Why this role is important? 
 Case Manager, Clinical 
 Location :  ONTARIO 
 Why work at Specialty Health Network? 
 Specialty Health Network (or SHN, as we call ourselves) is a growing division of Shoppers Drug Mart, with a strong entrepreneurial spirit. We pride ourselves in having an awesome work culture and fun environment! We offer competitive salaries, a great benefit package, Shoppers Drug Mart discount, Goodlife gym discount, RRSP/Pension plans, Employee share ownership plan, professional training and development and many more perks! 
 Shoppers Drug Mart was acquired by Loblaw in 2014, the largest employer in Canada – making your career opportunities within our larger organization - endless! 
 Basic Function 
 The Case Manager is responsible for a collaborative process of ongoing assessment, planning, facilitation, service coordination, evaluation, and advocacy to meet the client/patient needs through communication and available resources to promote quality cost effective outcomes. The Case Manager may work directly with the reimbursement team to help secure drug coverage. Looking for 4 candidates. 1 in the GTA, 1 in Ottawa, 1 in Calgary and 1 in Quebec. 
 Nature and Scope 
 The Case Manager will maintain a patient cases load providing:  disease state and molecule education to patients and care-givers, telephone support, monitoring of adherence and compliance, and side effect management. Building strong working relationships both internally and externally are key responsibilities to meet specific team and business objectives. In addition, the Case Manager will attend pre-booked training sessions, complete self- learning assignments and independent studies while adhering to SDM Specialty Health Network Standard Operating Procedures, Policies, and the College of Nurses Standards of Practice. 
 What you will do: 
Responsible for assigned patient case load. 
 Act as the primary resource & contact for patients, physicians, Health Care Professionals and vendors. 
 Coordinates & facilitates the client progress from enrollment and throughout therapy. 
 Ensure thorough documentation in patient file to ensure continuity of care is maintained and that any changes in patient care are clearly identified and transitioned accordingly 
 Provide status updates related to reimbursement; coordinate nursing requirements; blood work; pharmacy dispensing / delivery / refill requests. 
 Responsible for the collection and reporting of adverse events, product complaints, and product replacements based on the MAH criteria to meet Health Canada’s Guidelines for specified programs. 
 Promotes communication and coordination between the MDs/pharma/patients/clinic staff and other departments within SDM Specialty Health Network 
 Available to visit clinics, provide training & build relationships on behalf of the program(s). 
 Work collaboratively with the Pharma company representatives. 
 Respect confidentiality, advocate for patients/families to facilitate positive outcomes, and ensure that ethical issues are identified and resolved according to the Canadian Nurses Association Code of Ethics. 
 Demonstrate commitment to Continuous Quality Improvement. 
 Maintain high standards of professional practice by adhering to the ethics of the profession and keeping abreast of the latest professional advances. 
 Assume responsibility for personal and professional development. 
 Other responsibilities as required by SDM Specialty Health Network. 
 What you will need: 
Registered Nurse with a current, unrestricted license in the province of employment. BScN preferred, however, a combination of experience and education will be considered. 
 Knowledge of case management processes. 
 Neurology and/or Osteoporsis experience. 
 Fluently bilingual in both written and spoken languages (French & English). 
 Five or more years direct clinical experience. 
 Proficiency of computer skills including:  Microsoft applications (Outlook, Word, Excel and Internet Explorer); experience with web based applications (Oracle; Seibel). 
 Ability to adapt to a changing environment. 
 Strong telephony skills. 
 Demonstrated leadership experience and ability to work under pressure. 
 Ability to provide an organized, efficient approach to case management. 
 Possession of excellent skills in assessment, communication, critical thinking and decision making. 
 Ability to demonstrate understanding of SDM Specialty Health Network policies, legal considerations and professional ethics. 
 Commitment to the principle of quality client-centered service delivery. 
 Knowledge of theory and implementation of Continuous Quality Improvement processes. 
 Current CPR certificate and recertification as required. 
 Self-transportation - requires a valid driver’s license and insured automobile is a requirement. 
 Why work at Shoppers Drug Mart? 
 Acting as consultants, supporting internal customers and the Associate-Owners, you will get experience unique to the retail industry while working for an award-winning national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your work, co-workers, customers and community. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. , we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
