Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Overnight RN/RPN for Tracheostomy Support 
 Qualicare Family Homecare 
 __Kitchener-Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Nurses Needed (RPN / RN) 
 We are currently seeking nurses who are available Mondays to Thursdays to monitor pediatric clients overnight who require tracheostomy and ventilator care 
 We are looking for Nurses with experience in health care, and child care. Experience working with respiratory care clients (tracheostomy care, ventilator care) would be considered an asset. The ideal candidate would be an experienced, proactive team player, who is carries a positive outlook while using their knowledge, skills and judgement to delivery effective quality care. If you have these qualities, we are looking for you. 
 Care responsibilities may include: 
 
 Oversight Of Care Plan 
 Delivery of Care Plan as required 
 Active participation in patient communication 
 Monitoring of patient 
 Reporting all information to Director 
 Advocacy for patient needs and / or preferences 
 
 Education requirements include: 
 
 Trained/Certified and currently registered with CNO as an RPN/RN 
 Current Police Checks, First-Aid and CPR training 
 Drivers license and reliable vehicle an asset 
 
 Applicant qualifications to include: 
 
 Ability to think on their own, solve problems and work independently 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Ability to deal with conflict 
 Compassionate and able to show care for others 
 Reliable, trustworthy and flexible 
 Has maturity to manage change in the job 
 Excellent references from previous employers 
 Computer literate and able to use technology for scheduling and communication 
 License and all certifications are current 
 Willingness to travel 
 
 Compensation: Competitive rates based on experience, education and job responsibilities. Hourly bonus for Tracheostomy certification 
 Successful candidates will be contacted for an in person interview, where applicants should bring in copies of all documents that fully describe their experience, training, references and ability to be the best overall candidate. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Application Questions You have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: 
 
 How many years of Respiratory experience do you have? 
 Do you have the following license or certification: Registered Nurse (RPN, RN)? 
 
 Full time 35-40 per week.. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $30.00-$35.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 RRSP match 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Nursing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Kitchener-Waterloo, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
