Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Lifehack Articles 
 
 15 Items You Need To Have In Your Office Pantry 
 10 Signs of a Productive Office 
 The Best Craft Beers From Each State in the USA 
 30 Inspiring Books You Have To Read 
 10 Most Energy Efficient Countries 
 5 Phrases An Ambitious Person Will Never Say 
 10 Signs You Are Probably An Ambivert 
 14 Things You Miss When Constantly Staring At Your Smartphone 
 25 Fictional Books That Will Change Your Outlook 
 8 Books That Were Disliked By Their Own Authors 
 5 Evening Habits of Successful People 
 10 Best Activities to Do With Introverts 
 8 Signs You're An Unexpectedly Indispensable Employee 
 15 Value Business Books That Can Bolster Your Skill Set 
 7 Kinds Of Toxic Bosses You Need to Avoid 
 
 
 AARP Writing Samples 
 
 The Shift In Degrees 
 AARP Experience Corps Chicago Hiring RSVP Program Specialist 
 CPS Reading Intervention Program Recruiting Volunteers 
 AARP Ragnar Runs on Real Possibilities 
 Blackberries and Boomers 
 
 
 Chelsea Krost Articles 
 
 6 Tips for Turning a College 'Bro' Into an Office Gentleman 
 Layman's Advice for Dealing With Professional Conflicts 
 One Military Tool for Success and Happiness 
 Five Searching Tips for Your 'Live Alone' Apartment 
 A Quick Election Cheat Sheet 
 Top 5 Self-Care Techniques To Embrace 
 
 
 The Xavierite 
 
 Response: Flat Tax is Just Flat Wrong 
 Penn State Riots Over the Wrong Thing 
 My Home Away From Home: DC 
 Day of Remembrance: Day for the Fans 
 Why is Blink-182 Still Relevant? Nostalgia 
 September 11th's Impact On Me 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Academic Publications 
 
 
 
     
 Teaching Myself To Swim 
 A Blog About Learning What's Next 
 Written by  jakeasaurasrex July 24, 2020August 4, 2020 
 Job Hunt Post 1: Something Brewing 
 Hey there! Welcome! You may have noticed I cleaned up around here. 
 Thanks for noticing! Yes, I've tidied up and reorganized Jakeasaurasrex.com. For years my blog posts were built by trying to tie together the most recent news crisis, my most recent stressor, and whatever I was reading at the moment. Sometimes, it connected my knowledge of political science, history, sociology, to encapsulate a broader theme. 
 I've moved those posts around (don't worry, they are still here) to make room for a series of weekly job hunt posts. 
 Some might say I'm getting on this fairly late, as a fair amount of time has already elapsed and I am not necessarily  starting  a job hunt-this is true. To a degree, you readers are joining as I push my proverbial canoe into the job search waters and begin paddling. But I wish to pull you from the muddied waters and bring you on board for my journey. 
 So, here are updates on what it's like to job hunt nowadays: 
 The first is that every single potential employer will automatically assume that your layoff or gap in employment was due to COVID-19. This will actually be fairly helpful in bolstering your confidence and glossing over a question that can typically cause stuttering and necessitate the memorization of a finely-tuned script. The idea "We are all in this together" is more true in this question than anywhere else. Recruiters understand, hiring managers understand, your friends understand, your mom understands. 
 There's no stigma surrounding job losses due to COVID-19. It appears every industry is struggling, and, even if you, like me, were in a 'recession-proof' industry, no one, especially an employer who may need your services, is judging you for having lost your job. Ripples (to tides) of layoffs have gone from hotels and restaurants to airlines to food manufacturers to tech companies to recruiting firms to music to government to oil and gas companies to some healthcare providers to universities. It's like many workers were tiny grains of sand lying on a blanket, and the crisis came along and shook the blanket, the parabolic motion snapping through the foundation resolutely. The direction in which workers of all types were scattered is unpredictable. 
 The industries that seem to be doing well are directly related to the crisis: insurance companies, food retailers (not production-farmers are burning crops and culling lots of poultry and herds. Factories are operating at beyond 100% capacity, which can be good or bad), large healthcare systems, construction. 
 For me specifically, I am looking at this point as an opportunity, a big space to play in. I've spent time digging into HTML and CSS code a bit, taking on other learning opportunities. I've begun networking, asking complete strangers for help and chatting with friends and former colleagues about their career trajectories. I've been sussing out who is connected to who on LinkedIn. And I've made a list of great places to work. 
 I've been doing all this while keeping the big picture in mind, however unclear that is. And, while I'd typically have a theme, message, or way to tie the current situation into a longer sociological trend or a snippet of history-I am fresh out. I do not have that level of insight just yet. 
 But that's why I'm writing. That's why I am chronicling. Perhaps by the time this is series of posts is done, I can point to XYZ thing and be proud I pulled out the wisdom or properly place this time in history. 
 For those who are financially solvent or whose lives have not yet changed  dramatically  because of COVID-19, I think this time may serve as an interlude to help people focus on exactly what's important, what's matters, while stripping away a bit of excess. I myself am determining to what degree I will let the situation affect me overall. And, of course, I am worried a bit for those who do not have the space for reflection or the cushion to land on that I do. I find myself very fortunate and for that I am grateful. 
 Either way, something noticeable and important is happening. 
 Stay tuned! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  covid-19 ,  job hunting ,  networking ,  Uncategorized . 
 One thought on "Job Hunt Post 1: Something Brewing" 
 
 Marge  says: 
 
 July 24, 2020 at 11:49 am 
 So well said! R a ally enjoyed reading it 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post The Rules of the Pit, Adapted for Life 
 Next Post Job Hunt Post 1b: The Tea, to a Degree 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
