
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: Great Job! 
  April 18, 2012  
 RoboCop: The Future is Born 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 I had never in my 21 years of life ever before seen a RoboCop film. Hearing of how cheesy they look today and how they would insult my CG effects sensibilities, I was hesitant to check out this film on Netflix. My roommate did only the slightest of convincing and we sat down to watch. I was pleasantly surprised. Being hailed as a good film in its time for the issues it brought up and the icon it created, RoboCop can be seen as an overall achievement for all its done. And, right in the vein of claymation/animatronics that I've come to love too. Thank you Hellraiser. 
 RoboCop is the story of a rundown Detroit (as if Detroit didn't already have a bad rap…) in which crime runs rampant. In such a desperate time, Detroit's police force has been bought out by the Omni Consumer Productions Corporation (OCP). Hoping to bring up the efficiency of justice, OCP has created some prototypes to help this along. In error, OCP's senior VP Dick Jones (Ronny Cox) creates a robot that malfunctions and maliciously kills a fellow worker. With this disaster under wraps, it is up to another boardmember, Bob Morton (Miguel Ferrer) and his robotic-cop idea to shine. In this cutthroat world of business, anything goes. (And this is an issue later.) 
 
 The future of policing. 
 Meanwhile, a newcomer to the Detroit scene is hittin' the streets. Alex Murphy (Peter Weller) is a transferred cop out to prove just how good he is. And prove he does. He gets kidnapped by a gang led by a man named Boddicker (Kurtwood Smith). You may recognize him as Red from That 70's Show. I'll always remember him from RoboCop. Anyways, Murphy gets lit up. And I mean shotgunned to death. Arm destroyed, torso torn, shot dead. Animatronics at its most frightening. It was intense to say the least. You can guess where the rest of the movie goes at this point. Murphy is turned into RoboCop and helps clean up the streets. But there's mischief afoot. And some inside guys need to be taken out. 
 
 Peter Weller, you freaky old bastard you. 
 All in all, the acting was sub par in this movie. I didn't recognize many of the actors, although I had seen Miguel Ferrer in something or other. Peter Weller is more of a cult classic actor/T.V. production actor, and completely fell under my radar. You know who didn't? Ray Wise. This best of the B-rated actors is quite high quality in my book. This Tim and Eric returner is the best hug teacher and Shrim disposer out there. Thanks and Great Job! 
 Other than that, not a lot stood out to me in this film. The plot chugged along, the ending could have ended a bit sooner, and I think this is one of those movies which could have a successful remake. And I don't say that often. Some updated acting and an even darker element to this movie would really spice it up as a need to see action movie. Still set it in the 1980's, this movie could benefit from a touch-up. But enough about that. The simple fact that this movie was so successful it created a merchandise franchise. I give props to a film that can create more than a movie from their idea. Good ideas about the crime of America and its economy went into this film, something to be commended on. Let's see a remake soon… maybe. 5.5 out of 10. 
 
 You're in for a world of hurt, Red. 
 1 Comment    |  tags:  1980's ,  Alex Murphy ,  animatronics ,  B-rated actor ,  bad rap ,  Bob Morton ,  Boddicker ,  CG effects ,  cheesy ,  claymation ,  clean up the streets ,  crime ,  crime of America ,  cult classic ,  darker element ,  desperate times ,  Detroit ,  Dick Jones ,  economy ,  future is born ,  good film ,  Great Job! ,  Hellraiser ,  hug teacher ,  icon ,  intense action ,  justice ,  Kurtwood Smith ,  long ending ,  merchandise franchise ,  Miguel Ferrer ,  mischief afoot ,  Netflix ,  OCP ,  Omni Consumer Productions ,  Peter Weller ,  police force ,  prototypes ,  Ray Wise ,  Red ,  remake soon? ,  RoboCop ,  Ronny Cox ,  Senior VP ,  shotgunned to death ,  Shrim ,  sub par ,  successful remake ,  That 70's Show ,  Tim and Eric ,  touch-up ,  TV movie ,  world of business  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
