  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Chester, England 
 Rate:  £23.00 - £23.69 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Community Psychiatric Nurse 
 I am currently recruiting a Community Psychiatric Nurse in Cheshire. 
 The successful candidate will work within an Adult Mental Health Team providing high quality care and support, assessments, diagnosis and treatment to people with severe and complex mental health conditions in a community setting. 
 The position is a full time, 37.5 hours per week Monday to Friday for an initial 13-week period. 
 The position is paying £23.69ph (Umbrella Ltd). 
 The Adult Community Mental Health Team provides a range of support to service users aged 16-65 with mental health problems, including complex symptoms of depression, anxiety, complex psychological difficulties including personality disorder and complex psychosocial needs. 
 The successful candidate will be part of a multi-disciplinary service that consists of team managers, Community Psychiatric Nurses, Mental Health Social Workers, Occupational Therapists, Community Support Workers, Admin Support, Secondary Care Psychological Therapies and Consultant Psychiatrists. 
 The successful candidate will be a Qualified Mental Health Nurse currently registered with the NMC and have recent experience working within a Community Mental Health Team. 
 At Service Care Solutions, we recognise increasing pressures on care staff, both work-based and financial, and want to help ease that burden. 
 We want to reward all Nurses starting their journey with SCS. 
 Once you have completed your registration with Service Care and secured a placement, we will pay you £150. 
 Furthermore, we actively encourage candidates to refer friends or colleagues for work. 
 A referral bonus of £250 
 
 will be paid on successful placement. 
 
 Service Care Solutions offers a specialist, dedicated consultant offering single point of contact. 
 Service Care Solutions will cover the total cost of your compliance during the registration process. 
 This includes Vaccinations, Occupational Health Certificates, DBS Certificates and Training. 
 You will receive a £250 annual training allowance including online CPD training and renewals. 
 You have both Ltd and PAYE payment options available on weekly payroll service. 
 Interested? Please send an updated CV with relevant experience along with your telephone number to carly.harrison@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 Months+ 
 
 
 Rate:  £23.00 - £23.69 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Chester, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-03 14:26:52 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
