
 About Sarah Lynn 
 Upcoming Events 
 
 Teacher to Teacher: Creative Ideas for Teaching ESOL 
 ~ Sponsored by Pearson ELT 
 Search: 
 Delegating Responsibility: Classroom Jobs 
 [ 
 02   Monday  Jan 2012 
 ](https://teachertwoteacher.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/delegating-responsibility-classroom-jobs/) 
 Posted  by  Sarah Lynn  in  Learning Skills ,  Multilevel Teaching 
 ≈  1 Comment 
 Tags 
 Best Practices ,  Self-directed Learning 
 As you plan for the new school year, consider setting up a system of classroom jobs for students. The benefits are plentiful. By taking on specific responsibilities for their classroom, students practice new skills in communication and leadership. They also develop a strong sense of co-responsibility for their learning community and they usually improve their attendance. 
 A List of Possible Classroom Jobs: 
 Technology Assistant 
 
 Cues the audio on the CD player. 
 Sets up the Overhead or LCD Projector. 
 Starts up the computers when needed. 
 
 Materials Assistant 
 
 Hands out papers, cards, pens, pencils, and other learning materials as needed. 
 Collects the materials at the end of an activity. 
 
 Board Assista  nt 
 
 Writes the date on the board 
 Copies school announcements on the board. 
 Erases the board when asked. 
 
 Attendance Assistant 
 
 Takes roll-call every class. 
 Delivers the attendance list to the proper mailbox. 
 
 Welcome Committee 
 Two or three students welcome new students to the class and bring them up to speed on class routines and expectations. This is an ongoing job throughout the term. 
 Study Buddies 
 Everyone can be paired with a classmate to be study buddies. Study buddies: 
 
 communicate homework assignments when one buddy is absent. 
 compare their homework assignments when completed. 
 work together to organize their papers or notebooks. 
 review (and complete) class notes together. 
 
 Practical Questions: 
 How many jobs do I assign?  I introduce one job a week so the class has some time to understand what each job entails. I limit the total to  three  or  four  jobs so it is not too confusing who is responsible for what. 
 **** How often do students rotate?  Since my classes meet twice a week throughout the school year, I rotate the jobs on a monthly basis so students get enough time to learn their jobs well and experience a couple of skill sets. **** 
 How do I train them?  As I introduce the job, I tell the whole class about the job, explaining its duties and supplying a list of phrases and questions useful in performing the job. Then as students rotate, they train one another in the job duties. **** 
 Do students volunteer or get assigned?  The most timid students get first dibs on which job they prefer, but in the end everyone holds a job. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 1 thought on "Delegating Responsibility: Classroom Jobs" 
 
 Pingback:  Sarah Lynn: Delegating Responsibility: Classroom Jobs | English Teaching Daily 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Categories 
 
 Brain-based Learning 
 Collaborative Learning 
 Grammar for Literacy Learners 
 Learning Skills 
 Listening and Speaking 
 Multilevel Teaching 
 Organizing Tips 
 Reading and Writing 
 Uncategorized 
 Vocabulary 
 
 Tags 
 21st Century Skills   Best Practices   Brain-based Teaching   Differentiating Instruction   Goal Setting   Group Work   Learning Routines   Learning Styles   Low-level ESOL   Meta-cognitive Strategies   Multi-sensory Teaching   Pronunciation   Self-assessment Activities   Self-directed Learning   Spelling   Study Skills   Warm-up Activities   Workplace Skills 
 Follow Teacher to Teacher: Creative Ideas for Teaching ESOL on WordPress.com 
 Blogroll 
 
 Adult ESOL Blog by Robert Sheppard 
 Future: English For Results 
 Learning to Think, Learning to Learn: What The Science Of Thinking And Learning Has To Offer Adult Education 
 NCSALL Focus on Basics 
 Pearson ELT USA 
 Project Success: Multimedia ESOL Series, Pearson ELT 
 
 Brain-based Learning 
 
 Bjork Learning and Forgetting Lab 
 How to Use Retrieval Practice to Improve Learning 
 
 Low-level ESOL 
 
 Learning to Think, Learning to Learn: What The Science Of Thinking And Learning Has To Offer Adult Education 
 Self-regulated strategy development 
 
 Metacognitive Strategies 
 
 Bjork Learning and Forgetting Lab 
 Learning to Think, Learning to Learn: What The Science Of Thinking And Learning Has To Offer Adult Education 
 Self-regulated strategy development 
 
 Multilevel Teaching 
 
 Teaching in the Multi-level Classroom 
 
 Persistence 
 
 World Education: Adult Learner Persistence 
 
 Self-directed Learning 
 
 Learning to Think, Learning to Learn: What The Science Of Thinking And Learning Has To Offer Adult Education 
 Self-regulated strategy development 
 
 Follow the Teacher 2 Teacher Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 Adult ESOL Blog by Robert Sheppard 
 Future: English For Results 
 Learning to Think, Learning to Learn: What The Science Of Thinking And Learning Has To Offer Adult Education 
 NCSALL Focus on Basics 
 Pearson ELT USA 
 Project Success: Multimedia ESOL Series, Pearson ELT 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
