Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative (Motivator) - Fort Saskatchewan Southpointe Centre 
 GoodLife Fitness 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Position Description 
 CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE (MOTIVATOR) 
 What is a Customer Service Representative (Motivator)? 
 We call our Customer Service Representatives ‘Motivators’ because their passion lies in supporting our members to make a positive change. Motivators are the face of GoodLife Fitness, and as such are the driving force behind our renowned member experience. Our Motivators deliver high quality experiences and are considered the information source for all members and prospective members. 
 What will you be doing? 
 Create a positive and non-judgmental environment where you can motivate and inspire every member to meet their fitness goals 
Meet our members needs when they arrive, while they work out and when they leave 
Sharing your passion and positive attitude to make our members day 
Take part in our commitment to create a clean and member focused club environment 
Handle member questions and concerns with respect and professionalism 
Share your knowledge of our amazing classes, programs and services and book appointments to accommodate member’s needs 
 Do you have what it takes? 
 Naturally positive and caring individuals who are excited to motivate and inspire others 
Passionate about fitness! 
Comprehensive understanding of what it means to go ‘above and beyond’ for club and team members 
Strong multi-tasking, communication and problem solving skills 
Flexible and dependable 
Ability to work (and think) on your feet for long periods of time 
High School diploma, or working on completion 
CPR certification required within 3 months of employment 
 What’s in it for you? 
 Making connections with members and staff and being a valuable asset to your club and team 
Putting smiles on faces and being part of a positive and fun environment 
Ongoing training and development with career growth opportunities 
rewards through monthly incentives and contests 
FREE Fitness membership and perks! 
 At GoodLife Fitness, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and members feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. We are committed to meeting the accessibility needs of persons with disabilities in a manner that respects their dignity and that is equitable. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
