Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 DIETARY AIDE (Casual) – Extendicare Lakefield 
 Extendicare 
 __Lakefield, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Candidates are invited to apply for the casual Dietary Aide position to work at our Extendicare Lakefield facility, a 100-bed long-term care home, located in Lakefield, Ontario. 
 Reporting to the Dietary Manager, the Dietary Aide assists with food preparation and serving of meals. Cleans eating, cooking, storage, and serving areas, as well as equipment. Follows established policies, procedures and standards. 
 APPLICANTS MUST BE AVAILABLE FOR ON-CALL SHIFTS, WEEKENDS AND STATUTORY HOLIDAYS 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Serves food to residents according to individual diets and preferences. Observes time limits for meal serving. Maintains foods at proper serving temperature. 
Assists Cooks to clean and prepare such uncooked food as salads, vegetables and fruits. Follows basic instructions in preparing such simple foods as breakfast items, basic desserts and garnishes. 
Clears plates and trays, loads and operates dishwasher. Cleans pots, pans and cooking utensils as per procedure. 
Participates in proper storage and labeling of dietary supplies and food, including leftovers. 
Adheres to established departmental policies, procedures regarding quality assurance, fire, safety, environment, and infection control. 
Assembles nourishment carts. Stocks unit kitchenettes. 
Participates in facility meetings as assigned. Attends in-service education programs. 
Other duties as assigned by Supervisor. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Successful completion and/or enrollment in a Food Service Worker Program meeting the requirements of the Ontario Long-Term Care Homes Act required. If enrolled, must complete program within three (3) years of hire date. 
Current Food Handler`s Certificate 
Previous dietary experience preferred in LTC Home 0-1 year(s). 
Must be able to stand for long periods of time 
Ability to read and write English as well as to understand simple verbal and written instructions in English. 
Ability to work safely, following established safety practices and procedures. 
Must be able to do moderate to heavy lifting 
Successful candidate must be available to work days, evenings, weekends, and statutory holidays 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
