__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Cynthia Mills: Certified Master Coach, FASAE, CAE, CPC, CCRC 
 Executive, Career, & Life Coaching 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 First and foremost, clients will have a safe place to be themselves and explore whatever professional, career, or personal areas that they choose to focus upon with a partnering champion for their development and breakthroughs. They will experience a supportive, caring, and seasoned coach, association professional, and business leader with whom to work. Coachees will benefit to the extent that they choose to execute on the outcomes that arise from our work together. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 Promotions, improved relationships, improved sense of self-worth, and a feeling of being focused and headed in the right direction. 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 "Cynthia is a seasoned association executive whose wise counsel and thoughtful insights have proven vital to my own professional development. As a coach, peer and mentor, she has had a profound impact on my growth as a leader. She creates a comfortable, safe, nurturing environment for candid dialogue, problem solving and thought-provoking discussion. She is a trustworthy confidante, sounding board and solutions provider who really knows her stuff!" 
 Angela Cain, CEO CoreNet Global 
 "Cynthia's brainstorming, mentoring, and counsel have proven invaluable in seeing me through an anxious transition period and helping me prepare myself for my next opportunity. She's great at asking simple questions to help frame and focus on issues, as well as at providing great feedback and encouragement. I'll continue to enjoy and benefit from our coaching relationship moving forward." 
 Scott Brunner, CEO, GA Pharmacy Association 
 "We recently developed a new Leadership Program at the American Traffic Safety Services Association (ATSSA). A key component is preparing the "next gen" of our members to guide the association in the future, while at the same time giving them useful skills to use back in their own businesses. We saw this as a key benefit in order to get a company to commit to the $2,500 registration fee, plus travel expenses. We wanted to add a coaching component as a way to continue an individual's leadership growth following the conclusion of the formal program. Cynthia was a natural choice. She connects well with people and her experience as a CEO enables her to quickly understand where we are going from an association perspective. I recommend her to any of my association colleagues without hesitation." 
 Roger Wentz, President & CEO, ATTSA 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 Coaching is a partnership for professionals, who seek a safe haven to explore, vent, test, innovate, and take off their masks in order to create personal and professional breakthroughs. The coachee is always in control of session content identification, and it is their responsibility to determine what actions to take and whether, or when, to move forward. The coach's role is one of assisting on the journey to discovery, creation of options for consideration, illumination, and support through powerful questions, inquiry, challenging of actions taken/not taken, and accountability. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 
 My coaching strengths include the ability to form a quick bond with clients that creates trust; allowing the client to open-up and begin receiving benefit from coaching sessions immediately. 
 I have strong listening skills that uncover issues that are not initially communicated and an ability to integrate executive, career, and life coaching so the coachee can bring their full self to a session; receiving support regardless of what has come up in their lives professionally or personally. 
 My reputation for transformational work with boards and staff, along with the breadth of background and experience make me relatable and credible to the client. 
 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 
 Association CEOs and executives 
 Boards of Directors 
 Corporate executives and business owners 
 Executive/Leadership/Management Teams 
 Developing professionals and young leaders 
 Transitioning professionals (new careers, new CEOs/executives, promotions, retirement) 
 
 What is your professional background? 
 With over 20 years as an association CEO running 501(c)3, 4, and 6 international, national, regional organizations, I have a breadth of understanding of the association profession and business that enables me to partner well with developing and seasoned association professionals, business owners and leaders. 
 My experience includes running for-profit subsidiaries, national and state PACs, foundations, and insurance entities. As a Fellow of the profession, CAE, and with 3 coaching certifications, I continue to invest in keeping current to match the speed with which our profession and the business environment is accelerating. I have served the association profession on the ASAE Executive Committee and Board, ASAE Business Services, Inc. Board, and was GSAE's President. I have also received recognition from the association profession and been awarded the Chairman's award twice by one of the associations she served, and I am a member of ASAE, GSAE, AENC, and ICF. 
 I am the Founder, President & CEO of The Leaders' Haven, an international executive coaching, speaking/facilitation and consulting firm. My first coaching book was published in 2015. I am also a Senior Associate with Tecker International. For further information, please refer to  www.theleadershaven.com  or [www.linkedin.com/in/leadershavencoach/ 
 Ready To Get Started With Cynthia? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website.   
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018)  Back to top __ 
