Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Drop Box Attendant- Parkhill 
 Diabetes Canada 
 __Parkhill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Parkhill, ON N0M 2K0, Canada Req #214 
Sunday, December 6, 2020 
 WANTED Independent Contractor for Recycled Textile Collection 
 Are you looking to make extra income? Be your own Boss? Would you like flexible hours? 
 What you will do: 
Collecting and storing recycled textiles and small household items from Diabetes Canada donation bins that are placed in the community. 
 Who are you? 
 Someone who likes to work independently, work flexible hours during the week, and earn extra income. 
 Duties include: 
 
 Empty donation bins on a regular basis (scheduled provided) 
 Bag loose items as required (bags supplied) 
 Ensure cleanliness around the donation boxes 
 Complete weekly service log sheets 
 Transport goods to storage facility when required (storage supplied) 
 Meet Diabetes Canada Driver to load goods on truck 
 
 Skills and Requirements: 
 
 Only applicants who operate/own a large vehicle such as a van, cube van or pick-up truck will be considered 
 Must have a valid Driver’s license 
 Able to lift up to 50 lbs. on a regular basis 
 Must have or be willing to get an HST # which is free, and we will help you obtain 
 You could be eligible for CRA deductions such as vehicle, gas, maintenance and technology 
 
 Hours: 
 
 Contract position so hours are part time and flexible. 
 compensation varies depending on volume of donations collected and stored 
 
 Through our National Diabetes Trust operations, we divert more than 48 million kilograms of clothing and household items from landfills. One hundred per cent of net proceeds directly supports Diabetes Canada and helps send more than 2,400 children and youth with type 1 diabetes to Diabetes Canada's D-Camps. Additionally, we raise funds for world-leading diabetes research, education, and advocacy. 
 As a contractor, you are part of our national coverage in 2,500 communities. Earn income while making a difference raising money for life altering charitable programs, all while helping the environment. Currently we have close to 200 contractors across Canada and are growing. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
