Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Commercial Maintenance Account Manager 
 Oshawa Home Hardware 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Account Manager (AM) is responsible for prospecting and closing new business and management of all customers in the assigned territory. The AM serves as the primary contact for the decision-makers and leads the sales process. Responsible for entering customer orders; responsible to continually update product knowledge and selling skills in order to provide professional service for customer base and to attend training courses; work with vendor representatives as determined by management. Provide written programs and demos as necessary for the specific needs of customers. Work with standard procedures to offer input for customer bids and quotations as required. Install and maintain dispensing systems as necessary when requested by management. 
 Primary Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Responsible for prospecting and closing new business and management of all customers in the assigned territory. 
 Serves as the primary contact for the decision-makers and leads the sales process. 
 Responsible for daily input of customer orders; responsible to continually update product knowledge and selling skills in order to provide professional service for customer base and to attend training courses; work with vendor representatives as determined by management. 
 Provide written programs and demos as necessary for the specific needs of customers. 
 Responsible for ensuring correct pricing has been provided to customer 
 Work with the Dealer/Owner to offer input for customer bids and quotations as required. 
 Install and maintain dispensing systems as necessary when requested by management. 
 Completion of required reporting assignments 
 Any other duties assigned. 
 
 Ideal Experience/Skills will include: 
 
 5+ years’ experience with outside sales 
 Post-secondary degree/diploma 
 A valid driver’s licence 
 Requires the ability to communicate effectively using speech, vision and hearing. 
 Ability to work in above average stressful environment(s) 
 Local travel required 
 Basic computer skills required (Microsoft Office) 
 Financial and analytical skills necessary to provide quotes to customers 
 Interpersonal skills required to deal with staff members and customers 
 Above average product knowledge 
 B2B sales experience is an asset 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer offering a competitive compensation program (base wage commission potential), as well as opportunities for growth and personal development. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
