Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Library Director (2 positions) 
 Posted on  November 26, 2014  by   sarahgprescott 
 Job:  Library Director  (2 positions) 
Ross University, St. Kitts & Portsmouth, Dominica 
 Sarah P 's comments : Both of these  positions  were originally advertised in September. The school in St. Kitts is for veterinarians and the one in Dominica for doctors. As I said in another post, there have been seven medical librarian positions in the Caribbean posted this year. It's the time to apply if you have experience and want to go this area of the world. 
 Director of Library Services (two openings - St. Kitts and Dominica) 
 Ross University is seeking a Director of Library Services for each of their Caribbean campuses: School of Veterinary Medicine (RUSVM) located on the island of St. Kitts and Ross University School of Medicine (RUSM) located on the island of Dominica.The Director will be responsible for library operations. Responsibilities include: establishing and meeting goals/objectives for the future of the library as an information center, ensuring goals are aligned with the goals of the institution. Broadly, this includes determining what services are needed, how to provide them, and how to support them.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Direct the affairs of the library with service to students, faculty, and staff as the top priority. Oversee planning and organization, policy creation and implementation, provision and updating of information resources, instruction in the use of library resources, and library staff training/development. Ensure the library runs smoothly; the necessary resources are available and properly organized; students and staff know how to use the resources; library policies reflect the best interests of the students and staff; and the facility is clean, comfortable and conducive to research/studying. 
 Qualifications: 
 An MLS from an ALA-accredited library school is required; a PhD in Library Sciences is  highly  preferred; 5+ years of administrative experience in an academic medical library, including supervisory experience; thorough knowledge and experience with medical library practices and procedures and excellent prioritization skills. Qualified candidates will possess strong service orientation and excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to plan and evaluate library services and knowledge of emerging trends in library and information fields. The selected candidate will have the ability and experience to manage support services for academic and research environment with customers that include students, faculty and researchers. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Caribbean ,  Dominica ,  International Colleges ,  International Jobs ,  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  International Medical Librarians ,  International Medical Libraries ,  St. Kitts  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
