Skip to content 
 
 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review 
 Start your career in film or theater production right 
 
 My Done-for-you Service 
 Find Work in Film 
 A Job in Theater 
 Career Advice 
 Film and Theater Jobs 
 Film Reviews 
 Books and resources 
 Interviews 
 Testimonials 
 Creativity Blast 
 Production Sound Mixer 
 About Me and Press 
 
 Press Kit 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 Work in Production Blog 
 How to Prepare for your Job Interview 
 July 11, 2019  RobynC 
 
 Research the company and individuals 
 
 It's very important to know the company and the people already working on the project. I've  written a post  before with tips for doing this research, and honestly it would have been good to do so before submitting your resume. But in any event, go over your research before the interview, especially if you have a bunch of other applications in process. 
 Check the social media profiles (Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram) of the company and the principle individuals, look at their IMDb pages, and check for any news. 
 This research will ensure that you present yourself as fitting in with the company culture, and can prepare a few intelligent questions. My experience has been that hirers for gigs do give a lot of information at the start of the interview, and it is fully OK to take notes about start dates, the project itself, and where the shoot will be occurring, or in the case of company jobs, about the kind of work they are doing at the time. 
 Your research will also help you if the interviewer asks process questions - hypothetical "what would you do?" scenarios. Your research will help you understand your hirer's needs. 
 2. Write and practice answers to the most common questions 
 There is a good chance that you will be asked some of the very typical questions, with the most likely question being "Tell me about yourself". 
 Definitely have that answer prepared - an extended version of your elevator pitch. Stay focused on your professional history and what you will bring to the job. Avoid getting into a bunch of personal stuff - this is not the time to talk about how many kids you have, or how long you have been married (unless they also know your spouse. My husband is in the business, so people often know his work too. And even then, it's not something I would lead with or emphasize.) 
 The very first thing you should say is who referred you to the job and how you know them. 
 
 _If that person is with the company or on that project, by all means, let them know when you will be in the office for your interview. There is nothing better than having someone pop their head in and say, "Oh she's great at her job!" or being seen greeting a person. _ 
 
 Although I have never been asked this in a gig interview, for listed/staff jobs you should prepare an answer for whatever variation of the "What is your greatest weakness?" question. The function of this question is not to look for an excuse to not hire you. It is to see if you are self-aware, realistic, oriented towards growth and self-development, and take responsibility for yourself. They want to see if you can learn from your errors, which is a positive skill. 
 The way to frame the answer should be  " What I would most like to improve on is…"  whatever skill. Or you can say that in the past you  " have been challenged by…" . In either case, always continue with the specific strategies and actions you have been and are continuing to take to mitigate the negative aspect and say how you have already improved. (No humble brags!) 
 The great thing about this question is you get to choose your weakness! It should be something related but peripheral to the job - that is not the main or key skill required. 
 The rubric works like this: 
 "In the past, I have been challenged by [this fault]. It was a problem at work because [reason]. I realized that I needed to [improve this skill/take some steps/stop allowing this to hold me back] so I [took these actions or steps]. The result has been that [a positive improvement at work]. It's still not my favorite part of the job, but I am continuing to work on it, and overall [another general improvement in your skills.] " 
 For example: 
 "In the past I have been challenged by a fear of speaking in public. It was a problem at work, because part of the job was making presentations to groups of department heads as well as clients. I would get so nervous, I would get tongue tied and flustered. I realized I needed to improve my confidence so I joined a speaker's group at the community college, and learned some techniques for calmness. I also learned how to practice at home with just my family. The result has been that I am a lot better at making presentations. It's still not my favorite part of the job, but I'm still going to the group, and recently a campaign concept I presented was chosen by the clients, who said I made the ideas very clear." 
 Finally, a great question to ask yourself, which often helps you come up with more ideas is  " What would my last boss say about me?" 
 3. Make practical preparations the night before 
 
 Print some extra copies of your resume 
 If applicable - make sure your portfolio is in order and that you have something to leave with them, like a data card with key images 
 Collect your business cards and have them easily accessible 
 Prep your small notebook and working pen 
 Make sure your clothes are planned and laid out - neat, clean, and appropriate for the job and company. Be very cautious about wearing movie tee shirts. 
 Double check the address and the route, and plan to leave extra early. It's better to have to wait in a coffee shop nearby for half an hour, than risk being late. 
 Prepare a note card, and stamped and addressed envelope, ready to write your thank you note and mail it immediately you leave the interview. You can go back to the coffee shop to write it. 
 
 Image by  Public Co  from  Pixabay 
 What about prepping for a video interview? 
 As well as the preparations already mentioned - with the exception of printing resume copies - you should also tidy and clear your background, check the lighting and close windows. Still get dressed down to your shoes - it changes how you carry yourself and improves your demeanor. Let your roommates or family know in advance what you will be doing and hopefully ensure that there is quiet and calm in your environment.  Here's a post  about it. (Scroll down.) 
 Good luck with your job search. Please sign up to my list and get a free five-part email course to guide you in writing your own ATS compliant resume. 
 Share this: 
 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Career Advice  Filed under:  job interviews ,  research 
 Post navigation 
 <- Caution - Watch out for Tables 
 Interview: Producer/Director Emily Aguilar -> 
 Sign up for a FREE five part Step-by-Step mini-course - Write your ATS optimized Resume 
 Subscribe. Get neat stuff. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email Format 
 
 html 
 text 
 
 Find what you're looking for 
 Search for: 
 Find Work In Film Blog 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era  January 6, 2021 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume  October 22, 2020 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures?  October 3, 2020 
 Resource Round-Up  August 7, 2020 
 Safety guidelines for filming released  June 7, 2020 
 Interview - Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo  June 4, 2020 
 Job Hunting in tough times  May 5, 2020 
 
 Contact Me by Email - it's fastest this way 
 
 Find Jobs with Jooble 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
   More Free Info & Tips 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures? 
 Resource Round-Up 
 Safety guidelines for filming released 
 Interview – Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo 
 Job Hunting in tough times 
 How to answer Process Questions 
 Where to find information about Pay Rates 
 Getting started as a Writer 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Copyright (C) 2021 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review -- Uptown Style WordPress theme by  GoDaddy 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
