
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 10 Benefits of Temp or Contract Jobs   
 Professional Development 
 
 The job search can be brutal – depending on how long it takes you to find work and the number of rejections, you may be feeling disappointed and unsure of yourself, not to mention the potential financial burdens you’re facing. Instead of spending these months in despair, it might be time to consider the  benefits of temporary or contract work . 
 
 1. Make money 
 Obviously, this is a top benefit because, without a steady income, you’ll probably want something in the downtime. 
 2. Try new jobs 
 Even if you have a set career path, working in a temporary or contract capacity gives you the opportunity to try something new. 
 3. Make yourself more marketable 
 The more experience you have, the more skills you have to offer. Plus, working in a variety of office cultures helps you learn how to navigate and thrive at different companies. 
 4. Expand your network 
 When you’re working in these temporary roles, you’ll meet several new colleagues and managers to add to your network and potentially be the key to finding your next full-time job. 
 5. Try new companies 
 Instead of being stuck with one employer who may or may not be a good fit, you can try out different environments to determine which setting works best for you. 
 **** 6. Improve your mood 
 Sitting around all day, worrying about getting a job can leave you depressed. By doing something proactive like working, even if it’s not in your dream role, can keep your spirits higher. 
 **** 7. Increase your chances of getting hired 
 Having a job makes it easier to get a job, so open your opportunities with a temporary role. 
 8. Find a new direction 
 Even if you think you know what you want to do, you may feel differently after a specific temp job. Ultimately, it can set you on a better path and leave you from years spent in a job you don’t love. 
 9. Grow your knowledge 
 Even if it’s a different field, you’ll still grow as a professional in different roles and be a better, more well-rounded employee in the future. 
 10. Get a job offer 
 The best thing about a temp or contract position is it may result in a full-time job offer! Show up, do your best, and the employer will notice. 
 Make the job search easier with Workbox Staffing 
 Jumpstart your job search and partner with Workbox Staffing. We’re changing expectations because we take the time to pair you with a personalized career coach and make sure we’re matching you with the right role for you.  Call or stop into any of our locations  to begin your partnership today! 
 
 October 27, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Advantages of Contract Job ,  Benefits of Contract Job ,  Fixed Term Contract Advantages and Disadvantages ,  Staffing Agencies Muskegon MI ,  Temp Services In Muskegon MI ,  Temp to Perm Pros and Cons 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/10-Benefits-of-Temp-or-Contract-Jobs.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-10-27 11:00:342019-10-23 09:35:5110 Benefits of Temp or Contract Jobs 
 You might also like 
   4 Ways to Survive the Night Shift   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  Are Your Employees Stressed? Here Are 5 Helpful Tips to Avoid Burnout   How to Excel in an Assembler Job: What Skills Should You Have?  
 Scroll to top 
