Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty Position, Division of Pediatric Genetics 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Pediatrics at McMaster University and McMaster Children’s Hospital are seeking one full-time academic metabolic genetics physician to join the Division of Genetics and Metabolics. The successful candidate will be considered a clinician educator and will be expected to share responsibility for education and research, as well as comprehensive clinical metabolic genetics services. The McMaster Children’s Hospital and Hamilton Health Sciences Centre serves as a referral centre for the regions of Waterloo-Wellington and Hamilton-Niagara-Haldimand-Brant (LHIN's 3 and 4) serving a community of 2.4 million people, with the most rapidly growing pediatric population in Ontario. 
 McMaster University is internationally recognized for innovation in medical education and for pioneering biomedical, epidemiological and health systems research. We offer a collegial atmosphere, a unique academic environment, a comprehensive array of diagnostic and research laboratories, many research opportunities and the opportunity to work in a growing academic department with enthusiastic colleagues. 
 Applicants must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the Province of Ontario and should be certified (or eligible for certification) in an applicable specialty by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, with additional sub-specialization in metabolics. Examples of acceptable credentials include FRCP(C) in Medical Genetics and Genomics with extensive experience in metabolics / biochemical genetics, and FRCP(C) in Pediatrics with formal training and certification in Clinical Biochemical Genetics by the Canadian College of Medical Geneticists, or equivalent. 
 The academic appointment and salary will be commensurate with the experience and expertise of the applicant. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada - or - No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 For more information on the Department of Pediatrics, visit www.fhs.mcmaster.ca/pediatrics. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the positions are filled. 
 How To Apply 
 Angelo Mikrogianakis, Chair 
 c/o Elizabeth Fonseca, Academic Coordinator 
 Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University 
 Phone:  905-521-2100 ext. 76646 
 1280 Main Street W., HSC-3A 
 Fax:  905-570-8967 
 Hamilton, ON L8N 3Z5 
 Email:  pedsprt@mcmaster.ca 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
