Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 General Labourer 
 Mirmil Products 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 We are an architectural millwork company located in Trenton. We are looking to expand our team and want to find candidates who have a passion for woodwork and architectural millwork! 
 Job Overview: 
 General labourers perform a variety of tasks on the shop floor. Tasks that require little skill can be learned quickly; other tasks require considerable experience or training. 
 Job Duties: 
 The job duties of a general labourer vary. They may include, but are not limited to; 
 
 Loading and unloading trucks 
 Handling and moving materials throughout the warehouse 
 Sanding wood products 
 Using a variety of tools and machines 
 Cleaning the shop floor 
 Assisting production workers with day to day tasks 
 
 Requirements: 
 General labourers must have physical strength and hand-eye-coordination. Labourers must also be able to concentrate on their tasks. The ability to understand and communicate information is also essential. Some tools and machines are computerized, requiring technical knowledge. 
 There are no minimum educational requirements to be a general labourer, but labourers who have specialized skills have the best opportunities. Knowing how to read an imperial tape measure and operate hand and power tools are considered an asset. 
 High school classes in general shop, welding, mechanical drawing, blueprint reading, physics, and mathematics are helpful. 
 General labourers have lots of opportunity to move throughout the shop and gain knowledge in all areas to make them successful in their position, and potentially start a career in architectural millwork. 
 Wage: $14.25/hour. $15.00/hour after 3-month probationary period. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.25-$15.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 Location: 
 
 Trenton, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
