Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Finance Ops Officer II 
 TD Bank 
 __Dieppe, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Job Description 
 This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of TD's Finance organization. Reporting to the Team Leader, the position is a key member of the Accounts Payable Operations department with responsibility for performing a range of day-to-day general accounting operations or finance reporting operations activities. 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Member of a high performing team of finance professionals responsible to perform general accounting and finance reporting functions, which may include: 
 Invoice review, validation and data entry 
 Payment processing 
 Clearing and reconciliation of AP accounts, resolution of discrepancies 
 Gathering of manual and system generated data 
 Supporting key stakeholders for reporting needs and requirements 
 Execute existing process controls 
 Deliver quality service; achieve performance goals such as SLAs and KPIs, in a transformative and changing environment 
 Identify operational problems and escalates issues as required 
 Strive for operational excellence and participate in ongoing process improvements 
 Understand and learn about emerging issues, trends, and regulatory requirements 
 Maintain knowledge of the processes 
 Contribute to a positive team environment 
 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Finance Operations 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Finance / Accounting 
 Job Category(s) 
 Finance / Accounting 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Business Line 
 TD Canada Trust 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Dieppe 
 Work Location 
 43 Champlain Street (477 Paul St.) 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
