Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 List of jobfairs, and why visiting them is not a waste of time! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Hello all, 
 It's that time of the year that those are graduating this year are starting to put out feelers as to what job opportunities are around and how to go about it to get those jobs. 
 I found this list of  Graduate job fairs : Graduate Job Fairs Ireland 
 I read an interesting article the other day called :  25 Reasons Job Fairs are not a waste of time. 
 It's an Israeli based blog called  Jobmob , that has lot's of other interesting resources related to finding a job and I'd recommend you subscribe to their newsletters/blogposts. 
 There is another fair happening on the 10th of March, called  Bilingual People - 10th of March, Croke Park  
As the name of the Job fair says , it's about bilingual people ( or better even multilinguals), so if you are studying languages and are keen to use them in your future job, I'd recommend you go to that job fair. 
 Regards, 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,444 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
