
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Giddy is looking for an Art Director  in Austin, TX, USA. Not an ?????? Art Director  but the kind of Art Director  that makes other Art Director s question their Art Director -ness. 
 About 
 At Giddy we’re changing the way men and their partners think about, and improve, their sexual health and wellness. We entered an established industry that at times mandates conventional norms, and have no plans of adhering to them. The device we created to treat ED, called Eddie, is the most innovative wearable treatment in history. Simultaneously, we look to educate, and inspire, and destroy stigmas associated with ED, sexual performance, and any others that stand in the way of a happier, fulfilling (sex) life. 
 In addition to our product we are launching a separate sexual health & wellness media publishing platform. 
 Can you redefine the typical, tackling stigmas that cut to the core of human experience? Can you work within strict federal (***medical?***) regulations? 
 We’re in a sex tech, sex health, and medical device industry, so knowing your limitations, and how to turn them into strengths, is paramount. Bringing erectile dysfunction out of the bedroom and into the forefront, showing how better living and technology can address a problem more universal than most care to admit, is changing lives every day. 
 We’re not interested in the “what if,” just the how. We’re here to push the conversation forward and want someone with the creative vocabulary capable to do it. 
 As a full-time Art Director, you are responsible for the company’s ideation in collaboration with the CD and design team to deliver big, fame-generating conceptual thinking that pushes boundaries but is ultimately sellable. 
 You are a skilled creative, a visionary strategist, a gifted storyteller, with the ability to concept creative ideas with brand objectives and target the consumer in mind. 
 This is a challenge to deliver on but one with such great potential to create ground breaking work. 
 We are a laid back focused group of ninjas wanting to make our mark in the space. 
 NOT A REMOTE POSITION MUST BE AT OUR OFFICES IN AUSTIN 
 START ASAP ( let us know your present work commitments ) 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7579-giddy-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Brand Strategy, Cat Herding, Creative Direction, Creative Research, Creative Strategy 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 (Originally posted October 21, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Philippe McClelland 
 Perks 
 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Profit sharing 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
