Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Supervisor 
 Ottawa Senators Hockey Club 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview 
 All team members of Senators Sports & Entertainment are held accountable for creating raving fans. 
 Reporting to the Operations Superintendent, the Bell Sensplex (“BSP”) Operations Supervisor is a key member of our team, ensuring the highest levels of customer service and quality maintenance at our world class facility. As an experienced supervisor, you will provide guidance and leadership to a team of facility operators whose collective goal is to provide an exceptional customer experience while ensuring a safe environment for patrons and workers alike. 
 Responsibilities 
 Essential Raving Fans Responsibilities and Accountabilities 
Seeks ways to enhance the fan experience in unexpected ways. 
Empowered to say YES, creating raving fans of Senators Sports & Entertainment. 
Knows and lives SSE’s mission every day through service, teamwork, continuous improvement, change, and fun. 
Obsessed with client satisfaction, asking, “How can I exceed your expectations today?” 
Maintains consistency in attitude and behaviour, exceeding expectations. 
Works to make a specific impression on our clients. That impression is that of someone who is Wowed, Overly Satisfied and a Raving Fan. 
Approaches all tasks with a “can-do” attitude, understanding that there is no other kind of attitude. 
Notices and accurately interprets what clients are feeling, based on their words, tone of voice, expressions, and other nonverbal behaviour. 
Takes a personal interest in clients by asking about their concerns, interests, family, hobbies, etc. to develop relationships. 
Presents a cheerful, positive manner. 
Takes ownership and sees the client’s need through from beginning to end. 
Exercises appropriate judgment in handling client situations. 
Responds in a positive manner with alternative solutions when a client’s initial request is not possible. 
Shows initiative and takes action with an appropriate level of independence. 
 Ongoing 
Responsible to manage facility operations and custodial staff to ensure building objectives are met to the highest possible standards. 
Responsible for the daily operation and maintenance of the facility and all systems. This includes, HVAC, sound, lighting, ice making and maintenance, fire protection, safety, scoreboard, communication etc. 
Ensure proper building standards are maintained 
Ensure the interior and exterior of the BSP facility are properly maintained on a continuous proactive basis 
Assist Program Coordinator with requests, and provide excellent customer service 
Ensure setup requirements and technical requirements for events are executed per specifications 
Participate on committees to assist with event details, and other special requirements 
Responsible for ensuring that the assembly and disassembly of the facility are properly executed as dictated by programs and events 
Ensure the BSP is in compliance with Health and Safety Regulations 
Responsible for maintaining accurate inventory of equipment, furniture, and supplies 
Assist with annual maintenance projects 
Required to be available to BSP patrons at all times while on duty and to interact with BSP patrons in a professional and courteous, responsive manner. 
Other duties as assigned by the Superintendent and Director, Operations 
 Periodic 
Responsible for drafting and reviewing policies and procedures for the Bell Sensplex and ensuring that they align with the strategic objectives of the Bell Sensplex and CSMI. 
 Health & Safety Responsibilities and Accountabilities 
Responsible for ensuring that all areas covered by Occupational Health & Safety Act (“OHSA”) are adhered to, specifically: 
Working in compliance with the provisions of the OHSA, regulations and internal policies and procedures 
Using or wearing protective equipment, devises or clothing when required 
Reporting any missing or defective equipment or protective device which could endanger himself or herself or another team member 
Reporting any contravention of the OHSA, regulations or Senators Sports & Entertainment policies and procedures 
 Training 
Responsible for completing on-line training modules as required, including, but not limited to: 
Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability 
Back & Lifting Safety Training 
Fall Protection 
Ontario Supervisor Health & Safety Awareness 
Ontario Worker Health & Safety Awareness 
Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System (WHMIS) 
Violence and Harassment in the Workplace 
 May also be required to attend on-site training sessions as scheduled (eg. customer service). 
 Requirements 
 Minimum 2 years previous experience in recreation facility as a supervisor 
Experience as an arena operator (ice resurfacer driving experience) 
Ice making expertise (ORFA Certified Ice Technician designation is an asset 
Above average understanding of the Ontario Occupational Health & Safety Act 
Experience in HVAC systems and refrigeration plans (ORFA basic refrigeration an asset) 
Experience performing maintenance, janitorial and other facility operational duties 
Experience handling power tools and hand tools 
Must possess a valid class G driver’s license with a clean abstract 
Current certification in first aid, CPR, defibrillation 
Must be able to lift heavy objects (up to 50 lbs) 
Able to work independently 
Ability to work under pressure, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines 
Excellent organizational, customer service, and decision making skills 
Proven ability to work independently, but to contribute as a member of a team 
Must possess effective oral and written communication skills, bilingual an asset (French & English) 
Must be able to work flexible hours including evenings, weekends and holidays 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
