Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lab Clerk - COVID 19 Response 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Lower Mainland Labs – Provincial Health Services Authority 
 Various Locations Available 
 Vancouver Region: 
St Paul’s Hospital; Vancouver General Hospital; BC Children’s Hospital; BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre 
 Fraser Region: 
Surrey Memorial Hospital 
 Are you skilled at data entry and clerical functions? Are you curious about the inner workings of a public health laboratory? Help BC’s COVID-19 response by joining LM Labs as a Clerk, where you will assist laboratory professionals with processing test requisitions and matching them with patient samples. 
 These roles are available both temporary full-time and temporary part-time and will be instrumental in supporting COVID-19 testing work across the province. 
 Join this essential coordinated health care function to play a role in gathering critical diagnostic data! 
 What you’ll do 
 Perform data entry and general word processing functions such as inputting client information into computerized systems, maintaining registers, and typing correspondence, reports and documents. 
Receive and process test requisitions, matching them with patient samples when required. 
Enter, search and retrieve information from computerized information systems. Enter test orders into information systems in accordance with established procedures. 
Answer telephone calls. 
Perform general record management and filing duties. 
Receive, record, sort and distribute incoming and outgoing mail, faxes, internal correspondence, and courier documents. 
Maintain inventory of department supplies as needed. 
 What you bring 
 Grade 12 graduation. 
Two (2) years’ recent, related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience 
 You have the ability to: 
Keyboard a minimum of 45 wpm. 
Communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
Deal with others effectively. 
Operate related equipment. 
Organize work. 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Job Type:  Temporary project work – 6 month term, with the possibility of extension according to operational requirements. 
 Wage:  $22.14/hr 
 Start Date:  ASAP 
 End Date:  March 31, 2021 
 Hours of Work:  Variety of shifts available, including days, nights and evenings. Shifts are subject to change in response to operational requirements. 
 Location:  Vancouver Region & Fraser Health Region. 
 Possible locations include:  St Paul’s Hospital; Vancouver General Hospital; BC Children’s Hospital; BC Women’s Hospital & Health Centre; Surrey Memorial Hospital; additional locations as needed. 
 What we do 
 Lower Mainland Laboratories (LM Labs) lmlabs.phsa.ca, a service of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA), provides laboratory testing at 31 sites across the lower mainland and central coast of B.C., including acute care hospital laboratories and specialty laboratories. 
 PHSA plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
