  
 monicajakubisin 
 Living a Joyful Life with Down syndrome 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Photo Journal 
 Monica's Blog 
 Links 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 Post navigation 
 Is Monica going to Medical School? 
 Posted on  October 8, 2019  by   monicajakubisin 
 0 
 
 Nope! She is a guest speaker! First Year Students at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine have a series of topics covered in Tuesday morning sessions. This week was Genetic Anomalies. Through a connection with the Upside of Downs, …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  communication ,  doctors ,  faith ,  jobs ,  learning ,  medical ,  social ,  social life ,  speaking 
 On the way to Independent Employment 
 Posted on  August 22, 2018  by   monicajakubisin 
 2 
 
 Monica has started a new job with Delaware North Sportservice, the food service partner of the Cleveland Indians! Monica attended a job fair in March with companies who had evidence of hiring people with disabilities. She knew what a job …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Adult life ,  Down syndrome  Tagged  disabililties ,  employment ,  independence ,  job ,  jobs ,  jobsearch ,  prep cook ,  seasonal employment ,  supported employment 
 2012 - Monica Age 20 - Transition: School to Work 
 Posted on  February 5, 2013  by   monicajakubisin 
 0 
 Monica lived all the events of her senior year to the fullest. We were delighted to see her in cap and gown and carrying the bouquet of roses. She was a terrific hostess at her celebration. Her work at a Summer Internship through the County put her in a position to be ready when a job opened in the fall. She now puts herself 110% into her new job. She is on the cleaning crew at a county building: sweeping, mopping, cleaning tables and chairs in the cafeteria, etc. She is progressing well in her piano lessons and played a string of songs for us at this year’s caroling party. She also works one morning a week for a mom of six kids here in Fairview Park as a mother’s helper. Mary Ellen’s volunteering is in transition now with Monica’s schedule changes, so the two of them will be investigating involvements they can do together, of course looking forward to having more time with her sister and her nieces in the year ahead. 
 
 Posted in  Down syndrome ,  High School years  Tagged  Down syndrome ,  employment ,  graduation ,  jobs ,  peers ,  piano ,  school to work transition 
 Post navigation 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Is Monica going to Medical School? 
 Racecar Driving 
 April Showers 
 What is Monica doing on World Down Syndrome Day 2019? 
 On the way to Independent Employment 
 World Down Syndrome Day 2018 
 What I bring to my community 
 Peaceably Assembling 
 Thanksgiving Prayer 
 Biker Girl - Expressions of Freedom 
 Special Night Special Escort 
 February Family Wedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search 
 Categories 
 
 Adult life 
 Down syndrome 
 Early years 
 High School years 
 school years 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Tags 
 birthdays   cell phones   compassion   Down syndrome   employment   exercise   faith   faith life   friends   functional skills   inclusion   peers   piano   prayer   Reading   Siblings   singing   social   social life   travel 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
