Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Third-Party Property & Planning Manager, Rail & Transit 
 WSP 
 __Thornhill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WSP is one of the world's leading professional services firms. Our purpose is to future proof our cities and environments. 
 We have over 48,000 team members across the globe. In Canada, our 8,000+ people are involved in everything from environmental remediation to urban planning, from engineering iconic buildings to designing sustainable transportation networks, from finding new ways to extract essential resources to developing renewable power sources for the future. 
 The excellence we bring to our work and to our workplace has been recognized far and wide. We are among the LinkedIn Top 25 Companies two years in a row, one of the Top 100 Sustainable Companies in the World (and among the Top 10 in Canada), and we earned Platinum Elite Recognition through our participation in more than half of Canada's Top 100 Infrastructure Projects. 
 At WSP : 
We value our people and our reputation 
We are locally dedicated with international scale 
We are future focused and challenge the status quo 
We foster collaboration in everything we do 
We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable 
 THORNHILL 
 WSP is currently seeking a Third-Party Property & Planning Manager to join our Rail & Transit Group, located at our Thornhill office, Toronto. Reporting to the Program Manager, this position will be responsible for leading a team of coordinators that will work to negotiate and implement Third-Party development and associated support activities that will include property identification for disposition, acquisition, and valuation, lease and development agreement structuring, and multi-stakeholder engagement both public and private 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
Oversee and manage the process for identification of all necessary temporary/permanent property requirements, easements, and dispositions. 
Manage and facilitate stakeholder interests, ensuring necessary property protection and acquisition requirements, including temporary and permanent property requirements and easements, in conjunction with City of Toronto Real Estate Services and Legal staff and/or the TTC. 
Lead the negotiation and expropriation process for the property interests in accordance with the approved project schedule and budget. 
Manage the process of planning, negotiating and coordinating with various stakeholders, including complex property agreements and deal structuring which will involve coordinating and liaising with various parties (i.e. TTC’s Engineering Construction Expansion and Legal staff, City of Toronto staff, consultants, tenants, affected property owners). 
Oversee and manage the TTC dispositions process of initiating and supporting the disposal of property no longer required for TTC purposes. 
Actively manage a team of coordinators that will lead the property, environment, permitting, transportation, and utilities portfolios on a long-term transit infrastructure program. 
This includes responsibility for any environmental assessments (EA) or TPAP's, noise and vibration issues with adjacent property owners; 
Identifying permitting and approval requirements with authorities having jurisdiction, during both field investigations and construction (CoT, York Region, Richmond Hill, Vaughan, Markham, TRCA, Public and Private Utility Companies/Agencies, MTO, large adjacent stakeholders, etc.); 
Mitigation of permanent and temporary traffic impacts, planning for active transportation (e.g. bicycle lanes, etc.), and the development of any legal agreements with stakeholders. 
Ensure the proper coordination of reviews, reports, and schedules related to third-party development. 
Manage the coordinator team representing the TTC in external meetings and on working committees. 
Oversee and review revisions to Official Plan Amendments and Zoning bylaws within the City of Toronto and offer recommendations on a course of action when bylaws adversely affect TTC’s Property. 
Ensure proper presentation and explanation to third-party development of necessary TTC Engineering and Operations Branch cost estimates for TTC work directly related to development projects or agreements for discussion with Developers, City Authorities, leases, and other parties associated with the work. 
Oversee the process of developing operating and capital budgets relating to proposed work. 
QUALIFICATIONS 
Demonstrate approximately 20 years direct experience in property and real estate management, including planning and development, property acquisitions, valuations, and leases, knowledge in the expropriation process, real estate agreements, and deal structuring; 
Possess a Bachelor of Architecture, Science, or Civil Engineering; post-secondary degree/diploma specializing in real estate development, planning, urban studies, engineering or public administration, and licencing by an appropriate professional association is an asset; 
Possess experience related to design and construction of transit, commercial, and municipal infrastructure, including but not limited to transit stations (above and below grade), Maintenance Facilities, railway yards, parking structures, grade parking areas including PPUDO, tracks, signals, bridges, grade separations, underground tunnels and rehabilitation of transit facility building projects; 
Possess experience in entitlements process, property requirements and other approvals for the design process to proceed. 
Possess experience in projects where there are different levels of government and where government agencies are the stakeholders; 
Possess experience in urban rail and transit including demonstrated experience in the constraints of the rail right-of-way considered an asset; 
Possess strong computer skills, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Visio; 
Possess excellent communication skills, that offer a collaborative and interactive approach to clients needs and driving stakeholder needs to final resolution. 
Possess strong presentation and report writing skills. 
 Offers of employment for safety-sensitive positions involving fieldwork are contingent upon candidates being able to perform key physical tasks of the job as described in the job posting and interview. This may include the ability to work in a variety of environmental conditions, such as remote or isolated areas, working alone, and in inclement weather (within safe and reasonable limits). 
 WSP welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 WSP is committed to the principles of employment equity. Only the candidates selected will be contacted. 
 WSP does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies. For more information please READ THE FULL POLICY. 
 WSP Canada Inc. 
 Thornhill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
