
 Blog 
 About 
 Full site: Marketing, Writing, Photos etc 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Nicholas C. Rossis 
 ~ Award-winning, dream-protecting author 
 Search: 
   
 Financially Support Your Writing Career Without Leaving Your Laptop 
 [ 
 01   Friday  Jun 2018 
 ](https://nicholasrossis.wordpress.com/2018/06/01/financially-support-your-writing-career-without-leaving-your-laptop/) 
 Posted  by  Nicholas C. Rossis  in  My friends' Guest Posts ,  Other 
 ≈  7 Comments 
 Tags 
 finances ,  Sally Keys ,  Sally Writes 
 _This is another freelance contribution by  Sally Keys . You may remember her from her recent freelance contribution,  How Creative Writing Can Boost Your Intelligence . Sally is a professional freelance writer with many years experience across many different areas. She made the move to freelancing from a stressful corporate job and loves the work-life balance it offers her. When not at work, she enjoys reading, hiking, spending time with her family, and traveling as much as possible. _ 
 As things are quite tough for many of us, I thought this could be a perfect post for the struggling artists among us! 
 Financially Support Your Writing Career Without Leaving Your Laptop 
 
 Photo by  rawpixel  on  Unsplash 
 With a reported  45,000 writers and authors  in 2017 working in the U.S alone, it's clear to see why writing is an industry renowned for being competitive. That’s not to say that as a novice or longtime writer you should give up on your passion. Whether you’re seeking to write a children’s book,  increase your intelligence through creative writing projects  or be the best blogger in town, initially, you may not see the money flowing in from your writing endeavors. Do not despair, though, as there are plenty of options to earn money while you reap the rewards from your writing, and the more open-minded you are, the more options you’ll have. 
 Use your creative skills 
 You're a writer, so you have an abundance of creative skills that you can utilize to make money. You could pen slogans by creating snappy one-liners, publishing them, and wait for others to pay for them. There are different websites which offer such a service and it’s quick (ensuring no writer’s block), simple, and you can do it where ever you like so long as the wi-fi works. If that isn’t your thing, then how about selling your photos? Again, it’s easy to  take them and download them online  and wait while others pick one of yours because it represents exactly what they need. 
 Expand your passion for reading 
 If you have written a book and you want to expand to the audiobook market, which is gaining popularity, there are ways you can either record your own book. You can also audition someone to do it for you. Alternatively, you can set up your own account to apply to be a reader for audiobooks. Usually, doing this will require acting or audiobook experience, but you may be a natural who passes auditions with ease and gets paid to read. 
 Try investments or rent out things you own 
 Perhaps you’ve had enough of being creative as the writing takes it all and leaves you with very little, so how about financial investments? You could acquire part of a company that is already up and running by investing in a dividend-paying stock which will give you a portion of the profits. Just ensure that you do your research before you to open up a stock-investing account! 
 Or you could join the growing trend of  renting out your car . If you have a car that often sits all day without use, then you just may want to consider renting it when you aren’t using it and being paid for it. Alternatively, you may have a spare room to rent or you could rent your property if you are away using Airbnb. 
 Flexible working when it suits you 
 Amazon now offers a service called Mechanical Turk which  allows you to complete Human Intelligence Tasks  (HITs). These are small and simple enough tasks. Even though they don't pay a lot, numerous jobs can generate income. There is a list which outlines the tasks available and each will show the timeframe for completion and the pay, so it may be worth checking it out and applying to be a worker. 
 Whatever you chose to do to earn money while you write, there are many options available. Some may suit your lifestyle or skills more than others, but you need to be willing to build up your money earning opportunities by trying new things. You may even take a few risks or do something you didn't think you would, but if it allows you to write then surely it's worth trying? 
 Please share this! 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 StumbleUpon 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 7 thoughts on "Financially Support Your Writing Career Without Leaving Your Laptop" 
 
 kimwrtr   said: 
 
 June 1, 2018 at 20:04 
 Reblogged this on  Kim's Author Support Blog . 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 D.L Finn, Author  said: 
 
 June 1, 2018 at 20:07 
 There are some ideas I hadn't thought of to suppliment a writing endeavor. Great post! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [Nicholas C. Rossis](http://nicholasrossis.me) _said:_
 
 June 2, 2018 at 16:43 
 Yay! So glad you enjoyed it 😀 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 Don Massenzio   said: 
 
 June 2, 2018 at 15:07 
 Reblogged this on  Author Don Massenzio  and commented: 
Check out this great post from Nicholas Rossis' blog on how to financially support your writing career without leaving your laptop. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 Anna Dobritt   said: 
 
 June 3, 2018 at 00:04 
 Reblogged this on  Anna Dobritt -- Author . 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 patriciaruthsusan   said: 
 
 June 3, 2018 at 15:49 
 Thanks, Nicholas for this interesting post. 🙂 -- Suzanne 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [Nicholas C. Rossis](http://nicholasrossis.me) _said:_
 
 June 4, 2018 at 12:55 
 Thank you so much, Suzanne 🙂 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 Please share your thoughts before you go!  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Subscribe to blog via email and never miss another post! 
 Join 4,230 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow by email 
 Follow Nicholas C. Rossis on WordPress.com 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Blog hops tours & reblogs  (159) Entertainment  (144) Events and Giveaways  (95) Free Stuff  (39) Fun Historical Facts  (152) Interviews Features and Reviews  (112) Maps and Infographics  (68) Marketing  (292) My friends' Guest Posts  (144) My Guest posts  (12) My Publications  (167) Other  (15) Polls  (3) Publishing  (148) Quora  (22) Random Musings  (408) Writing  (275) 
 Call to Arms 
 Take the 3-question Book Ads Survey 
 Read the Preliminary Survey Results 
 Awards 
 My awards (and me in a dress) 
 My creative process (from the Tour through Blogland award) 
 Free Stuff! 
 Free short stories 
 Check out Runaway Smile online for free! 
 Το Χαμένο Χαμόγελο (Ελληνική έκδοση) 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 About 
 My 4 Golden Rules of Writing 
 Call to Arms - Book Marketing Results 
 Dos and Don'ts on Writing a Book Blurb 
 Show, Don't Tell, on Twitter 
 An easy way to sell more books 
 I Just Published my Book. Now What? 
 A Public Service Announcement: Common Grammar Goofs 
 Brilliant Words You Didn’t Know You Needed 
 7 Tips for Writing Fantasy 
 
 Latest posts 
 
 Heraldry Basics 
 Found: One of the First Books Ever Printed in England 
 Early Wheat Recipes 
 How Amazon Plans to Conquer the World of Publishing 
 Medieval Cistercian Numbers 
 The Real Robinson Crusoe 
 How to Be a Good Content Writer 
 The Real Witches 
 
 Gold Medal Winner, Gelett Burgess Children's Book Award 
 
 IAN’s Book of the Year Awards Finalist 
 
 2015 International Book Awards Finalist 
 
 Top 50 Indie Books of 2015 
 
 RRBC Lifetime Member 
 
 I follow ALLi's ethical author guidelines 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow Nicholas' blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Books by Nicholas 
 
  All fantasy/SF works by Nicholas, over 50% OFF 
  Start reading Runaway Smile: a children's book 
  Start reading Musiville: a children's book 
  Start reading The Power of Six on Amazon 
  Start reading Honest Fibs on Amazon 
  Start reading Infinite Waters on Amazon 
  Start reading the Pearseus Bundle (Books 1-3) 
  Start reading Pearseus, Rise of the Prince (Book 1) 
  Start reading Pearseus, Mad Water (Book 2) 
  Start reading Pearseus, Vigil (Book 3) 
  Start reading Pearseus: Schism (Book 0) on Amazon 
  Tao Te Ching (Greek translation) on Amazon 
 
 Let's connect on Twitter! 
 My Tweets 
 Let's connect on Facebook! 
 
 Let's connect on Facebook! 
 
 Let's connect on Goodreads! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
