  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Bootle, England 
 Rate:  £29000 - £34400 per annum + & Additional Benefits 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 SOAR RGN 
 SOAR RGN 
Location: Liverpool 
Salary: Up to £34,400.45 
Job Type: Permanent & Full-time 
 
 ROLE: SOAR RGN 
Salary: £29,025.38 (less than 2 years' experience)- £34,400.45 (more than 2 years' experience) 
Hours: Full Time (40 hours per week - Long Days, Nights, Earlies, Lates & Weekends) 
 Job Spec: 
 The post holder is to assist the Lead Nurse in providing skilled nursing care to residents in the HMP prison throughout the 24 hour period. 
 He/she will be responsible for the co-ordination and delivery of care to men with complex needs without direct supervision. 
 Assist in delivering and leading a substance misuse service within a multi-disciplinary team, developing collaborative and individual based care plans, through assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation. 
 Provide excellent professional, skilled, effective and knowledgeable person centred care, underpinned by research/evidence. 
 Uphold professional Code of Conduct and adhere to policies and procedures set within the relevant working environment in conjunction with completing necessary training. 
 Contribute to team performance targets and indicators, ensure service data and expectations achieved and developed. 
 Maintain own professional development and training, contribute to staff appraisals, develop workforce according to service needs and demands. 
 About our Site: 
 The prison is a Category B local prison receiving sentenced and remand young offender and adult male prisoners from the courts in Merseyside, Cheshire and North Wales. 
 The prison can accommodate 1,324 prisoners in safe custody. 
 At the HMP service, we are committed to providing the highest standards of healthcare to prisoners in our care. 
 Our healthcare team is staffed 24 hours a day and is made up of qualified Nurses and Health Care Assistants. 
 Benefits: 
, Company pension scheme with employer contributions 
, G4S Life Assurance Scheme 
, Access to Gympass - subsidised gym 
, Free eye-tests/discounts for VDU users 
, Subsidised healthcare plan 
, Charity work- Match-IT and Payroll Giving 
, Employee Assistance Programme Scheme (Confidential Counselling Services, 24/7 support specialising in health and medical topics ) 
, Refer A Friend Scheme 
, Discounts on high street shops and brands including several leading high street brands, retailers and travel suppliers 
 THE IDEAL CANDIDATE: 
Essential skills a Nurse: 
, Part 1 NMC Registration 
, Experience of working within a team 
, Able to work within challenging and complex situations 
, 5 year UK history of residence 
 This role requires the ability to work with vulnerable people in a caring and compassionate way. 
 A DBS check and relevant police/ prison clearance will be required to exclude any individuals with a history of behaviour, which could be considered unacceptable (by G4S or the clients). 
 Safety is of paramount importance and the post holder must ensure that safe systems of work are followed without compromise. 
 
 
 Start:  As soon as possible 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £29000 - £34400 per annum + & Additional Benefits 
 
 
 Location:  Bootle, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-30 16:51:13 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
