  
 
 Home __ 
 Solutions __ 
 Company __
 
 About us 
 News 
 Publications 
 Career 
 
 
 Contact us __ 
 
 Job info 
  Apply now  
 __ 
 Apply before: 30 April, 2021 
 __ 
 Do you have any questions? 
 Fiddelie Nyvall  [+46 542 244 440](tel:+46 542 244 440 "Call Fiddelie Nyvall!") 
 Other Jobs 
 
 [ 
 
 English-speaking Account Manager 
 ](https://workwidegroup.com/jobs/english-speaking-account-manager-2/) 
 Published on December 8, 2020 
 Are you passionate about sales? Have you traveled or lived abroad for some period of your life? Then perhaps... 
  Read more  
 __ Home  » German-speaking Account Manager, relocation to Sweden 
 German-speaking Account Manager, relocation to Sweden 
 Published on December 8, 2020 
 Are you passionate about sales? Have you considered moving to Scandinavia from Germany? Then perhaps you would thrive in Workwide Group 's innovative and international business environment. Join us and become a part of our small, dedicated sales team, supporting recruitment managers across Europe in attracting and sourcing talent from abroad. 
 About the company 
 Workwide Group is a Sweden-based recruitment technology company founded in 2014 with a focus on helping people to find their next job abroad. Our project pipeline for 2021 has grown strongly and we are now looking to ramp up our sales team with 3 dedicated and talented individuals in the Partnership Manager role. 
 About the job 
 The main job of the Partnership Manager is to initiate sales activities with potential customers with demand for multilingual talent. You will be selling recruitment marketing products and recruitment service contracts. You will also get a small portfolio of existing customers after your onboarding period. Your goal with this portfolio is to grow and deepen our partnership with these customers while finding new ways for us to create value for customers and candidates. The job is mainly done through outreach sales initiatives from our office in Karlstad, western Sweden. You will be using phone, web meetings, LinkedIn, e-mails and automation as your main tools for this. A portion of your portfolio will be German companies but the bulk of your contacts will be in English. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Customer acquisition 
 Account management 
 Negotiation of fees and prices 
 Nurture and strengthen customer relationships together with your colleagues in the recruitment delivery team 
 Achieving monthly and quarterly sales targets and quotas 
 Participate in individual and corporate development projects to facilitate for the company's continued growth 
 Follow CRM structure and use the CRM efficiently (we use HubSpot CRM) while keeping a good CRM hygiene 
 Strive to become an expert in recruitment sales through self-development and individual studies 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Native/near-native German speaker with excellent command of English 
 A university degree – preferably in Business Management, Marketing or Communication 
 Digital native 
 A positive mindset and opportunity seeker 
 Strong communication skills and business acumen 
 Goal-oriented and hardworking with grit 
 
 We consider it a merit if you: 
 
 Have previous B2B sales experience, preferably from an international role 
 Have experience from the recruitment industry 
 
 We offer 
 
 Relocation package (2 weeks accommodation, reimbursement of flight ticket after 6 months, support and advice from the rest of the team) 
 An extensive introduction program 
 Base salary together with an attractive commission and bonus structure without a cap 
 Brand new, modern office in Karlstad, Sweden 
 Social events (dinners, ping-pong tournaments, Friday beers and more) 
 Individual development and innovation project is offered to all employees (5 hours per week) 
 Free soft drinks 
 A team of engaged and dedicated team of colleagues from all over Europe that are passionate about our mission 
 
 About Karlstad 
 Workwide Group is based out of Karlstad, Sweden. Karlstad is a beautiful mid-sized town located right between Oslo, Gothenburg and Stockholm. With rivers and canals flowing through this university town, plenty of bars and restaurants and the perfect mix between urban and nature, we're sure you are going to like it here. 
 Our passion 
 At Workwide Group, we're on a mission to remove national borders from the talent equation. We're passionate and proud of the fact that we help people explore the world and find new jobs abroad, every day. It is important to us that you share our belief in the positive impact of living abroad and exploring new countries and cultures has on people's lives. 
 **  Important! With regards to the current restrictions due to Covid-19, all of our employees can choose to work from the office or from home - this applies after you have completed your 6-week on-boarding program.  ** 
 If you want to be a part of a unique and promising company going into scale-up mode – apply today!  Starting periods will be ongoing. 
 We look forward to speaking with you! 
 Share 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
   
 What we do 
 Workwide Group offers access to the European multilingual talent pool. We operate five standalone job sites and Lingocruit, our recruitment agency division. Guided by our vision to remove national borders from the talent equation we now have helped hire more than 8,000 multilingual candidates. 
 Contact us / Find us 
 __ 
 [+46 (0) 54 22 44 440](tel:+46 (0) 54 22 44 440) 
 __ 
 Connect with Zoom 
 __ 
 info@workwidegroup.com 
 __ 
 Workwide AB 
Trekantsgatan 3 
652 20, Karlstad 
Sweden 
 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Navigation 
 
 Home 
 Solutions 
 Company
 
 About us 
 Career 
 Publications 
 News 
 
 
 Contact us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Find a job abroad 
 
 Portfolio 
 
  Workwide.se  
  Workwide.de  
  Workwide.fr  
  Wihb.nl  
  Arbejdeiudlandet.dk  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Workwide Group, All Rights Reserved 
 Cookies 
 Workwide Group uses cookies to make the site work as well as possible. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.  Read more I accept 
