Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Release Coordinator 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 Release Coordinator 
 Reporting to the Manager of IS Applications, the Release Coordinator role is a critical position supporting key stakeholders in coordinating activity in our various application environments as well as planning, scheduling and coordinating software releases. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Forward plan the release windows and cycles across a portfolio of applications and environments including ERP, CRM and HRMS related systems. 
Manage risks and resolves issues that affect release scope, schedule and interdependency between systems. 
Negotiate, plan and manage all release activities and application environment activities 
Coordinate release content and ensure the required technical Change Management plans are in place for all elements included within a release 
Manage relationships and coordinate work between different teams at different locations 
Conduct Release Readiness reviews 
Communicate release details and schedules to the Business, Project Teams and other stakeholders as required 
Periodic Environment and Release Reporting 
Maintains the release schedule for all core services and ensure alignment across key partners and vendors. 
Continually work towards making improvements in the release management process 
Develops environment and release management procedures, checklists and scripts 
Participate in Change Advisory Board (CAB) meetings to discuss release scope and/or roadblocks 
Maintains a release repository and manages key information such as build and release procedures, dependencies, and notification lists 
Researches new software development and configuration management methodologies and technologies and analyzes their application to current configuration management needs 
 JOB REQUIREMENTS: 
Bachelor’s degree or Diploma in Computer Science or related field 
2-6 years of previous release and/or project management experience, (Solid understanding of project management principles preferred) 
Formal training in project management practices preferred 
Advanced knowledge of software development lifecycle 
Demonstrated ability to coordinate cross-functional work teams toward task completion 
Demonstrated effective leadership and analytical skills 
Advanced written and verbal communication skills are a must 
Effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast pace, high-pressure environment. 
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and interpersonal skills 
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. 
Experience with ITIL or similar frameworks including Change Management, Release Management, Configuration Management and Software Development Lifecycle 
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite 
Team-oriented, ability to build relationships effectively 
Attention to detail and accuracy 
Must be a self-starter and able to work independently 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
