Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Are you at the top of your game? Bring your expertise and knowledge to Canada’s largest retailer. We are looking for smart, nice and curious team members to help bring our Data & Analytics game to the next level. This is an exciting time to join our team – we are changing the game in a big way! 
 If you are looking to join a company that offers unlimited opportunity, excellent leadership, world-class training and makes a big impact on the community – this is the role you’ve been waiting for! 
 The Data & Analytics team at Loblaw is hiring a Senior Analyst, Business Intelligence reporting to the Sr. Manager, Business Intelligence . The incumbent will be responsible for preparing data and uncovering insights, which can be clearly represented to the business in engaging BI visualizations. 
 The successful candidate will use advanced techniques for analyzing data, will build and maintain collaborative relationships with business partners, leaders and work with cross functional teams. The candidate will be a self-starter who has a passion for working with big data and effectively communicating the value of their analysis to the business. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Responsible for the extraction and analysis of complex information from a variety of data sources 
Analyze data to help determine insights to solve business problems or identify new opportunities 
Collaborate with business partners to understand and define their data visualization requirements 
Participate in the design and implementation of complex business intelligence and analytic solutions based on functional requirements. 
Understand and communicate complex business concerns and solutions in a clear and concise manner 
Prototype visualizations with the business to guide the BI development process 
Design and build interactive and static data visualizations to provide insights and enable strategic business decisions 
Ensure the availability and optimal performance of the solutions / dashboards 
Work with data management team to source and model data for BI 
Adhere to and further develop data governance standards in creation of data visualizations 
Build statistical, descriptive and predictive models to support experimentation that are easily understood and replicated 
Produce engaging data visualizations that effectively bring data insights to life 
Actively identify and execute initiatives to improve process and data infrastructure 
Act as a gatekeeper with regards to security and confidentiality of data obtained through all sources 
 What You 'll Bring: 
University Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, Business, or other relevant field 
3+ years’ experience building BI visualizations using Qlik and/or MicroStrategy 
3+ years’ experience in utilizing advanced SQL data extraction and manipulation tools 
Strong programming skills with SQL, Python 
Experience with cloud environments such as GCP and Big Query, Azure and Databricks preferred 
Technical expertise regarding different data models, database design and segmentation techniques 
In depth data mining experience working with large relational databases 
Superb analytical and conceptual thinking skills; to not only manipulate but also derive meaningful interpretations from data 
Knowledge of predictive modelling, machine learning modelling and pattern recognition models is an asset. 
Pharmacy data and analytics experience is an asset 
Ability to take initiative and work on multiple projects in a fast-paced environment 
Capability to liaise with all levels across the enterprise on projects and ad-hoc requests 
Advanced MS Office skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
Strong detail orientation is essential in this role 
A team player and self-starter 
 What You Can Expect: 
We are a team of diverse and ambitious analysts, who cultivate a friendly and inclusive work environment where you can be yourself. Our employees’ development is at the core of our business, offering endless possibilities for growth, learning and mobility. 
 Other perks of joining Loblaw: 
Competitive compensation and benefits package 
Office with incredible amenities including an on-site gym, volleyball court, and basketball court (turned ice rink in the winter!) 
A flexible work environment which values balance 
Colleague Discount Program 
Tuition reimbursement Program 
Employee Share Ownership plan 
Pension Plan 
 If the above sounds like a great fit, then we would love to hear from you! Apply today, and get the process started. If you meet the above requirements, expect a call from one of our recruiters, followed by an in-person interview. Our recruitment process will allow you to meet and interact with colleagues at various levels of our business to give you a great perspective of life at Loblaw. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest but please note, only those candidates who meet the minimum requirements for the position will be contacted. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
