  
 nicholegrimshaw 
 fun, loving, new start, law of attraction, 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 Post navigation 
 Things You can Learn about Buisness or your Career from a 4 year old 
 Posted on  September 25, 2013  by   Nichole Grimshaw 
 0 
 
 Just the other night I was babysitting my little niece. Over the course of the evening she was talking about all of the things she wanted to do. She would tell me how she is going to be a princess and her and her "horse are going to live in a big castle. Now obviously most of us do not grow up to become royalty (unless were Kate Middleton) but over our childhoods we learn skills and are told each and every day to be realistic. Children Like my niece are fearless and free to dream at the age of 4. If we were encouraged to dream our entire lives imagine who we would become. I myself would not have gotten a practical degree in which i did not really want and waste many years of my life sitting behind a desk not enjoying one bit of my life. 
 First of all Begin to dream again each and every day. visualize and write down what your life would be like in your ideal world. Remember back when you were a kid and why if you were like me you wanted to be a Pirate or a Firefighter. Begin to dream of a whole new wold even if it is something that reality could never sustain. This will help to increase your capacity for thinking outside the box and give you that same enjoyment a child would have when they are playing make believe. 
 Next, start to compile a list of things you really like to do and do them more often. Life is about having fun and enjoying the people and culture we have all around us. There is an old saying that if you love what you do for work then you never worked a day in your life. This is very true because you would have choose to do these things anyway. for example,the love of my life loves to hunt and fish ( what men don't!) He is going to be using this love to create his own business so he can spend every day doing just that. Or how about my friend Christina who loves children she decided to become a social worker and create a place that's helps children in need gain better resources. There are many ways we can be happier with what we do ; but, we need to know what we love first. 
 
 Last, I challenge all people to go out and learn what it means to be truly fearless and brave. worrying about what might happen leads us to that exact sequence of events and yet if we simply go for it we almost always arrive at our destination safely. If a better life is what you seek be like my niece was with her first horse back riding lesson. If a 4 year old girl can walk right up to an animal 20 times her size pet him and without even a flinch jump on his back because she wants to be a princess with a horse I am sure you can start enjoying your life and taking the steps to making your self happy! 
 written by Nichole Grimshaw 
 want more subscribe at-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/     
 twitter  wahsmirgelohcin  
 Also Check out Some similar Posts- 
 Indispensable Leadership Qualities-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/2013/06/indespensable-leadership-qualities.html  
 Tagged  buisness ,  career ,  children ,  dreams ,  happiness ,  help ,  law of attraction ,  love ,  success 
 In the Service of Others 
 Posted on  July 11, 2013  by   Nichole Grimshaw 
 0 
 
 As humans we are in constant search of happiness. Many people are filling this need with objects like our cars, phones, houses,electronics and other people. Then, in order to support our addiction of possessions that we think will fulfill the need to be happy we grow up get jobs that will make us enough to money to pay for the car, house, phones, etc… Yet, even if we have a job that allows us to gain all the "best" things in life we are still reaching for the next thing and never gaining the fulfillment. This was the struggle I found myself in not to long ago. I was working a job that would simply allow me to get by and gain possessions. It took zero creativity and I felt so under utilized. In other words I was wasting my time and instead of creating what i wanted, looking inwards, and trying to make a change I was going through the motions and placing my attention outside rather than inwards. I was so unhappy! I felt as if I was trapped in a constant whirl wind and One day I had to escape my work environment and start making a difference. I always wanted to help others in some way, to truly create change, I wanted to be free… I now believe this urge is the same for all individuals. The same urge to be at the service of others… to touch others hearts and to be free to create a better world. Some may do this with singing, drawing and writing and some may be health care workers, or firefighters… etc… Yet, all people need to find what service to humanity will make their spirit sing for joy! If you are going through the motions be brave and trust in your ability, look with in and move towards a higher purpose 🙂 In the service of others you find true moments of happiness 
 Tagged  career ,  freedom ,  ghandi ,  happiness ,  love ,  peace ,  service 
 Indespensable Leadership Qualities 
 Posted on  June 25, 2013  by   Nichole Grimshaw 
 0 
 When looking at great leaders and People who are able to guide others in a positive and fulfilling direction there are a few crucial qualities someone must develop with in themselves. These qualities are some of the qualities that people find motivating in a leader and will help you gain respect and love from your team! 
 
 ** Integrity and Honesty**- I place this quality first on the list because a person without integrity will always have there decisions questioned by the people who value honesty and integrity in their own lives. If you are doing things that hurt others or make the world around people a worse place for your own gain then you can never be a true leader. For example, a drug dealer who commands respect through power, and control never leads. Have you ever wondered why violence runs so deep within these people. It is because they can not gain respect from the people around them without forcing it on them! 
 
 2.  Commitment to your cause  - No one who is successful at building a team of people or gaining the respect of their peers has ever quit on their cause or purpose. They are so deeply involved that when something does not work the way they wanted they simply adjust the course of their sale and keep sailing towards their goal. This commitment in itself is assuring to those who are following you and shows strength in your belief in yourself and ability to accomplish what is needed. 
 3.  Openness-  The quality of openness is understood as a personality trait we express. I recently watched on the Dr. Phil show a way to test just how open you are to new ideas and how accepting you are of others and what they think. Its really simple, How do you feel about PDA! As ridiculous as it seems open people are usually accepting of PDA and even seem to find it nice. This is because they do not feel like they need to control the actions of others. Good leaders are open people who will accept criticism and look in to the ideas of the people they lead. They collaborate more and control less! 
 4.  Consistency-  Good leaders realize that small actions add up to big things! They consistently act each day to hit the goals. This can be as simple as making a couple phone calls but they realize every action matters no matter how small! Also, they are consistent with the decisions they make and how they handle the people around them. It is much better to have a systematic approach! 
 5.  They think Big and Go the Extra Mile  - Good leaders can see the whole picture and only focus on the end result. This motivates true leaders to go the extra mile and understand that no matter what happens they will get what needs to be done done. One of my favorite quotes is actually something Yoda says to Luke in Star Wars He says NO TRY NOT, DO OR DO NOT, THERE IS NO TRY! This is how a leader acts towards there goal because no matter what obstacle is set in front of their goal the goal itself is so big that they can always see it and keep moving towards it! 
 6.  They Know the people they lead Personally and Professionally  - They care about the people who are around them and although having a professional relationship is important they genuinely care about the well being of the people who they lead more than the job that needs to be done. This is why true leaders develop a personal relationship with the people they lead! 
 written by Nichole Grimshaw 
 want more subscribe at-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/     
 twitter  wahsmirgelohcin  
 
 Did you like this also read- 
 The Importance of Goal setting and Objectives- http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/2013/06/the-importance-of-goal-setting-and.html 
 Books all successful people read-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/2013/04/the-books-all-successful-people-read.html  
 Creative Visualization Technique for Various Learning styles-  http://happinessecrets.blogspot.com/2013/04/creative-visualization-techniques-for.html 
 Tagged  career ,  happiness ,  law of attraction ,  leadership ,  money ,  success 
 Post navigation 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Effort vs. Consistency 
 Did They Really Change? 
 Are you Ignoring the Signs? 
 Why is Finding Love so Hard 
 Pay It Forward… Thank You! 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 May to Today……  on  Why is Finding Love so Ha… 
 
 
 
 
 Glen Roberts on  What is Christ Consciousn… 
 
 
 
 
 kaycers  on  Dreams what do they really tel… 
 
 
 
 Nichole Grimshaw  on  Are We Tested? 
 
 
 
 NoemiFairy  on  Are We Tested? 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 No upcoming events 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 84 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Happinessecrets 
 Seeing the life differently! 
 joyful cacophony 
 Welcome to our online community of creativity, healing and self-exploration! This is a place to tell our stories with the intention to learn from one another. Please read and share your thoughts freely! 
 JimmyDulinEN 
 Three Wise Guys 
 Best not to think about it 
 pressedwordsat.wordpress.com/ 
 Gotta Find a Home 
 James J Need 
 Writer & Mind Coach 
 Hart Helps 
 explore ways to win the wars waged within the mind 
 NoemiFairy 
 Sharing inspiring positive thoughts and spiritual insights 
 My Blog 
 This WordPress.com site is the bee's knees 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
