[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Senior Sales Engineer 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted October 29 
 Wrike 
 
 Overview 
 Wrike is a collaborative work management platform that unifies systems and transforms the way teams plan, manage, and complete work. The Wrike platform is the digital workplace for the enterprise and partner of choice for 18,000 organizations and 2M+ users worldwide. Our mission is to enable Operational Excellence by bringing out the best in teams and connecting work with business results. 
 Wrike has been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in North America on Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500™ list for the last three years and has been named Leader in the Forrester Wave™ report for Collaborative Work Management Tools for the Enterprise in 2016 and 2018. In late 2018, Wrike joined the  Vista Equity Partners’ portfolio of world-class technology companies  to help fuel the company’s global growth. 
 Our US headquarters is in Downtown San Jose, California and we have several international offices, including our EMEA HQ in Dublin, Ireland, and our APAC HQ in Melbourne, Australia. Wrike has been named a “Top Workplace” by the Bay Area News Group for the last five years and has earned similar accolades from the San Diego Business Journal, San Francisco Business Times and the Silicon Valley Business Journal. 
 We are guided by our three core values: Grow, Execute, and Collaborate. These values help us recruit the right talent to join our rapidly expanding team of 1,000+ Wrikers around the globe. It is important to us that each and every Wriker is not only eager to challenge themselves and knows how to get work done, but is an awesome addition to our company culture. We pride ourselves on our ability to attract, retain, and promote the very best talent. 
 The Wrike team is currently very busy helping our clients successfully transition into efficient, productive and collaborative work from home companies! Though hiring cycles have slowed slightly due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, we are actively hiring for this position. We will be reviewing resumes and reaching out to qualified candidates to discuss updated hiring processes. 
 About the Role 
 As a Senior SE on the pre-sales team at Wrike, you will serve as a technical champion to uncover true customer needs and demonstrate Wrike’s powerful value proposition. You will work very closely and strategically with your sales counterparts to help acquire new customers, expand relationships, and drive revenue growth to key accounts. You’ll passionately position Wrike as the next generation Collaborative Work Management platform. 
 
 Know and help articulate the benefits and value of Wrike’s Collaborative Work Management in all customer interactions 
 Evangelize the value and benefits of Wrike products and services and conduct technical workshops and educational sessions both internally with team members (helping newer team members come up to speed) and externally with customers and partners 
 Proactively collaborate with internal cross-functional organizations such as sales, marketing, product, etc) to increase SE team effectiveness and enhance competitive differentiation 
 Have expertise in one of the following areas:
 
 Marketing - particularly MarTech and AdTech 
 Professional Services 
 PMO - both Strategic (office of PMO) and project based PMO 
 
 
 Maintain a deep understanding of competitive solutions and Wrike’s distinct advantages 
 Excellent written skills – lead content creation for RFPs and other customer consumable content 
 
 About You 
 
 B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent degree or work experience 
 3+ years as a Sales/Solutions Engineer 
 Extensive customer facing experience, performing presentations (both technical and business) and handling objections 
 Proven ability to proactively lead technical discovery sessions, lead customer meetings when required, and focus on outcomes and longer-term objectives 
 Technical experience in integrating solutions together to achieve elevated customer value and automation 
 Ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously with occasional competing priorities 
 
 Perks & Benefits 
 At Wrike, you’ll benefit from unlimited PTO, medical & dental care, commuter benefits, daily catered meals & snacks galore, team off-sites & happy hours. 
 Wrike is committed to creating and maintaining a diverse and inclusive space where our employees can thrive. We welcome all persons in to the Wrike family, embracing the diversity of racial and ethnic identity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, family status, disability, gender identity, Veteran status and any other protected status. 
 
 Apply for job 
 Watch Video 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  139 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Demand Generation Manager 
 Wrike  Work management & social collaboration software for Enterprise & SMB. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 6
 
 
 
 
 Technical Writer 
 Algolia  Our mission is to empower every company to create delightful Search and Discovery experiences. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* December 18
 
 
 
 
 Brand Marketing Designer 
 Homebound  Homebound has created a better way to design and build custom homes. Currently building in California. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 20
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
