Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Weekday Full Time Overnight Swing Manager 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 What’s in it for YOU 
 Access to our World-Class Training Programs & the potential to earn the equivalent of a first year degree in business. 
Competitive Starting Wages paired with regular Performance & Wage Reviews 
Quarterly Bonus Program 
Paid Breaks 
Paid vacation starting at 2 weeks per year. 
Access to benefits such as medical, dental and life insurance 
Platinum Card Program – including free meals when you are working 
Free uniform and a free pair of non-slip shoes for each year 
Free team outings and activities to attend 
Flexible scheduling that will allow for work-life balance 
 Qualifications 
 Job Requirements & Qualifications 
 This position is Sunday through Thursday from 11pm-7am the next day. You get paid breaks as well you get every weekend off. 
 Must have reliable transportation to and from this location as it is not on a direct bus route. 
 Individuals that are Hospitality/Guest centric focused. Service is not about a transaction but it’s about making a connection and the difference in someone’s day. 
 Excellent verbal communication skills 
 Energetic and show a strong sense of work ethic and initiative 
 Ability to learn and thrive with new skills and opportunities 
 Ability to multitask and perform in a dynamic fast paced environment 
 Positive attitude and the ability to remain cool, calm and collective under pressure 
 Detail-Oriented individuals who pride themselves on accuracy 
 Desire to work within a team, working within a set of procedures and processes 
 Ability to deal with guest concerns and questions in a professional manner resulting in a positive resolution. 
 A SMILE that leaves a positive impression 
 If this sounds like the perfect fit for you, then don’t delay – apply today! 
 Additional Information 
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
