
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Medical Billing and Coding Jobs from Home 
 July 2, 2017 by  Ashlee Anderson   26 Comments 
 __Tweet 4 
 __Pin 2K 
  __Share 72 
  __Share 17 
 2K Shares 
 Medical billing and coding jobs from home offer a chance to build an out-of-the-cubicle career in healthcare. In fact, this remote-friendly career path is so in-demand that the  Bureau of Labor and Statistics  estimates it'll grow  much faster  than average! 
 Some estimates even suggest there are 50% more medical billing and coding jobs than there are professionals to fill them! 
 A recent  CNBC video  highlights this labor gap of medical coders in a  Where The Jobs Are  report. Needless to say, with the right training under your belt, you can enter this wide-open professional field and secure steady employment. 
 And, because many of the job responsibilities can be done using just a computer and Internet connection, there are a number of medical billing and coding jobs from home. 
 Interested? Let's look at this hugely in-demand remote career path and how you can get started (even if you have no experience). 
 What is Medical Billing and Coding? 
 The healthcare industry as a whole is booming. If you've always been interested in a career in healthcare but can't stand the sight of blood or didn't want to go to school for years to get a degree and certification, medical coding may be right up your alley. 
 You see, medical billing and coding specialists play an important role in the financial side of healthcare. They review patients' records and assign codes to procedures and diagnoses. These codes are used by medical providers to bill insurance companies, patients, and government agencies (think Medicaid and Medicare). 
 To keep things consistent, the entire industry uses three standard code sets. These are known as CPT, HCPCS, and ICD-10. 
 The information you extract from records becomes a part of a patient's medical history. So accuracy and confidentiality are key! 
 Medical Billing and Coding Pay 
 Medical billing and coding jobs are known to pay pretty darn good. According to the  Bureau of Labor and Statistics , the median pay in 2016 was $38,040 per year or about $18.29 per hour. Not too bad for a remote healthcare job that doesn't require a degree! 
 Medical Billing and Coding Certification 
 We know that medical billing and coding is an in-demand profession. But it's not something you can just jump into. While you don't need a degree, you will need post-secondary training. Once you complete training, it is often recommended to seek industry certification. (A good training program will prepare you for both your career and certification). 
 As an entry-level medical billing and coding pro, there are two industry certifications to consider. The first is the Certified Professional Coder (CPC) offered by the  American Academy of Professional Coders  (AAPC). The other is Certified Coding Associate (CCA) offered by  American Health Information Management Association  (AHIMA). 
 Although certification isn't necessarily a prerequisite of employment, it can make you a desirable hire in the eyes of employers. But before you even think about gaining certification, you'll need to go through training. Remember, a good program will set you up for success in your career and will prepare you to seek certification post-graduation. 
 Medical Billing and Coding Training 
 The  Online Medical Billing and Coding Certification Training Program at CareerStep  prepares students to work as a medical billing and coding specialist AND obtain certification after graduating. Did I mention you can do it all entirely online in as little as four months? It's true. Full-time students can complete training in a few short months and be one step closer to securing employment. 
 And because Career Step has developed relationships with employers over the years, many of their graduates have jobs immediately following graduation. There are even opportunities for remote employment! 
 With Career Step, you'll have the knowledge and skills to increase your earning potential as a medical billing and coding pro. 
 To learn more about the many benefits of the training program and how you can enroll, visit the  Career Step career and education training page . 
 Medical Billing and Coding Jobs 
 Many medical billing pros work for physicians, hospitals, clinics and other healthcare facilities. But there are a number of medical billing and coding jobs from home too. 
 Medical Billing and Coding Jobs From Home 
 Maxim Health Information Services 
 At Maxim Health Information Services, there are a variety of medical billing and coding jobs from home for you to choose from. In addition to working remotely, you are eligible for benefits that include 401(k), medical coverage, and flexible scheduling! 
 MRA Information Health Services 
 MRA offers remote coding and cancer registry positions. Because they hope to retain long-term employees, MRA offers competitive pay, benefits, advancement opportunities, and continued education and training programs. 
 Aviacode 
 Aviacode hires certified coders nationwide. Assignments range from psychiatry, inpatient, outpatient, and more. All of their medical billing and coding jobs from home are contract-based. This means that, while you won't be benefits eligible, you will be afforded greater flexibility in how and when you work! 
 Lexicode 
 For 35 years, LexiCode has provided remote coding support throughout the healthcare industry. They routinely advertise medical billing and coding jobs from home to meet their clients' demand. Although there are a number of specialities to choose from, most of their openings involve hospital-based and physician-based coding. 
 Precyse 
 To date, there are coders located throughout 41 states at Precyse. As a remote coder here, you gain access to continuing education programs and ongoing support! There's even chances to advance your career or learn a new skill that can lead to greater work opportunities. 
 Where Else To Look for Medical Billing and Coding Jobs From Home 
 Above is just a short list of known companies that hire remote medical coders. This list should give you an idea of what's out there but is by no means exhaustive! 
 There are many more opportunities where those came from. Check out these  22 free websites, blogs and job boards  for additional leads. 
 Additional Resources 
 Before jumping in to any new career path, be sure to do your research! You want it to be the right choice for you. The  AAPC has an active forum  with tons of great posts. Browse through the threads for valuable insight and information from current medical billing and coding pros. 
 MTStars also has a  coding-specific forum  you can look through. There are discussions on everything from schooling to job opportunities! 
 And of course, don't forget about LinkedIn!  Give your profile a makeover  so you attract career-building connections. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 __Tweet 4 
 __Pin 2K 
  __Share 72 
  __Share 17 
 2K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths  Tagged With:  medical billing and coding certification ,  medical billing and coding jobs ,  medical billing and coding jobs from home ,  medical billing and coding training 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Cori Ramos  says 
 
 July 3, 2017 at 9:19 am 
 Hi Ashlee! 
 Happy Monday! Thanks for putting all these great resources together! I know some ladies who would love to read this! 
 No doubt I'm passing this on. Have a great week! 
 Cori 
 
 Nicole nolan says 
 
 July 15, 2017 at 12:46 am 
 Hello was wondering how doable is it to be a medical coder from home how many hours would be required, I need flexible hours maybe early in the morning or the evening or the weekend. Im a mom of three kids as well as a homeschool. Thanks 
Nicole nolan 
 
 Alicia Fujimoto says 
 
 August 16, 2017 at 3:33 pm 
 Hey Ashlee! 
 This is exactly the type of information I was looking for. Thank you for providing great stats and resources. I'll be sure to pass this along to friends who are also looking to 'think outside the cubicle' and gain control of their lives. 
 Alicia 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 August 16, 2017 at 7:20 pm 
 Hi Alicia, 
 You're welcome. Thank you for stopping by. Good luck in your quest to kick your cubicle to the curb 🙂 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Shams ul arifeen says 
 
 August 22, 2017 at 12:46 am 
 I am interested in work from home medical billig job 
 
 Vickie Thoma says 
 
 August 24, 2017 at 11:02 am 
 I am going to school for medical billing and coding but I would like to work part time from home for now 
 
 Garnette Brown says 
 
 November 21, 2017 at 9:50 pm 
 Hi Ashlee, 
 Do you know of any companies that just use medical billers. I don’t have my coding degree, but I have more that 15 years in the medical field. I have done everything in a doctors office except be the doctor and the nurse. 
 
 Deanna McKee says 
 
 December 22, 2017 at 7:31 pm 
 Hi Ashley! 
 I just passed my CPC exam and looking for a job preferably remote. Do you have any information about which companies hire new coders and is it hard finding a job in this field being a new coder? 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 December 26, 2017 at 9:00 am 
 Hi Deanna, 
 Congratulations! That's great that you have passed your CPC. From what I have heard, it is not necessarily difficult to find a job as a new coder. In fact, there is a shortage of coders so there are often more job vacancies that trained professionals, like you, to fill them. 
 I heard great things about Lexicode. They have an entire remote division for coding pros. Have you looked into them?  https://www.talento.io/eFpWorkplace/newcareers.do 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Jessica Stahley says 
 
 February 2, 2018 at 5:03 pm 
 Hi Ashlee, 
 I have gotten my technical in medical billing and coding and will graduate this June with my associates. How can I get started with a job in this field as soon as possible? 
 
 Manivannan  says 
 
 February 7, 2018 at 1:20 am 
 thank you for your valuable information which I was looking for. I am working in a medical coding company in India. Outpatient clinics speciality. Can I get a work from home project? 
 
 Aaqib says 
 
 March 4, 2018 at 7:25 pm 
 Many medical billing companies work in devoloping counyries on less rates can do this same thing individually out side from usa i have experities in medicall billing 
 
 Anonymous says 
 
 April 12, 2018 at 8:28 am 
 Hi Ashlee, 
The above health care companies don't provide home based coding jobs to indian?? 
 
 Shereen.C.Chacko says 
 
 June 7, 2018 at 4:10 am 
 Hi dear, 
 I am interested to work as a Medical Coder from home. I am a fresher and interested to work online. Please guide me through this with several options 
 
 Nusrath Iqbal says 
 
 June 25, 2018 at 2:03 pm 
 I have an experience of 8 yrs billing coding job iam looking 1 to work from my home. Thanks 
 
 Virginia Macaro says 
 
 July 16, 2018 at 5:58 pm 
 I just completed a medical and billing course and am interested in beginning work from my home. How do I go about getting started? 
 
 Cindy says 
 
 August 5, 2018 at 1:56 am 
 Hello All, 
I have been working in the Medical Billing field for over 8 years. I have also graduated from College with an Associates degree in Medical Billing and Coding in July 2017. I am looking for jobs that are remote jobs. I'm looking for extra work. Any help will be appreciated. 
Thank you 
 
 Ashley says 
 
 October 22, 2018 at 6:47 pm 
 Hi everyone! 
I recently graduated with my CPC. I have been looking for something remote and part-time. I also work as an LPN and have a 4 year old at home on my days off and would like to be home and work as well if possible. Its proving to be a bit harder to find something than I thought! Anyone have any input? 
Anything would be great! 
Thank you!! 
Ashley 
 
 marie says 
 
 December 21, 2018 at 11:07 pm 
 The link to Lexicode is not viable Ashley 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 January 28, 2019 at 6:06 am 
 Thanks Marie! I'll give it an update 🙂 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Nivedita says 
 
 February 8, 2019 at 7:09 am 
 I want hcc coding job for home work, I m from India, having 3 year experience in home Coding I can with accuracy 
 
 Elizabeth Mathew says 
 
 February 3, 2020 at 3:49 am 
 Hi ! i am interested in this job. Please provide the details 
 
 Nick Jones says 
 
 February 18, 2020 at 4:59 pm 
 Hello, I found very little information in that coding-specific forum other than reich-wing propaganda and people complaining about pay or lay-offs. I am sad now. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Learn How to Work From Home For The First Time - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 10, 2017 at 9:33 am 
 […] Medical Billing & Coding […] 
 
 Top 10 Work From Home Jobs for Introverts - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 January 5, 2018 at 9:30 am 
 […] Recommended Read: How To Become a Medical Billing & Coding Pro, Even If You're Starting from Scratch […] 
 
 Typing Jobs From Home: 6 Options For Fast Typers  says: 
 
 August 19, 2019 at 12:10 pm 
 […] to say, you can definitely earn a living from home typing as a medical billing and coding pro. But, keep in mind, you need some training and certification to get […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
