Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Certified Reflexologist - Busy Southside Clinic 
 Massage Addict Heritage Village 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Certified Reflexologist – Full Time and Part Time 
 Now hiring Certified Reflexologists at our Massage Addict Heritage Village clinic OPENING SOON located on 2055 -111 ST NW 
 Massage Addict is Canada’s first and largest membership-based massage therapy provider with over 75 clinics and more than 900 RMTs across the country. Visit our website to learn more about us at www.massageaddict.ca. 
 Our professional, clean and well-established clinic is looking for Part Time and Full Time Certified Reflexologists. The ideal candidate is professional, has exceptional customer service skills, a passion for improving the health of Canadians and is motivated to work collaboratively within a team of other health care practitioners. 
 Our clinic has 8-10 treatment rooms and is located in a high-traffic, convenient retail plaza alongside other well-known national brands. Massage Addict offers a membership program, which allows members to enhance health through regular monthly treatments and, at the same time, allows us to have a consistent client base. 
 Join our team. We will fill your schedule so you can focus solely on providing high quality treatments. 
 What we offer 
 
 Positive, fun and professional work environment 
 Clinical approach to treatments – in a friendly and inviting atmosphere 
 Comprehensive and competitive compensation package 
 Flexible schedules to meet work-life balance 
 Linens, supplies, on-site laundry, billing/booking services and full time reception provided 
 Optional health-care benefits package 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Perform high-quality reflexology treatments with a complete focus on the client 
 Maintain a clean treatment room 
 Recommend treatment plans 
 Maintain accurate and up-to-date client records 
 Work collaboratively in a team environment while upholding the clinic processes and procedures 
 
 Qualifications and Requirements 
 
 Applicants must be certified and members in good standing with a recognized Reflexology association 
 Reflexology certificate 
 A positive, professional, and flexible attitude 
 Ability to work in a team environment with other Health Care Professionals 
 Desire to build and grow within your profession 
 
 If you are a Certified Reflexologist, with a passion for improving the health of Canadians, looking to work in an upbeat professional, and well-established clinic then we would love to hear from you. We invite you to contact us today to discuss the details. 
 We thank all applicants but only those qualified will be contacted. 
 Massage Addict is proud to partner with The Arthritis Society. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
