WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Lead Game Designer 
 Double Loop Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 14, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Double Loop Games is looking for a Lead Game Designer to design gameplay and content for a new, original mobile game. 
 ‍ 
 WHO WE ARE 
 We are a well-funded mobile game start-up focused on making delightful, relaxing experiences for the biggest audience in games: people who don’t think of themselves as gamers. 
 We're building an environment that's transparent, respectful, and family-friendly. Our current team is in California and Oregon, but we're happy to work with people remotely anywhere in the Americas. Diverse candidates encouraged. Kindness expected. 
 ‍ 
 WHO DO WE WANT 
 Double Loop Games is looking for an experienced Lead Game Designer to help design and implement gameplay interactions and levels. The ideal candidate has a wealth of experience designing, testing, and tuning casual to midcore F2P gameplay systems, cinematics, levels and content. This designer will also be responsible for reviewing & giving feedback to bring a portion of the game to final polish level -- extremely high attention to detail is required. They should showcase a track record of high quality work and enthusiasm for their craft, and be experienced using Unity. 
 ‍ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Work with the Game Director to design F2P gameplay and metagame systems. Review and test them in game, owning the feedback process of bringing them to a final, shippable polish level 
 Use Unity and our custom tools to build levels and input/configure levels and large quantities of data for content unlocks & rollout. The Lead Game Designer will create first pass tuning, but an Economy Designer will provide final tuning 
 Work with a Narrative Designer and Artist to design tutorial & cinematic sequences that meld with gameplay. Review them in game, giving multiple rounds of feedback, and own the process of bringing them to final, shippable polish level 
 Design & iterate on content unlock & rollout 
 Integrate and finalize work in-engine 
 
 ‍ 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 4+ years industry experience 
 Portfolio showcasing F2P mobile games you have worked on 
 Ability to iterate quickly 
 Extreme attention to detail 
 Excellent communication and planning skills 
 Ability to design and configure large data sets with care 
 Experience with source control 
 Experience with Unity 
 Experience with using playtest feedback and live player data to re-tune data 
 Ability to communicate in English, both verbally and written 
 Conscientious and self-motivated 
 
 ‍ 
 HUGE PLUSSES 
 
 Experience working in Github 
 Experience with pre-planning content & mechanic rollout and difficulty curves to tune against 
 Experience designing, reviewing, and finalizing tutorials/narrative/cinematics 
 Experience managing and mentoring other designers 
 Experience balancing portions of a F2P economy 
 A love of relaxing, delightful gameplay, and beautiful worlds filled with both outdoor spaces and intimate village life 
 A strong desire to step outside of your comfort zone and learn new things 
 
 ‍ 
 WHAT ARE WE OFFERING? 
 
 Full-time role with benefits 
 Interesting, highly original work in a small, supportive and well-funded start-up led by two women who are industry veterans 
 Flexible working arrangements. Work from home wherever you may be as long as you have a reasonable number of overlapping hours with the pacific time zone (+/- 3 hours for this role) and fast, reliable internet connection 
 
 ‍ 
 Please send your full resume, references, and anything else you think we should see to  jobs@doubleloopgames.com . Candidates should also be prepared for a design test, if necessary. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Funomena is hiring a Quantitative Game Designer, Mobileto join their team into work fromAnywhereQuantitative Game Designer, MobileFunomena | AnywhereLearn More 
 lowiro is hiring a Designerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomDesignerlowiro | United KingdomLearn More 
 Theory of Games is hiring a  Game Design Consultantto join their team into work fromAnywhere Game Design ConsultantTheory of Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
