RECEIVE UPDATES FOR OUR UPCOMING WEBINARS ON EMIGRATING TO AUSTRALIA -  click here to find out more  
   
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 REGISTERED NURSES – PERIOPERATIVE 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Australia 
 Dec 07, 2020 
 
 Full time Healthcare 
 Job Description 
 Experienced, dynamic, and enthusiastic registered nurses are required to join Peri-Operative Service Nursing teams in a variety of settings throughout Australia. 
 Applicants are sought with the following attributes/skills: 
 
 A professional attitude at all times 
 Ability to communicate well with all members of the multi-disciplinary team, patients and their family 
 Knowledge and experience in surgical nursing and good understanding of the Peri-operative patient journey 
 Ability to provide patient care that meets individual needs with preservation of dignity and confidentiality 
 Delivers care that recognises patient’s rights and is sensitive to ethnic and cultural values 
 
 DOSA/Pre-assessment roles 
 Nursing staff require assessments skill to enable them to assess all elective and acute patients’ pre and post operatively. All staff work very closely with the multi-disciplinary team to ensure that the patient journey is a safe and positive experience. 
 
 Post Graduate Health Assessment is encouraged and required. 
 Ability to clearly articulate surgical instructions to patients and family 
 
 PACU roles 
 This area is where patients are recovering from their anaesthetic following surgery and before transfer to ward or discharge. Advanced life support skills are required for all nursing staff in this area and we encourage nursing staff to complete post graduate Critical Care Course. __ 
 Operating Theatre roles (Scrub Side) 
 
 At least 2 years Operating Theatre (Scrub side) experience would be preferred. 
 
 Working In have 20 years’ experience in helping overseas professionals live and work in New Zealand. 
   
 Working In Australia 
  Apply Now 
 Company profile 
 More jobs from this employer 
 Share this job: 
 Modal Window 
 About Working In Australia 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in Australia for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In New Zealand 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In Australia 
   
 Copyright  - Working In Australia 
   
