  
 
 close 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Gifts for the Heart 
 Revised Dictionary For The Book of Ruth Study 
 Free Chapter of A Mary Like Me 
 Resources for Bible Study 
 Bite of Bread Bible TV 
 A Little Restless . . . 
 
 menu 
   
 How to Know When to Let Something Go 
 Andy   January 5, 2017January 5, 2017  Categories  trusting God ,  Uncategorized Tags  How to know when to let something go ,  Obedience is better than sacrifice ,  Should I quit my job? 
 Sometimes it is difficult to know if you should let something go, like a job, or keep on doing it. It's hard to discern if we are feeling God's nudge, or our own emotions. A few years ago I worked as a care assistant for an elderly neighbor. It was the one paying job on …  Continue reading "How to Know When to Let Something Go" 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  How to know when to let something go ,  Obedience is better than sacrifice ,  Should I quit my job? 4 Comments 
 Andy Lee 
 So glad you found us! It's my prayer that every word on this site will help you feel less alone, more loved, and hungry for more of God. I'll take you deep into His Word to help you discover the LIFE inside. Come find the love, identity, faith, and eternity God wants for you one simple reading plan at a time. 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 6 Scriptures on the Kindness of God 
 
   
 
 You're Not Alone {7 Scriptures on God's Presence} 
 
   
 
 7 Scriptures On Balance in our Lives 
 
   
 
 Are You Restless? It Could be God trying to tell You something.  
 
   
 
 What God Values (You) 
 
   
 
 3 Aspects of Repentance and Why We Need to Do It Now 
 
   
 
 When God Tells You to Be Patient 
 
   
 
 How are We Blessed to be a Blessing? 
 
   
 
 A Prayer When Anxiety Won't Quiet : A New Understanding of Psalm 139 
 
   
 
 Obeying God When It's hard 
 Search a topic 
 Search for: 
 Join me on Instagram :) 
 [ 
 wordsbyandylee 
 ](https://www.instagram.com/wordsbyandylee/ "@wordsbyandylee") 
  Today’s Bite of Bread. I love when God does that  
   
  Joyful in hope... praying that by the presence and  
  Who gives you joy because of their ministry to oth  
  ... for the testing of your faith produces perseve  
  Sunrise in Southwest Oklahoma. #nofilter  
  This is the verse on the Bite of Bread today and m  
  Can’t wait to hold this little one! #grandbabies  
  Ezra’s first stocking stuffer written by @hannah  
  The joyous time of the year can be a struggle. I d  
  Load More...     Follow on Instagram 
 Our Beautiful Community 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Fresh Bible Reading Plans Monthly 
 Receive Life in Your Inbox and a free 22 Day Devotional on Psalm 119. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 Name 
 My gift to you. . . 
 Books and Studies 
 
  Words By Andy Lee Coffee Mug   $18.00 
  Chesed Jewelry (Bracelet)   $15.00 
  Chesed Jewelry (Necklace)   $18.00 
  Grace Book Bundle   $25.00 
  Ruth Bible Study (Signed Copy)   $15.00 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 / Theme: EleMate, designed by  WPDevHQ . 
 %d bloggers like this: 
