Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FT Housing Stability Workers - Mental Health Justice Supportive Housing 
 St. Leonard's Community Services London & Region 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 SLCS is currently seeking 3 full-time Housing Stability Workers for our newly established Mental Health Justice Supportive Housing Program. The new MHJ Supportive Housing Program focuses on providing supportive housing living arrangements guided by housing first philosophy and access to mental health and justice support services to adults with mental disorders or illnesses who are justice involved. As a member of this team, you will provide assessment, case management, crisis intervention, and housing stability support services to individuals through a restorative lens. 
 Working within the team, you will manage a caseload and work directly with individuals to support the establishment of personal goals which focus on accessing safe, secure housing and remaining stably housed, as well as connecting to community services, including mental health, addictions, and health/medical related supports. You will be responsible for advocating on behalf of individuals and liaising with other services (i.e. community organizations, health care services, housing, income supports, and members of the justice system) to coordinate support for individuals. 
 As a member of the MHJ Supportive Housing Program, you will contribute to the creation and ongoing development of this new program. You will also be responsible for the safety and security of clients, co-workers and the community. You will work collaboratively with other team members and community partners to complete administrative functions for the program. 
 This position is based mainly in the community and will require regular travel within London and area. The position would be working between 8am - 8pm 7 days a week within a 4 week rotation working approximately 1 weekend a month. 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 University Degree or 2 - 3 year College Diploma from an accredited institution in a related field 
 Minimum of 2 years’ experience working with individuals affected by mental illness, addiction, co-occurring disorders, and justice system involvement 
 Minimum of 2 years’ experience working with, and providing empathic, trauma-informed, recovery oriented responses to diverse populations, including individuals from indigenous communities, immigrants, and adults 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills, time management and organization skills, and the ability to work independently, be self-directed, and collaborate in a team environment 
 First Aid /CPR with AED Level C 
 Nonviolent Crisis Intervention Certification (Preferred) 
 Valid G Class Driver’s License and access to reliable vehicle 
 Candidates who are proficient in both official languages of Canada will be considered an asset 
 
 In accordance with SLCS’ policy on Police Background Checks, this position requires that the individual provide, at their own cost, a clear Police Check which includes vulnerable sector screening as a condition of employment. 
 SLCS adheres to the French Language Services Act. SLCS is also committed to promoting equity and diversity in our employment practices. As well, we are an equal opportunity employer which is committed to an inclusive and barrier free workplace, in support of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Should an applicant require accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please inform the recruitment contact and we will work with the applicant to meet the accommodation needs. 
 Visit http://www.slcs.ca/careers for more information on our programs. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $18.68 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Mental Health and/or Justice: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid & CPR Level C (Required) 
 Bachelors degree or 2-3 year community college diploma (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
