Passports and Preguntas 
 Adventures of an Adult Adoptee 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 How? 
 Where? 
 Who? 
 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 Has Hell frozen over? Whatever, who cares! 
 2 Replies 
 I HAVE A JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 I'm so damn excited!!!!! I get to use my brain every day! I'm gonna be writing narratives for urban renewal grants, working on EPA reports, and proofreading Iowa city codes. And guess what? My boss treats me like an adult! A competent, real adult! You might not think it was such a big deal, but trust me, it's not a given. I am excited to work hard and earn the amazing benefits she's giving me. I'm excited to be part of helping citizens of my beloved state get services they need. I'm excited for using my degree finally! I think I'll just wish I'd have paid more attention in Semantics…..Phonology isn't so helpful now. haha 
 The whole thing came about really organically and really quickly. I saw my new boss while working for another local company. She asked what I was up to, I told her, and she took my email address. I ended up emailing her my resume and references. Another week later she came back into the store, and we met up last week for an interview! I started yesterday and already have responsibilities and questions and research to do! 
 I was quite nervous yesterday morning and had to give myself a little pep talk! Just because things didn't work out the last time I had a(n almost) real job, doesn't mean things won't work out this time! The last job couldn't keep a person like me around for more than a couple years, but this place has employees who've been there for about 30 years! That's really saying something! I get a key this time around, which is cool. I told my boss it'd be more likely that I would be the last to leave, as opposed to being the first one there. haha She's encouraged me to volunteer so I'm excited to keep working at the Gardens in my town on Friday mornings. She's encouraged me to be on a Chamber committee! So long as I'm trusted to get my work done. Deal. 
 I'm excited to be an adult again. Someone who can pay some bills. Save some money. Visit friends. Visit my birthfamily. Buy a bigger bed. Treat my mom to something fun. Treat my friends. And generally pass on the kindness that has been shown to me by so many friends and family. No, money doesn't buy happiness, but it does buy a peace of mind. A confidence. Independence. And I can't wait 🙂 
 This entry was posted in  General Happiness ,  Job Search - Life Path  and tagged  adulthood ,  employment ,  happiness ,  job search ,  jobs ,  money ,  self-fulfillment ,  trust  on  21/12/2013  by  Angela . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What happens when a(n adoptive) parent dies? 
 So, what happened to you since we last heard from you, Angela? 
 Where have you been?! 
 Okay, what's your resolution for 2014, Ang? 
 What's gotten you in such a huff? 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2021  January 2014  December 2013  October 2013  September 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012 
 Categories 
 
 Adoptee Stuff 
 Blog Business 
 General Happiness 
 General Sadness 
 Job Search - Life Path 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Administrative Stuff 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 snippetsandsnaps 
 Potato Point and beyond 
 WE THE LEES 
 Debbie's Midwestern Kitchen 
 Here's what's happening in my kitchen and a little on the side :) 
 Challa-peño 
 My Mexican, American, Hungarian, Jewish stories and Recipes 
 Year Without God 
 a former pastor's journey into atheism 
 Global Grabers 
 Beyond Two Worlds 
 Musings of a Taiwanese-American Adoptee 
 The adopted ones blog 
 Two adoptees - one vocal the other not so much... 
 Red Thread Broken 
 Exposing the red thread myth in relation to adoption 
 Light of Day Stories 
 this is... The Neighborhood 
 the Story within the Story 
 Curly Miri 
 Antics & Adventures 
 A Live Coal in the Sea 
 "But all the wickedness in the world which man may do or think is no more to the mercy of God than a live coal dropped in the sea." –William Langland 
 smilecalm 
 Life through Mindful Media 
 Cristian Mihai 
 writes a short story every week 
 evoL = 
 Allies for equality. 
 Wardrobe Oxygen 
 Charlotte Hoather 
 Soprano 
 Already Pretty | Where style meets body image 
 Adventures of an Adult Adoptee 
 mavbocanegra 
 A Colombian Heart with a Minnesota Life and Gods Rainbow of Promise 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
