
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  /  Australia Jobs  / Study Abroad in Australia - TAFE Program, Visa Info 
 Study Abroad in Australia - TAFE Program, Visa Info 
 Australia.com  tempts us all to abandon our ordinary lives and whoop it up Down Under through the Work & Holiday visa program. Thousands of travelers from a range of countries, including Malaysia, Chile, and the United States make the journey with dreams of becoming a surf lifesaver, a cattle drover, or a wildlife warrior. But what many visa applicants don't realize is that work and leisure aren't the only ways to spend time in Oz. 
 The  Australia Work & Holiday visa  entitles its holders to study for up to four months during their one-year stay. There are no limitations on the type of study travelers embark upon. You might use the opportunity to bone up on your English skills, take a course to help your work back home, or gain new skills for a brand new vocation. 
 Australia has a reputation as one of the leading countries for learning opportunities in the world thanks to its fully qualified teachers and renowned education systems. Technical and Further Education (TAFE) colleges and other registered training organizations run short term courses in a range of topics. Many of these programs result in internationally recognized qualifications, although most employers will appreciate the effort taken in completing any Australian course. 
 Australian educational institutions work hard to support their students with their coursework and any personal issues. Many offer orientation days to help you feel comfortable with your place of learning and its teachers. During your course, many institutions also offer English language support and general counseling services. International students are common, so educators are well versed in the unique challenges you may face. 
 Some courses require prospective students to prove they have basic English skills before embarking on study. Passing recognized English language exams such as IELTS, ESOL, TEFL, or TOEIC, is usually sufficient. If your skills are lacking, enrolling in a foundation studies course offered through a TAFE college can help to improve your English. This is advisable for any travelers concerned about their ability to speak English, whether it is a mandatory requirement or not. An adequate grasp of the language will make it easier to keep up with your classmates and pass any Australian course. 
 Studying in Australia  can also be a great way to meet like-minded individuals, including locals and other travelers. Cafeterias and other common areas are ideal for socializing outside the classroom. 
 TAFE colleges and other registered training organizations offer affordable tuition, but to live comfortably you may decide to supplement your savings by working at the same time. Many full time Australian students find they can easily balance paid employment and their course load. Positions in retail and hospitality can offer flexible hours to suit many students. 
While you may immediately consider qualifications to boost your employment prospects in your homeland, why not think about courses to improve your  working potential in Oz ? For example, completing courses in the Responsible Service of Alcohol (RSA), food safety, and the Responsible Service of Gambling (RSG) can help bolster your chances of employment in the hospitality and tourism industries. Consider the sector you'd like to work in and investigate whether a little study could make this dream easier to realize. 
 If you'd like to learn more about studying in Australia, including the ways  STA Travel  can help you study abroad, browse through the excellent resources available at  Australia.com . 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs ,  Study Abroad  Tagged With:  study abroad australia ,  work abroad australia 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
