
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior Java Engineer - Enterprise Metering (Consultant) 
 Bloomberg 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior Java Engineer - Enterprise Metering (Consultant) 
 Bloomberg 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20Java%20Engineer%20%2D%20Enterprise%20Metering%20%28Consultant%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14275736/senior-java-engineer-enterprise-metering-consultant/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 7, 2021 
 Location: 
 New York, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 Our challenge is complexity at scale. As Bloomberg's Enterprise Data business has grown year over year, we see a massive explosion of financial data that our clients use. We need to build systems that support high volume data ingestion, large-scale data storage and distributed data processing. Our data captures the who, what, when, where and how of our clients' use of various Bloomberg Enterprise products. Our mission is to use this data to power operational use cases like invoicing as well as to feed our business intelligence systems. We are very sensitive to our customers' data privacy needs, and our goal is to ensure appropriate controls and audit-ability of our systems. 
 As engineers, we're the ones who build the applications our clients rely on to not just stay informed, but stay ahead of the market. We connect supply and demand across all asset classes on worldwide exchanges. The applications and infrastructure we build embody the speed, agility and financial data that makes Bloomberg the go-to for financial professionals across the globe. 
 We interact very closely with our business and sales teams using agile and iterative development. We have many opportunities to design and develop innovative solutions to accomplish ever-growing customer requirements. We're continuing to grow rapidly, and have opportunities on the following team: 
 Enterprise Metering Team 
Our clients make hundreds of thousands of requests for data on a daily basis, which translates to billions of data points that flow through our system. Each of these requests may have different parameters asking for different data types, how and when it should be fetched, and various transformations to be performed. Additionally, we generate thousands of data sets that nearly span the full range of the financial industry on an ongoing basis. 
 The metering team works primarily to calculate the billing charges for each client at the end of the month and controls entitlement of content. Metering entails running the entire dataset that every client has accessed through complex billing algorithms. This has to be done in a timely and accurate manner. To enable this we use big data technologies and frameworks. 
 The metering team is in the process of migrating a lot of legacy infrastructure into a modern big data framework leveraging big data technologies. 
 What 's in it for you: 
As a senior software engineering consultant enabling this migration: 
 
 You'll have the opportunity to develop and maintain the components that enable Metering. This will include modifying or developing new metering algorithms and implementing them using Java and frameworks of the Hadoop ecosystems. 
 You will also be involved in coordinating, planning, rolling out and testing regular planned updates to the production system. 
 You will have the opportunity to learn the challenges in design and maintenance of high availability high volume enterprise systems. 
 
 We 'll trust you to: 
 
 Complete projects that required significant problem solving, communication skills and the ability to work with a team 
 Collaboratively design and develop components consistent with industry standards, project specific design principles and frameworks 
 Work with engineering and product teams across Bloomberg and understand their application requirements and data access patterns 
 Be willing to tackle new challenges, learn new technologies quickly 
 
 You 'll need to have: 
 
 3+ years of experience in Java 
 Strong problem solving skills and knowledge of commonly used data structures 
 Experience working in fast paced Continuous Delivery project 
 Ability to effectively communicate within the team and with stakeholders outside the team 
 
 We 'd love to see: 
 
 Experience with Python development 
 Experience with some other compiled languages such as C, C++ 
 Relational database experience (SQL and table design) 
 Experience with low-latency, high-volume, and highly-availability distributed systems 
 Experience with the Hadoop ecosystem 
 
 We are extremely proud of our diverse and open culture, and value diversity of thought and perspective in every form. We're looking for engineers with a real passion for writing reusable, efficient solutions to complex problems, who can adapt to an ever-changing market landscape, and who can collaborate and work effectively on small teams to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world. If this sounds like you, please apply below! 
 To find out more about Engineering at Bloomberg, check out www.bloomberg.com/careers/technology/engineering/. 
 Bloomberg is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 8641688 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at Bloomberg 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
