Workspot Home 
 
 What is Workspot 
 
 Workspot Control 
 Workspot Client 
 Customer Success 
 Product Configurations 
 Risk Management 
 
 
 Cloud Solutions 
 
 Cloud Desktops 
 
 Why Workspot Cloud Desktops? 
 Cloud Desktop Customer Success 
 VDI Cost Calculator 
 Cloud Desktop Resources 
 Cloud Desktop Case Studies 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
 
 Cloud Workstations 
 
 Why Cloud Workstations? 
 Cloud Workstation Resources 
 Cloud Workstation Case Studies 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
 
 Business Continuity 
 Session-based Desktops & Apps 
 Hybrid Cloud VDI 
 
 
 Industries 
 
 AEC 
 Financial Services 
 Legal 
 Life Sciences 
 Healthcare 
 Manufacturing 
 Retail 
 Education 
 
 
 Use Cases 
 
 Secure Remote Work 
 Empower Remote Workforce 
 Simplify PC Hardware Refresh 
 Strengthen Zero Trust Security 
 Improve Project Collaboration 
 High-Performance Computing 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Videos, Whitepapers & Webinars 
 Customer Stories 
 FAQs 
 
 
 Partners 
 
 Google 
 Microsoft 
 Solution Partners 
 Technology Partners 
 
 
 Support 
 
 I Need Support 
 Support Plans 
 Admin Login 
 Service Status 
 Workspot Client Download 
 
 
 Company 
 
 About Workspot 
 Events 
 News 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Media Resources 
 GDPR Commitment 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 
 Schedule a Demo 
 Press and Media 
 Workspot in the News 
 Not your grandpa’s office: Americans are telecommuting and using their smartphones more in their jobs 
 June 20, 2015September 19, 2020 
 
 Not so long ago, staying at  home  meant taking a day off from work, relaxing, and, quite literally, disconnecting from the trials and tribulations of the office. But in our increasingly digitized day and age, work-life balance is becoming harder and harder to maintain as the line between the  home  and the  home  office is blurred. According to a new set of findings released by Workspot  exclusively to Digital Trends, the evolution of the American workplace and workforce shows a growing number of U.S. workers working remotely and using their smartphones or other wireless devices to remain connected to their jobs at all times. 
 
 Workspot Infographic 
 First, there’s the movement away from going to the office to do work. According to Workspot’s sources, 84 percent of Americans telecommute more than once a month, and nearly one in four do so on a weekly basis. In fact, so prevalent is this trend that over 40 percent of companies have adopted telecommuting policies to better accommodate employees who prefer to complete their tasks from the comfort of their own home. And while sitting in bed while sending work emails may seem like a great idea every once in awhile, some companies may inadvertently weaken their collaborative culture when no one ever sees his or her colleagues. 
 Still, freelancers, most of whom are telecommuters, are a huge part of the American workforce, contributing more than $715 billion to the American economy. And given that some 53 million Americans consider themselves freelancers, this means that about a third of the workforce is working on their own schedule. 
 
 There’s also been a distinct shift in the working population, with around 10,000 baby boomers (those born between 1946 and 1964) retiring every single day. And while millenials (those born in the last 20 years of the 20th century) comprise 32 percent of the workforce today, by 2030, it is estimated that three out of every four American workers will have been born between 1980 and 2000. And with this generation being one that grew up practically attached to technology, the implications for how this will affect the workplace are potentially huge. 
 
 Related:   We like it! This app won’t let you check work email when you’re off hours 
 Finally, there’s the increased reliance on  mobile  technology — namely cellphones — in the workplace, with 90 percent of Americans using their personal smartphones for work. It seems difficult to imagine a  business  that could complete day-to-day operations sans Internet, and according to Workspot, 45 percent of businesses say that wireless is “essential” to their everyday functions. Moreover, 64 percent of companies say that “providing more mobility support for employees” is a huge priority, which sounds a lot like ensuring that their employees are reachable 24/7. And given that about a third of millenials say they use at least three devices at work (a tablet, a computer, and a smartphone), it seems that this mobility is already built into many a company’s DNA. 
 This isn’t your grandmother’s workplace, kids. And in another few decades, it may not be ours either. 
 Read more:  https://www.digitaltrends.com/business/evolution-american-workplace-workforce/#ixzz3mPIV1bLZ 
 Experience a Live Demo 
 Workspot is a SaaS platform that enables enterprise IT teams to easily deploy and manage Windows 10 cloud desktops anywhere in the world, with exceptional performance users love! 
 Schedule a Demo 
   
 
 Company
 
 About 
 Why Workspot 
 Resources 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Explore
 
 News 
 Blog 
 Careers 
 Customers 
 Partners 
 
 
 Connect
 
 Support 
 Innovative Deployment Model 
 Admin Login 
 App Download 
 Qualified Multitenant Hoster 
 Privacy Policy 
 Legal 
 
 
 
           
