Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier and Food Preparation 
 Banh Mi Boys 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Banh Mi Boys is currently seeking part-time and full-time employees to become Cashiers and Food Assemblers. 
 Are you an individual that thrives under pressure, works with a sense of urgency, and has a passion for customer service and food? You might be exactly who we are looking for! 
 Our Cashiers are the face of our stores! You're the first individual to make an impression with our guests so it's important that you are focused on customer service, have strong communication skills, and are able to help our guests with any questions they may have. 
 Our Food Assemblers are primarily responsible for assembling our menu items and sending the orders off. This means that we are looking for an individual that has the ability to work fast, multitask, and retain ingredient and toppings information for an efficient service. 
 Due to COVID-19, Banh Mi Boys has taken the following steps to ensure the safety of our team and guests: 
 - As per Government of Canada mandates, all orders are for take-out 
 - We have updated our sanitation and hygiene protocols in order to provide a clean and safe environment for all 
 - We keep our in-house teams at a maximum of 3 people per kitchen, allowing for safe distance and minimal contact 
 - We assess all incoming employees on a daily basis with a wellness check. Just by answering a few questions, you can rest easy knowing that you are working alongside team members that have cleared this assessment and are in proper health 
 - We have installed Plexiglas at all of our cashier stations, increasing our team's protection by eliminating all contact with others 
 - Staff are given the option of using company-provided face shields or face masks or may bring their own reusable face mask to use while on duty 
 - We have set up hand sanitizing stations at the entrance of our locations in order to encourage safety within our communities 
 Previous work experience in a kitchen setting is an asset but not necessary. Please apply with your resume and our General Manager will contact you directly to set up a phone-interview! 
 Part-time hours: 12-25 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: From $14.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Tips 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
