Informed Educational Solutions 
 Your Personal Guidance Counselor 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Our Website 
 Press 
 Student Login 
 Student Survey 
 
 <- Be Your Best Self 
 College Degree & Career -> 
 College Degree & Career 
 Posted on  December 19, 2016  by  reesesarahc 
 “College” Means Many Things 
 It is generally recognized that a college degree today is roughly equivalent to a high school diploma a century ago. Post-secondary education is essential to assure a life of upward mobility, especially in light of the changing characteristics of America’s workforce in the 21st Century. Flexibility is the operant word in the job market, and every participant must be prepared to change jobs – even career paths – numerous times in the course of a working lifetime. 
 If high school is a time to cram seemingly useless facts into the memory bank, then college, in all its configurations, is a time for developing real skills and learning how to learn. Today, most cell phones carry much more information than the greatest libraries on earth. The trick is to know what to ask and what to do with the answers. This ability to synthesize endless facts into patterns that can become knowledge is one that matures after the high school years for most people. It is during that post-secondary educational moment that much of life’s skillset is refined for the long haul. 
 Given the importance of the four years after high school as a seedbed for future harvest, it is critical to fill that time productively. While the emphasis in this essay is upon traditional college or university enrollment, there are many alternative avenues available for the journey to competency in something. (And it is competency, and finding a career interest resistant to takeover by a robot, that will determine long-term success in life.) Community college, junior college, two-year college followed by a transfer to a bachelor’s degree, the military services, traditional four-year university degree options: these and other avenues offer clear paths to adult competency, which is the real objective of a college experience. 
 A motivated student in a community college can have a vastly more productive learning experience than a less enthusiastic student in a more prestigious institution. Successful individuals emerge from every type of post-secondary experience, so it would be unwise to diminish anyone’s credentials before knowing what that person has done with what was available. In very little time after the conclusion of the college experience, whatever its dimensions, few will remember a person’s pedigree; yet everyone will be able to see clearly the level of competency that has resulted. The highest possible composite GPA is the single indicator of effort paid and competency developed. 
 The opportunity to attend a four-year undergraduate degree program is a great privilege and certainly at the top of the heap of post-secondary educational options. The stronger the college or university, the greater the probability of high level employment thereafter. There are exceptions, but that is the rule. Stronger initial employment is associated with higher starting salaries. Higher starting salaries lead to bigger bonuses and raises, even when the raise is at the same percentage as that of a lower priced employee. The lower salaried employee never catches up and, in fact, loses ground with each raise. 
 The logistics and finances associated with attending college differ greatly from person to person, and the burden on most families is considerable. In cases where money is the central impediment, weighing the costs of a degree by pricing each credit hour individually is one place to start. If an undergraduate degree requires fulfillment of 130 semester hours, for example, the cost per credit at a community college could be one-tenth the cost at a prestigious private college. To save resources, the first two years worth of credits could be taken at a community college, after which a transfer could be made to a bigger name school. Students with impressive GPAs from community colleges or branch campuses can transfer “up” after two years with little impediment. SAT/ACT scores are often not required at this stage, and admissions decision are based entirely on success in coursework. 
 The eventual degree will come from the second school, and no one will be the wiser! 
 We are seeing increasing number of students planning to major in a specifically career-oriented field: STEM, business, communications, etc. In today’s rapidly changing job market, we believe this to be wise. There is still time to pursue music or psychology courses that are of interest while preparing for a career in a specific field. 
 However the bill is paid, data clearly show the positive impact of a college education in terms of lifetime earnings. College graduates earn more than high school graduates starting at their first post-college jobs, and the gap keeps widening. College graduates who do obtain a professional job right after college do better than purely high school graduates, but never catch up financially with their peers who got right into a first job. Spending time in the campus career planning office beginning in the sophomore year is important. Internships when well executed yield post-college job offers. Campus job fairs bring employers right to college seniors. 
 There are also many, non-monetary benefits to the college experience, and they continue to pay dividends throughout one’s life, in key areas like self-esteem, self-knowledge, the ability to adapt, enhanced social position in the community, and job promotion. Once achieved, the degree never stops giving back. 
 Carter P. Reese Informed Educational Solutions 
 This is the fifth in a series of blogs written for parents of younger students, junior high age or so, who are thinking ahead about college admissions. We firmly believe that planning ahead can yield enormous benefits, and reduce anxiety about the transition from high school to college. 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Be Your Best Self 
 College Degree & Career -> 
 1 Response to  College Degree & Career 
 
 Pingback:  College Degree & Career | Informed Educational Solutions 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 An Extra Year 
 An Extra Year 
 Accept The Challenge 
 Accept The Challenge 
 College Degree & Career 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category 10th Grade 11th Grade 12th Grade Academic Consultant ACT ACT Advanced Placement Advanced Placement Amherst AP Courses Applications Athletics Basketball Basketball Best Fit School boarding school Boarding School Tours Brown University Bryn Mawr College Bucknell University CA4 Campus Politics Campus setting Career Planning Careers Carter P. Reese Choosing a Major Class Rank Class size College College Admission Statistics College Admissions College Applications College Credit Ratings College Essay College Majors College of Charleston college professor College Rankings College Scholarships College Tours College Yield Colleges in the News Columbia Common App Common Application Common Application Communicating with your teen Communication community service Confident Children Cornell Cornell Coursera CourseSmart Cure for Procrastination Cyberlearning Dartmouth Deferred demonstrated interest Digital Media Division 1 Duke University Duke University Early Action Early Decision Education Educational Consultant Educational Counselor Educational Solutions Endowments Engineering Essay Extra Year FAFSA FAFSA Film Studies Financial Aid Financial Aid Financial Considerations in Educational Choics Financial Stability of Colleges Financing College Florida Atlantic University FM vs. IM friends Gap Year Graduate School Grants Grinnell Harvard Harvard Business School helicopter parent High School High School Courses High School Grades Hofstra University homeschool homework Honors College Informed Educational Solutions International Studies internships Ivy League jobs jobs for teens jobs of the future Johns Hopkins University Junior High School Junior Year Jupiter Campus Large Endowment Legal Action Liberal Arts March Madness Math Merit Aid MOOC Multitasking NACAC NACAC State of College Admissions NCAA Northwestern University Online Learning Optimized Educational Placement options in k12 education parenting peer groups peer pressure Pell Grant Phi Beta Kappa Chapter Plus Loans Post Graduate Year Pre-Med Princeton University Princeton University Private School Private School Tours private universities Probability for Admission PROFILE public universities Rape Reading Recommendations repeat year Sandy Aprahamian Sarah C. Reese SAT SAT Scholarships Scholarships School Interview School Interview School Options school size school success School Tours K12 Selecting a College Self-Assessment Senior Year siblings social fit Sophomore Year specialized interests Standardized Tests State of College Admission stealth parent student athlete Student Loans Student Loans Study Skills Summer Enrichment Summer Reading summer slide TCK Teen Self-Confidence Teens Test Prep The Future of Education Theater Third Culture Kids Time Management Timing the Application tough love Tsingua University Tulane UK Universities Uncategorized United Nations Semester University of Louisville University of Louisville University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania University Strenghths US News and World Report Verterinarian Veterinarian Waitlist Wellesley Westtown School work-study Writing Yale Yale School of Architecture Yeshiva 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 October 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook 
 
 
 
 TWEETED 
 
 Swarthmore students sit in at fraternity house after sexual assault allegations   insidehighered.com/news/2019/04/3…   1 year ago 
 Latest MIT Prank: Captain America's Shield   insidehighered.com/quicktakes/201…   1 year ago 
 Study finds women dropping out of premed science courses at higher rates than men   insidehighered.com/news/2019/04/1…   1 year ago 
 Planning is Key to Successful Community College Transfer   admitted.nacacnet.org/wordpress/inde…   1 year ago 
 Get Involved with NACAC’s STEM College and Career Fairs   admitted.nacacnet.org/wordpress/inde…   1 year ago 
 Follow @myIESolutions 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 480 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
  Informed Educational Solutions  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
