
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Posts 
 
 Manufacturing Interview: How Should You Dress?   
 Job Search 
 The general rule for interview attire is 'dress for the job you want, not the job you have.' While this is frequently quoted, it can be confusing when it comes to more casual companies or uniform-based positions. It also varies by industry, whether it's blue collar work or located in an office. If you're  interviewing for a manufacturing job , here are some tips for what to wear. 
 
 Start by researching the company 
 Before you make assumptions based on industry, do some research about the company and the people who will be conducting the interview. From this, you can get a feel for the atmosphere and decide if a formal look, like a suit, is required. 
 Aim for your best casual 
 If the company seems like a more casual yet professional kind of workplace, your goal should be your best casual. This means dark jeans without rips, wear, or fraying, and a nice shirt, usually a button down or polo. Women can still wear a skirt or dress, but it doesn't need to have a suit jacket. 
 More than the style of what you wear, make sure the appearance of the items looks put together. This means the items need to match and be clean. Avoid clothing that's old with faded colors. You want to fit into the atmosphere without looking like you just came in from doing yard work. 
 Keep covered up 
 Even in a more casual environment, you still want to look professional which means avoiding exposing too much skin. This can relate to the arms if wearing a tank top and legs if wearing shorts or a skirt. If too much skin is exposed, it may be the only thing that stands out about you. 
 It's also important to check the length of your shirt, especially if you aren't tucking it in. You don't want to reach for a handshake and expose your stomach. 
 Choose minimal accessories 
 Like too much exposure, accessories in excess can speak louder than your qualifications so you want to keep your look simple. This includes avoiding heavy and/or bright jewelry, as well as a favorite hat. Even if you're never without it, an interview isn't the time to stand by that. Leave it in the car until you're done. 
 Jumpstart your job search 
 When you're looking for a new career in manufacturing, trust Workbox Staffing to find the right opportunity for you. Our manufacturing staffing has the roles you're looking for, like assembly workers, quality control, welders, and more!  Find a position on our job board  today or  give us a call  to get started! 
 
 July 31, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Manufacturing-Interview-How-Should-You-Dress.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-07-31 11:00:282019-06-17 13:09:36Manufacturing Interview: How Should You Dress? 
 
 5 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It   
 Professional Development 
 It can be hard to identify a plateau at first. In fact, they're almost defined by the continued movement at the same level without variation. Things at work may still be going smoothly so you don't notice the lack of advancement or new challenges. Perhaps you don't realize you're experiencing one now. If you're unsure, here are  five signs you hit a plateau in your career  and how you can fix it. 
 
 1. You don 't come to work with a passion 
 When you first started your job, you were likely excited to the do the work or at least to learn how. Now, every day is part of your routine with small variations. You don't hate the work, but there's no emotion behind any of it. 
 How to fix it  : Talk to your supervisor about new projects or working with other departments to help you regain some of your lost passion for the work. 
 **2. You 've stopped learning ** 
 Similar to passion, when you first start in a role it's a marathon of learning new things. As time goes on, you stop learning new things and instead are complacent with what you know. Beyond the lack of new knowledge, you recognize you no longer have the desire to do it. 
 How to fix it  : Invest in your field more. Read about changes in your industry and new technologies and think about ways you can apply it to your position. If you try this and still have no positive reaction, you may have outgrown your role. 
 3. Your personal life is or has been chaotic 
 In some cases, a career plateau welcomes stability while your personal life is upended. In the midst of dealing with it, you may have stopped paying attention to your work. As long you're still doing your job effectively, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. 
 How to fix it  : Examine your life now. Do you still need the comfort of your plateaued position or in the relative calm of your life do you recognize it's time for a change? 
 4. You have nowhere left to grow at your company 
 Plateaus can be forced upon an employee because there just isn't anywhere else to go. Take a look at your company structure. Have you become comfortable in this place because you know there isn't something more? 
 How to fix it  : Talk about your aspirations with your supervisor. Determine what else you can do and if it's ultimately time to move on with your career. 
 5. Your contribution is lacking 
 It's true you're doing the work as it needs done, but are you leaving anything meaningful? You have your gifts and skills, but you feel like they're going to waste where you are. 
 How to fix it:  Look for creative ways to get involved at work. Maybe it's in joining a new project or committee and find ways to use your skills and gifts differently. 
 Make the big fix with Workbox Staffing 
 If you've tried all of these solutions and still feel like you're going nowhere, it might be time for a new job. Empower yourself for a better tomorrow and  contact Workbox Staffing  today. 
 
 July 2, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/5-Signs-Youve-Hit-a-Plateau-in-Your-Career-and-How-to-Fix-It.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-07-02 11:00:022019-06-17 13:11:205 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It 
 
 How To Boost Your Manufacturing Career Growth   
 Professional Development 
 If you currently  work in the manufacturing industry , reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicating opportunities in the sector will continue to decrease probably isn't comforting news. While this is creating less new positions, it doesn't mean there isn't room for advancement. 
 With approximately 10,000 members of the baby boomer generation retiring each day, many senior positions are opening up to younger employees. Below are a few ways you can boost your manufacturing career to be a contender for these positions. 
 
 Focus on Your Results 
 If you want to prove you're capable and deserving of a promotion, you need to stand on more than just your opinion of yourself. When you focus on your results and what you've accomplished, you create a compelling argument for why you're worthy. Companies want to promote effective leaders, and consistent positive results could be your way up. 
 Connect With Leaders in Your Company 
 If you want to be considered for advancement, it helps to be known. Make it a point to know your supervisors and company leaders, and make sure they know you. Begin by focusing on the relationship with your immediate boss and continue working from there. This allows you to get to know them better, find out what they're looking for, and express your ambitions. 
 Be Professional in Every Interaction 
 It's easy to slip into water cooler talk and personal relationships with co-workers, but in some cases, these can hurt your chances at a promotion. Management may worry about your close ties with the people you'd have to manage and ultimately pass on you, despite your abilities. Having a good relationship with your team is vital, but keep it professional to prove you can separate work from personal matters. 
 Continue Your Education 
 In general, you should never stop learning, especially when it comes to manufacturing. Technology never stops evolving, meaning there's always something new for you to pick up. Beyond just technical awareness, it's wise to pursue additional education, including both under- and post-graduate degrees. 
 Jumpstart Your Job Search 
 If you're ready to advance your manufacturing career, trust Workbox Staffing to help make the connections. We'll pair you with a personalized career coach who will learn about your skills and what you're looking for in a new position. Then we'll find the perfect job for you.  Request a call today  to empower yourself for a better tomorrow. 
 
 April 24, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/How-to-Boost-Your-Manufacturing-Career-Growth.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-04-24 11:00:232019-05-21 13:26:22How To Boost Your Manufacturing Career Growth 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
