Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Operational Control 
 CIBC Mellon 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Information: 
CIBC Mellon is a leading provider of asset servicing solutions to institutional investors in Canada, including multi-currency accounting, fund valuation, and investment information reporting. We are passionate about providing exceptional client service backed by our culture of innovation and success. Our outstanding employee experience will provide you with opportunities to learn and grow professionally while supporting the communities in which you live and work. 
 We are a diverse and dynamic workplace where employees take an active role in delivering on strategic objectives while advancing their individual career goals. We encourage innovative thinking and give our employees the support and resources they need to turn great ideas into actions. 
 We’re always looking for talented people who can make a meaningful difference for our clients, our company and our communities. To learn more about why our employees love coming to work each day, visit www.cibcmellon.com/experience. 
 Position Overview: 
The Manager, Operational Control, overall key responsibility is to partner with the Operation’s Management team to ensure that the control culture across all areas of responsibility is embedded, sound and meeting client needs.The Fund Accounting and Financial Reporting and Tax department will be the key area of control oversight with a requirement to support other departments as required. The Operational Control manager will complete all control and risk management responsibilities for assigned business units in accordance with Corporate Policies and Procedures, Regulatory requirements and Legal practices. 
 Responsibilities: 
Control Testing 
 
 Develop and execute on defined testing plans to test for both operational and regulatory controls. 
 Work with the business units to highlight areas of concern. 
 Drive consistent and effective control standards. 
 Perform periodic focused process/control design reviews to ensure risks are correctly identified and managed. 
 Produce monthly management reporting of control testing results and other key risk and control metrics 
 Conduct regular meetings with the lines of business, Risk, Control, Audit and the senior management team at CIBC Mellon to discuss control testing results and action plans. 
 
 Control and Risk Education 
 
 Develop and deliver a control and risk based education plan with the business. 
 Educate the business on control and risk and ensure best practices are shared. 
 Ensure corporate policies and procedures are adopted/implemented in the business. 
 
 Operational Risk Support 
 
 Analyze errors, near misses and significant events to identify root causes. Ensure the implementation of appropriate controls to address process gaps. 
 Facilitate root cause discussions with the business pertaining to errors and develop testing plans on actions. 
 Track loss events for trends and monitor action plans. 
 Partner with the business to manage their Risk and Control Self-Assessment documentation: 
 Assess the quality of the RCSA. 
 Assist with the update of the RCSA. 
 Track status of action plans and gaps 
 Challenge the controls documented in the RCSA 
 
 System and Organization Controls(SOC1) Support/Audit Support 
 
 Partner with the lines of business to support the SOC1 (System and Organization Controls Report) planning, fieldwork, reporting, project status tracking process. Act as the conduit for Internal Audit and External Audit queries related to the SOC1. 
 Participate in client meetings to discuss the SOC1 report. 
 Assist the lines of business with audit preparation: coordination of audit; review issues and ensure action plans close the risk. 
 
 Client Support: 
 
 Promote the CIBC Mellon Operational Control program at client meetings. 
 
 Other Responsibilities 
 
 Develop a detailed understanding of the operations, processes, risks and controls of the assigned business units. 
 Support the business by making recommendations for process changes, control enhancements and changes/improvements in procedures and operational tools. 
 Participate in new initiatives or new business development processes to assist in control related topics. 
 Identify significant business changes and where appropriate direct and / or coordinate preparation of required analysis to review changes, ensure proper mitigating controls, and approval for changes. 
 
 Interface with Corporate Risk Management, Corporate Compliance, Internal Audit, External Audit and Regulators where required. 
 
 Escalate issues to Management as they arise and ensure appropriate reporting and follow up on open issues. 
 Participate in relevant risk and control meetings 
 Represent Operational Control on various internal committees 
 Complete special projects as required. 
 Oversee control staff within the business unit including people management activities -review staff performance, attendance overtime and training and administering any corrective action as necessary. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 8 to 10 years of Fund Accounting, Audit and/or Risk related experience. 
 Bachelor's Degree required. Previous risk and audit experience a plus. 
 Candidate must have a minimum of 6 years of Supervisory experience and excellent oral and written communication skills. 
 Attention to detail, excellent organizational skills, ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment. 
 Must be able to adapt to a changing environment. 
 Travel between CIBC Mellon GTA locations 
 
 CIBC Mellon 's Values: 
 Get it Right Every Day:  Deliver service excellence while always acting with the highest ethical standards 
 Put Clients at the Centre:  Advocate for clients by listening, sharing knowledge, and bringing the right solutions forward 
 Be One Family:  Challenge, empower and recognize your colleagues 
 Take Ownership:  Speak up, speak out, and make things better 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
