Skip to content 
 
 
 Artist, Writer, Speaker 
 Menu 
 
 Dan Thompson 
 Writer 
 Artist 
 Consultant 
 Designer 
 Contact 
 Art Blog 
 
 In Margate, still making the case I made in Worthing; creativity equals jobs. 
 Posted on  February 14, 2017  by  danthompson33 
 We know that steel’s an industry, that car-making in the UK means jobs, and that coal-mining’s real work. But what about a British industry that’s one pixel deep, that sees big companies operate from spare rooms, and where the raw materials are whatever the imagination can make? 
 Kent’s GEEK festival  celebrates the UK’s computer games industry, and the creative sector jobs built around it. 
 And here in Margate, as part of the team helping make GEEK happen this year, I find myself making the same arguments for the creative sector I had to make in Worthing between 2000-2005. Back then, the case that creativity was jobs was a hard one to make in a town that had little imagination. I argued for a future, but made sure it was firmly rooted in the town's past - a town with a creative leyline running from  Oscar Wilde  to  Mick Farren  through to  Jamie Hewlett  and  Travis Elborough  and  Deborah Coughlin . But some of the ideas I pushed became embedded in the Worthing Evolution masterplan;  East Beach Studios , for example, is a direct result of making that case to the council and local business groups. I didn't get the Tate Worthing I wanted, though; and  Turner Contemporary  shows what Worthing didn't get. 
 But what could Margate get, if GEEK makes the case well enough? Nesta and Ukie has estimated that the UK games industry could be contributing £1.72bn to the country’s economy - more than the UK’s steel industry. 95% of games companies are classified as small or micro businesses. But in that Nesta & Ukie study, the 1902 video games companies they looked at employ approximately 9200 creative staff and indirectly support more than 16,800 jobs. 95% of UK games businesses export at least some of their games and services to overseas markets. 
 The education sector is starting to see the games industry as an important sector for future jobs, too. 56 universities are running over 140 video games development courses throughout the UK. 
 When the Games Developer Conference polled 400-plus games professionals across Europe it found that the UK emerged top as the best source of games in the last ten years - and as the most likely source of the best games five years from now. 
 Games sales outstrip video in the UK, and more than twice as much is spent on games as on music. And the people playing the games this huge UK industry makes might not be who you expect, either. The UK gamer audience has now hit 33.5 million - that’s 69% of the population. Because of the rise in puzzle and trivia game apps, there are now more women playing video games in the UK than men. Seven out of ten Britons have played some form of video game in the last 6 months and more people 45+ are playing than under 20s 
 “In an area like East Kent where physical connectivity can be a problem for companies, digital connectivity could be the way to build solid and sustainable jobs,” says GEEK’s director Kate Kneale, “so while the economic development people always look to attract a big employer, we’re saying - why not attract lots of small ones instead?” 
 GEEK was started by the team from Kneale’s design company  HKD  in 2012. With an interest in art and science, HKD projects are designed to help people meet, make new work, and play together. HKD have recently designed new galleries for Science Centre Singapore, and are currently involved in the design of the Hong Kong Space Museum. In the UK, they are working at Delapré Abbey, Northampton and Gods House Tower, Southampton. 
 GEEK celebrates the colourful culture around computer games and gaming, but also lets people meet to talk about the economic importance of the creative industries in East Kent. 
 GEEK comes to Dreamland, Margate  in February half term, from 17th-19th February. Alongside hundreds of games, it includes a programme of talks and workshops which touch on employment in the gaming industry. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Art ,  Place 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Margate's Playful History 
 Next Post From Wasteland to Wasteland 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 What people say 
 Natural capital gets lots of air time because banks - in their ongoing quest to own the world - like to invest. Social capital? Not so much. They're so tricky, humans, aren't they - with their foibles and need to be treated humanely? Dan Thompson bangs the drum on behalf of all of us. He is expert at unlocking potential in people and places that are ignored. If he was in the private sector he'd have a knighthood! 
 Lucy Siegle, Eco writer, founder Observer Ethical Awards, broadcaster, The One Show 
 DT is a visionary, an artist with a heartfelt sense of what matters in the real world, and the gumption to make it happen, not once but often. It's unusual to spend time with Dan and not to come away inspired. 
 John-Paul Flintoff, journalist and author of How To Change The World 
 Dan Thompson showed the best of Britain by helping organise the clean-up operation after last summer’s riots. 
 David Cameron, Prime Minister 
 Dan's art practice reflects social and cultural themes found by working with the local communities. The results are both democratic and critically challenging for audience and participants alike. 
 Julia Riddiough Founder A Brooks Art www.abrooksart.com 
 Our relationship with Dan goes back many years, initially to Worthing and Shoreham where, as an artist, collector, activist and organiser, he booked The Caravan Gallery to participate in various cultural events. These were frequently curtailed due to bad weather, our involvement being the obvious cause. 
 This has not stopped us collaborating over the years in various parts of the country, at festivals and on empty shop projects, where Dan's knowledge, enthusiasm and love of 'characterful' B&Bs is second to none. 
 We look forward to the next time, but can't promise there won't be torrential rain. 
 The Caravan Gallery 
 Fervent anti-UKIP activist 
 UKIP Spokesman 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 
 
 
 Search danthompson.co.uk 
 Search for: 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 @ mr_spoon  Don't worry. My 12 year old is completely demotivated and I don't blame her - the work that's being set i…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   11 minutes ago 
 RT @ artistsmakers : Hold on, were the Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood paintings about  #lockdown ?  https://t.co/QxS6mwBJfU   2 hours ago 
 RT @ artistsmakers : Wild Thoughts - a celebration of two fundamental freedoms: the right to creative expression and the right to roam the co…  2 hours ago 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Creative Work 
 Back and Fill Margate 
 The Sea Is A Poem 
 The Kindred of the Kibbo Kift 
 A Printer's Diary, 1938 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Art Christmas 2012 Consultancy design DIY Culture Eden England Poems Estuary Fanzines Gardening London Road Marketing Music photography Pillar Street Place play poetry Politics Pop up culture Social Arts social media Talks & Workshops Theatre tribevtribe Turner Translate Uncategorized urbanism Videos Websites writing Your England 
 From Flickr 
 
  More Photos  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
