Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Commodities 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Under the leadership of the Director, Commodities & Joint Business Planning, the Manager, Commodities manages all cost changes on the health and beauty, drug, natural value, and home and entertainment category desks by reviewing, analyzing, and evaluating changes to product costs and producing materials to support Loblaw key strategic sourcing initiatives to ensure that LCL has the best cost of goods. They are also the team’s key lead on special projects related to the development of tools and technology used by the group and capability / performance improvement moving forward. 
 Accountabilities: 
Cost of goods Increase Management 
 Review, analyze, quantify, and communicate findings on all supplier proposed cost changes 
Manage the process of each negotiation. This requires coordinating with other members of the commodities team, merchandising, procurement, and control brand sourcing teams 
As needed, meet with suppliers to advocate LCL’s position with partner stakeholder groups to drive successful, compliant resolution 
 Cost Improvement & Strategic Sourcing 
 Identify opportunities for cost improvement throughout the business from available market data and Loblaw insights. Work with the Sr. Analyst, Commodities in creating materials supporting these initiatives and manage conversations with vendors to deliver results 
Leverage business trends along with category and supplier performance data to identify specific opportunities requiring attention through cost of goods reductions 
Identify opportunities for additional rollout of proactive cost model programs or “open book” agreements with vendors. Support the improvement of existing deals, and create the framework for enhancement of the program to more commodity driven cost models. 
 Process Improvement 
 Lead the exercise of rolling out cost models for a category commodity cost dashboard for the total business. Work with other commodity managers, fresh procurement directors, category directors, and control brand sourcing managers to develop a commodity database driving specific category product price indexes to be incorporated with LCL financials to inform decision making and target cost reduction initiatives 
Work with the Director, Commodities & Joint Business Planning to expand on other incremental business opportunities for the commodities team including process automation, enhancement of commodity market analytics publications, and the President’s Choice Vendor Advantage program (PCVA) 
Work with costing team, merchandising, and control brand sourcing to socialize LCL compliance policies, and ensure adherence to our required practices 
 Requirements : 
University degree in business, economics, mathematics, or a related field 
3-5 years relevant experience with foundational understanding of commodity markets, procurement, retail finance, or merchandising 
Strong problem solving and analytical skills, a curious & creative thinker with an ability to apply new knowledge 
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills with some experience with macros considered a plus. 
Ability to self-initiate and work independently and as part of a team to deliver results 
Strong written and oral communication, and time management skills 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
