Skip to content 
  Work For Future Now  
 Achieve Financial Freedom with Passive Incomes! 
 Menu 
 
 Make Money Online 
 Service 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Easy Cash Job Review - Is easycashjob.com Scam? [User's Experience] 
  by  Jayden 
 Welcome to my Easy Cash Job Review ! 
 Easy Cash Job is a program that promises to help you make money easily. Basically, you can make money by sharing referral link and doing simple tasks online. In this review, I will show you everything about Easy Cash Job that you need to know before joining them. 
 This review consists of information like: 
 
 What is Easy Cash Job? 
 How to Join Easy Cash Job? 
 How Does Easy Cash Job Really Work? 
 What Do I like about Easy Cash Job? 
 What Don’t I like about Easy Cash Job? 
 Who Is Easy Cash Job for? 
 Is Easy Cash Job A Scam? 
 
 Before I start, I must congratulate you for spending time to do your own research about the truthfulness of any program. 
 It is important to check a program’s review before buying it because there are too many scammers online! 
 I am not associated with  Easy Cash Job  in any way so rest assured that I am not here to sell you anything. 
 How to Make $100k Per Year Passive Income? 
 
 Please feel free to check  how to make 4 figure passive income here . 
 Easy Cash Job Review Summary 
 Product Name: Easy Cash Job 
 Author: Unknown 
 Product Type: GPT 
 Price: Free to Join 
 Rating: 2/10 
 What is Easy Cash Job? 
 Easy Cash Job(ECJ) is a website that claims to let you make money by either sharing the referral link or work on some simple tasks for them. 
 It is similar to many programs that I have reviewed before. These sites are generally called get paid to(GPT) sites. Because essentially you are paid to complete certain tasks for them. 
 For example, you could be asked to fill up surveys, data entry or testing mobile app. 
 This is a legit way to make money online. In fact, companies like  InboxDollars and Swaybucks  have been doing this for years. 
 The official website easycashjob.com was launched in April 2019. 
 So it is a relatively new company as of writing this review. Now, let’s see how to make money with them. 
 How to Join Easy Cash Job? 
 You need to provide information like your name, email, birthday, gender and password in order to register for an account. 
 The process is actually quite simple and after that you will get access to the member area. 
 Then, you will share your referral link to make money. You can earn $1 for each referral registered through your link. 
 Other than that, you can also complete tasks that are within the member area. Some tasks earn you $5, some earn $10. 
 The time it takes to complete those tasks also vary based on how pricey it is. Generally the more time consuming task is going to earn you more money. 
 How Does Easy Cash Job Really Work? 
 This is the part where it is going to get real and ugly. After reviewing more than 100 online programs, I have seen more than 10 programs that operate very similarly with ECJ. 
 Most of these websites do not pay their members. They either pay you in terms of stock or they straight up ban your account when you tries to withdraw the money. 
 You might wonder why would someone do something this lame. It is because they can have you done the survey for them for free. 
 Then they can sell these surveys to real company like  InboxDollars and Swaybucks . 
 The worst part is that there are rumors saying that they might even steal your credential and try to break into your bank account. 
 Remember you used an email and password to sign up for an account. 
 Please be extra careful here and don’t use any email that’s associated with your bank information. 
 What Do I like about Easy Cash Job? 
 1. Legit Business Model 
 Don’t get me wrong, the business model ECJ used is totally legitimate and it’s proven to let people make money. 
 But I doubt if you can get money from ECJ. Paid survey is a real thing for companies like  InboxDollars and Swaybucks  because they have thousands of users who actually got the money. 
 
 What Don't I like about Easy Cash Job? 
 1. Hidden Information 
 A legit company will disclose information like who is the company founder and where’s the company located at. 
 But sadly you can’t find anything on ECJ website. They seem to hide everything from the users and the customer service took forever to respond. 
 This is a big red flag because communication is the key for an online program to be successful. 
 2. Very similar to other scams 
 The structure of their website is too similar to many scams that I have exposed in the past. 
 It’s so close that I already knew this was not something great when I took a glance at its homepage. 
 They use a similar promotion badge and introduce similar method of letting people make money. 
 3. Not Passive Income 
 Even if you really got paid here in ECJ, I doubt if the time is worth it. When I am looking for a way to make money online, I prefer to use the time to build a passive income for me. 
 For example, instead of spending my time doing paid survey, I rather spend time writing blogs and reviews so that I get more visitors to my website and make more affiliate commission. 
 This is exactly how I make an extra income each month. The best thing is my website works 24/7 for me. 
 In other words, I can earn money even while I am asleep because my website is accessible worldwide. 
 There are people from different time zone will get to my site through Google. 
 Who Is Easy Cash Job for? 
 Easy Cash Job is for nobody because you can’t really make money here. You are exposed to the risk of phishing scam instead. 
 Therefore if you are really into paid survey, I recommend you check out the other programs I have mentioned above. Because those are the big major firms that have good reputation online. You are less likely to get scammed by them. 
 Is Easy Cash Job A Scam? 
 I think it is pretty obvious at this point whether if Easy Cash Job is a scam. Overall, I think you should not waste your time here. 
 If you are interested in how I learn affiliate marketing and been able to make money through my blog, please check below where I documented how I make extra income online. 
 You need to learn the skills like search engine optimization(SEO), getting free organic traffic, monetizing your website in order to make passive income online. 
 Lastly, I wish you the best if you are working hard to increase your income. Please feel free to leave a comment if you have any question or concern. I am happy to help! 
 How to Make 4-Figure Per Month? 
 Have you thought of creating side hustles that will become your passive income sometime in the future? 
 This is the No.1 Recommended method that requires no start-up fee but it requires a good amount of time and effort for building the business up. 
 
 Click here  to learn how to create 4-figure passive income every month with minimal risk. 
 More Read: Highest Paying Online Survey Sites in 2019 
 More Read: 6 Ways to Earn Money With a Blog 
 More Read: How to Make Money From Home With $0 to Start 
 Categories  Review   17 Comments  Post navigation 
 TheMiniPay Review - Is It A Scam? [Explained] 
 Moneychaser Review - Is Moneychaser.co A Scam? [Revealed] 
 17 thoughts on "Easy Cash Job Review - Is easycashjob.com Scam? [User's Experience]" 
 
 Paul 
 
  at 9:57 pm   
 Click bait 
 Reply 
 * Jayden
 
  at 1:57 am   
 Hi, I have collected the opinion of people who have actually taken part in Easy Cash Job. Many people suggested not to join them and that's why I have written this review in hope of spreading the message. Thank you. 
 Reply 
   * [faisal](http://easycash.job)
 
  at 8:55 pm   
 sir …what you reveived money 
 Reply 
     * Jayden
 
  at 1:28 am   
 No, unfortunately it looks like there's no way to receive money 
 Reply 
       * :(
 
  at 9:42 am   
 i am working here but i wish i will get cash 🙁 i need it 🙁 
       * Jayden
 
  at 10:58 pm   
 Hey, have you checked out bigger survey sites like  InboxDollars and Swagbucks . They do pay you 100% and you make $5 on signup. 
 
 gu lbarak 
 
  at 2:25 am   
 guys , this is clear cut scam. dont sign up.. they give you nothing.. 
 Reply 
 * Jayden
 
  at 5:30 am   
 Thank you for sharing. I am sure this comment will help a lot of people! 
 Reply 
   * Waqas
 
  at 9:53 pm   
 Only fake, 
 Reply 
 
 Porosh 
 
  at 8:36 am   
 Fake site 
 Reply 
 
 Syed Meesam 
 
  at 5:02 pm   
 sir easy cash job is real or fake to withdraw money 
 Reply 
 * Jayden
 
  at 8:17 pm   
 Fake 
 Reply 
 
 Sajid 
 
  at 9:45 pm   
 My account is suspend today…I don't know how is it??? 
 Reply 
 * Jayden
 
  at 2:50 am   
 Sorry to hear that 
 Reply 
 
 Nasir 
 
  at 1:37 pm   
 Easy cash job I am working since 3 month. after 70 doller this site not permit withdraw. its must be reffere 20 doller minimum and ads 50 dollers. but after 40 doller earning daily ads earning is 0.0111 earning 10 doller can be earn in 290 days. if same 
 Reply 
 
 Shoaib 
 
  at 7:13 am   
 Its something gone wrong i was going to open the app in google he just show me error , 
 Reply 
 
 Zeeshan 
 
  at 11:53 pm   
 Nice 
 Reply 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 The Author 
 Hi there, I am Jayden and my goal is to achieve  financial freedom  so that I can spend time doing what I love to do. Over the years, I have discovered a way to make  4-figure passive income  every month. However, it requires serious effort and some patience upfront. Please feel free to check it out  here  if you are interested. 
 Search for: 
 (C) 2020 Work For Future Now • Powered by  GeneratePress 
 Scroll back to top 
