This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.  We use our own and third party cookies on this site for various purposes such as giving you a more personalized experience and adapting advertising to your interests. You can manage or disable cookies by clicking on "Cookie Preferences". For more information about which cookies we use and how we use cookies, see our  Cookie Policy . 
 Cookie preferences  Accept all 
 Select which cookies you accept 
 You can learn more about the cookie categories on our  cookie policy page. 
 Strictly necessary  These cookies are required and must be accepted to use this site.   Vendors:  Teamtailor 
 Analytics  These cookies collect data about how visitors use this website.   Vendors:  Google 
 Preferences  These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provice enhanced, more personal features.   Vendors: 
 Marketing  These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.   Vendors: 
 Accept these cookies 
 
 
 
 Career menu 
 
  Start  
  People  
  Jobs  
  Departments  
  Locations  
 
 Employee login   Log in   Visit our homepage  to-increase.com 
   
 Functional Solution Architect - Microsoft AX / D365 F&O 
 Services  *  Amstelveen 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/915179-functional-solution-architect-microsoft-ax-d365-f-o) 
 About Us 
 Our mission is simple: we want to help our customers solve complex business matters using easy digital solutions. We have passionate and technologically savvy people working here, we’re proud of the awards we have received, but the trust we get every day from our 2000+ customers means more than anything! 
 Come as you are 
 Your gender, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, skin color or pink hair are part of who you are. To-Increase is an equal opportunity employer and we stand for equality and inclusion. If you’re a team player, an expert and are ready to shine, we would love to welcome you to the team. 
 What You'll Do 
 As the Functional Solution Architect you will be responsible for the overall solution architecture of Microsoft AX / D365 F&O in combination with our own build solutions in the Rental and Lease industry, meaning you will be ensuring work done in all functional domains are aligned and the quality is maintained at all times. The Solution Architect role calls for the right combination of experience, ease with working collaboratively, and readiness for new ideas and opportunities. 
 You will: 
 
 Take the lead on Dynamics AX / D365 F&O projects, taking care of the architecture of each project working very closely with the stakeholders to fully roadmap the full implementations. 
 Guide the project team consisting of consultants and developers in the disciplines like solution architecture, application consulting, technology consulting (hardware and software), development and project management. 
 Ensure the quality of our process documentations and solution functional designs. 
 Manage all non-functional requirements (Performance, security, usability). 
 Stay up to date with Microsoft platform developments. 
 Act as the pre-sales consultant during sales cycles to lead the discovery during the diagnostic phase. 
 Provide input on scoping and project estimates based on the information available in the sales cycle. 
 Contribute to defining, creating and maintaining implementation templates consisting of configuration, process descriptions, test scenario’s, implementation accelerators, etc. 
 Contribute in refining To-Increase’s project methodology by providing valuable input based on experience with multiple project approaches. 
 Communicate with fellow Consultants and Solution Architects regularly to align and sync on functional challenges within running projects. 
 Actively develop more junior and medior project team members on both knowledge and competence. 
 
 What You Need to Be Successful (Minimum Qualifications) 
 
 Minimum 7 years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX / D365 F&O. 
 Ability to create and keep oversight on the Customer’s application landscape and give sound advice regarding it. 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills. 
 Detailed oriented with ability to work efficiently and accurately. 
 Basic technical experience (programming). 
 Self-starter that can operate individually and is also a great team player. 
 Willingness to continuously want to improve & develop yourself, and your team. 
 Strong command of English. 
 Ability and willingness to travel (inter)nationally, max 30 – 40%. 
 
 Other Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Base knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming and Design Patterns. 
 Knowledge of build, code management and release strategies. 
 
 Why Work for Us 
 
 Great Company Culture. We have an informal, non-hierarchical and people-oriented culture where your voice counts and you can be yourself. And we genuinely strive for a good work/life balance for everyone and you also have a lot of flexibility to organize your work days that suits you. 
 Build your own career. You have the freedom take on the challenges you want and thereby creating the career you feel is right for you. 
 International environment. You will work with colleagues from all our different offices, and with international customers, network of partners and Microsoft. 
 Fast growing company with ambition. You will work for a leading ISV that is a Microsoft Gold Partner with premium industry solutions, where you will have ample opportunities to learn on the job and continuously grow & improve yourself. 
 
 TI by the Numbers 
 Here are a few key numbers that gives you a snapshot of who we are. We would love to tell you more in person! 
 Come as you are 
 Your gender, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, skin color or pink hair are part of who you are. To-Increase is an equal opportunity employer and we stand for equality and inclusion. If you’re a team player, an expert and are ready to shine, we would love to welcome you to the team. 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 Or, know someone who would be a perfect fit? Let them know! 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/915179-functional-solution-architect-microsoft-ax-d365-f-o) 
 [ 
 Contact 
 Chi Leung Chan Head of People Operations ](/people/190251-chi-leung-chan) 
 Some of your colleagues 
 
  Xander Bakker Service Director  
  Bob Schröder Manager Delivery  
 
 Department 
 
 [ 
 
 Services 
 Meet our Customer Services department! 
 ](https://www.workatto-increase.com/departments/customer-services) 
 Amstelveen 
 Stroombaan 6-8 
1181 VX Amstelveen   Directions   info@to-increase.com   +31 318 531 900   View page 
 Benefits 
 We think our workplace is amazing and together we work every day to make it even better for you and your colleagues. 
 We will give you: 
 
 An interesting job 
 
 Not just a job – but a career and role where you can make a real difference 
 
 An open company culture 
 
 To-Increase is a challenging, inspiring and dynamic business environment with an open and direct company culture 
 
 Great development opportunities 
 
 We are an ideal environment for improving your skills and expertise 
 
 A fantastic team 
 
 Enthusiastic colleagues that will make your day! 
 Positive environment... 
 Our people describe our culture as innovative. We are always aspiring to deliver the most creative solutions for our customers, therefore we value each other and that’s why everyone’s voice is heard. Of course we work hard, but we never forget to have fun with our team. We value a good atmosphere and mutual respect. To-Increase offers a positive environment with many avenues for professional development. 
 
 to-increase.com 
 Coworkers  160 
 Founded in  2005 
 Turnover  20.000.000 
 
 Career site 
 
 Start 
  Departments  
  Locations  
  People  
  Jobs  
 
 Departments 
 
 Customer Services 
 Development 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Administration 
 
 Users 
 
 Candidate login 
 Employee login 
 Data & privacy 
 
 Scroll to top 
 Already working at To-Increase? 
 Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague. 
 email 
 @to-increase.com 
 Log in 
 
   
 Applicant tracking system  by Teamtailor 
