My journey on becoming full-time designer. 
 A great WordPress.com site 
 Tag Archives: too many jobs 
 October 3, 2013  by   katdesigner 
 Day 3: From High to Low! 89 days to go! 
 Kat doodles about life: 
 Alright, it is nearly 4pm of UK time and I am already writing this post, whilst outside it has not stopped raining second day in row. I think that is it for today, enough me sitting at the computer. I have been doing so for the last three days, wrapped up warm, recovering, drinking countless cups of tea. I fancy a change. I started high and now I am feeling my energy levels are going down. Well there might be few reasons for that. Sleeping too much in the last few days and staying awake last night texting past my usual bedtime, being woken up by three demanding phone calls at 5 am, was the start. 
 When I got out of bed feeling fairly shattered, Ilooked into the fridge, finding it empty. Forced walking out of the house, I came backa with a treat in a form of nutella jar. How wrong I was. I stopped eating chocolate about three or four months ago and felt much better ever since, so hoping that little chocolatey treat will make me feel better turned into something like eating gurkin. It tasted horribly sweet and I am thinking Oh no, I have lost this little life saver. Never mind this sugar rush which brought me down few hours later. There was a little hint of hope, when I managed to clear and response to my e-mails within only 7 minutes, but not long after there was this reply from CV Site waiting to tell the truth I didn't want to know. 
 So apparently there are few issues, which prevent me from communicating my skills in optimum way. The first paragraph states following: There are  grammatical issues  …, … it is too  colloquial  …, … **if an employer reads that you are 'stubborn' it would be off putting within the context **…, … **mentioning four jobs doesn 't send out positive impression. **Alright with grammatical issues I can agree. That has always been a problem, I am not a native speaker, I can only keep learning and trying, because I know it will always follow me. I am not entirely sure why 'stubborn' used together with 'perfectionist' and 'willing to learn' does not translate as 'motivated until achieving the goal'. I guess the negative feel of the word used without its context coming from someone, who is an Aries in zodiac, is not exactly giving the friendly willing approach. Lastly what is wrong with having four jobs? Is it the lack of focus I might be giving impression off? Surely having two different self-employed positions show that you are on your way to turn them into careers, whilst the other two part time jobs show commitment and secure regular income in order to pay bills and food offering to take time off when needed. Why all the cv gurus, employers or general advice out there tell you to keep going and making sure there is no gap on your cv and now being told that if you work too much sounds wrong. Anyone else had similar issue before? 
 Second paragraph is focusing on employment history. It is  vast  …, …  for very brief periods, this would not instill confidence any potential employers  …,  You clearly have a lot of skills but CV needs focus … , …  I appreciate that a lot of jobs are short term  …, …  better to provide details of the work and the props you designed rather than the designer/directors names .  You clearly have a lot to offer  , …y  ou are creative and have flair but a CV is still a formal document and you need to adopt a few conventions in order to illustrate your talents and competencies without coming across as disordered.  Looking back at my cv after reading this, was so painfully true. I think the problem is when you are preparing your cv during your graduation time and not having that much professional experience, you are told it is important to tell all the directors and designers you worked with having to stretch it making it look reasonably good, but as time goes it may become a bit too much and I think that what happened to me. Taking your cv and giving it to people asking them to look at it with their critical eyes is nerve wracking and depressing, but the most helpful as knowing the weakness of your enemy. 
 They finished the e-mail by saying this: ** … Overall Katerina, it is a quirky and fun approach but that just doesn't work for a CV and it would benefit from a rewrite for ease of reading…** Further down were priced packages to make it perfect with extras added in case I would like to take this offer to improve it under the professional eye. Alright Thank you very much, but I think I need few days to take this all in and think about this changing it completely. In case anyone would to share their cv, which bagged them that job they wanted, feel free to send it to katerina.t.designer@gmail.com and perhaps share few tips on how they think which is best way, please do so. I am sure everyone reading will appreciate every handy advice. 
 I am ending this post with photograph of my 'fun' evening ahead. I have been offered emotional support and forced watching Driving Test Theory DVD, possibly so I am prevented from covering my eyes and having to focus. So I guess I will update you how it went tomorrow. Lovely evenig to everybody. Kat xx 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  92 Days Challenge ,  All Posts ,  Kat Doodles About Life ,  Kat Speaks About Languages 
Tagged  Aries ,  bad impresion ,  career ,  chocolate ,  colloquial ,  critical eyes ,  cv ,  cv gurus ,  CV site feedback ,  depressed ,  driving ,  driving licence ,  employers ,  feeling down ,  focus ,  from high to low ,  gap in between jobs ,  general advice ,  jobs ,  learning how to drive ,  mistakes on cv ,  motivated ,  My journey on becoming full-time designer ,  painful truth ,  rain ,  stubborn ,  tea ,  too many jobs ,  willing to learn 
 Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Kat Design 
 
 Kat Design 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! 
 92 Days Challenge 
 About Kat 
 All Posts 
 Interior Design 
 Kat Doodles About Life 
 Kat Gets Arty 
 Kat Recommends 
 Kat Speaks About Languages 
 Theatre Design 
 Would You Like to Help? 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into…? 
 How I Moved to Paris… 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On… 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning…! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 Post 28: From London to Paris! 94 to go! 
 27: London Adventure with Jan Kraus! 
 Post 26: Kat Is Back! 96 to go! 
 Post 25: Quick Sketching! 97 to go! 
 Post 24: Karen Makes Me Smile! 98 to go! 
 Post 23: Birthday & Holiday Fever! 99 to go! 
 Post 22: One Sixth of the Challenge! 100 to go! 
 Post 21: Pack Your Bag, Buy the Ticket And Go On an Adventure! 101 to go! 
 Post 20: Resolutions Review February! 102 to go! 
 Post 19: Book Shopping! 103 to go! 
 Post 18: Another 'Little Steps, Bigger Picture' Post! 104 to go! 
 Post 17: Breathe And Just Let Things Roll…! 105 to go! 
 
 Searching for specific doodle? 
 Search for: 
 Your most recent favourites on my blog 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into...? 
 How I Moved to Paris... 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On... 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning...! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 
 Thank You all for 
 
 7,592 fab views! 
 
 Follow My journey on becoming full-time designer. on WordPress.com 
 Mostly doodled about 
 Amanda Bathory   art   being a foreigner   being ill   birthday   blogging   blog party   bookcases   Bristol   career   carnival   challenge   chef   Christmas   circus   cooking   costumes   cv   cycling   Czech   David Allen   design   Designing For Interiors   drawing   dreams   driving   driving licence   English   Facebook   failure   Farrow&Ball   fashion   followers   France   hoarding   Ikea   illustration   In basket   instagram   interior/theatre designer   interior design   interiors   interpreting   job   job hunting   languages   Learner Mother   learning English   learning how to drive   Liebster award   London   looking for a job   love   motivation   My journey on becoming full-time designer   New Year   new year resolution   night out   painting   Paris   party   potatoes   prison   resolution   resolutions   saving money   scenic painting   scrapbook   sketching   social media   stop smoking   teaching   theatre   theatre design   The Crazy bag lady   translating   Twitter   upcycling   wine   Wordpress 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Archives 
 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 art fn 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 Fashion Mayann 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 painter, wanderer & mischief-maker 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Comics & Illustration 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 Artisan knitter rambling about her London life in general 
 art fn 
 My studies in creating art -- Tim Hards Vicente 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 Crochet and Fun Ideas for Creative Living 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 Entrepreneurship | Technology | Interior Design | Home Decor | Music 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 not for nothing 
 Fashion Mayann 
 www.fashionmayann.wordpress.com is about some fashion inspirations 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 Welcome to my Art and Lifestyle Blog. Follow my adventures as a Bohemian artist. 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 A fashion & lifestyle blog | Because Style Matters 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 (and other stories) 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 Source for design inspiration, musings and decorating tips from Abigail Ahern 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
