
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Akido Labs (W15) 
 Akido Labs is a data technology company leading the transformation of healthcare and government institutions into modern, data-driven organizations. By building and connecting human services data networks, we'll create the equitable world we envision 
 Engagement Manager 
 
 Location 
 Downtown, Los Angeles / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Akido Labs 
 We’re a Y Combinator backed company leading the transformation of major healthcare and government institutions to become modern, data-driven organizations. We believe that by building and connecting these data networks, allowing for the free flow of information, we will create the more equitable and rational world we envision. Recent Akido deployments include supporting a nation-wide disaster preparedness network, improving health outcomes by driving positive patient behavior at health systems, and combatting homelessness at ground zero in Los Angeles. Akido has assembled a diverse team of bright and motivated people who care deeply about solving these problems and making a lasting impact. 
 About the role 
 Akido Mission / About Akido 
 Akido is a Y combinator backed company empowering the transformation of major healthcare and government institutions to become more modern, data-driven organizations. We are building our vision to create a more equitable and prosperous world by enabling the free flow of information by connecting data networks to solve some of the most difficult problems our society faces. We have enabled deployments in supporting a nation-wide disaster preparedness network, improving health outcomes through patient behavior change at one of the nation’s largest health systems and combating homelessness at ground zero in Los Angeles. Akido has assembled a diverse team of bright and motivated people who care deeply about solving these problems and making a lasting impact. 
 Working at Akido 
 Akido is a dynamic team doing big things. We learn from each other, value each other’s opinion, and enjoy a collaborative approach to developing our product. We constantly invest in the personal growth of our employees, providing opportunities to expand within the organization and pursue personal interests. 
 What Engagement Management at Akido is like 
 Akido Engagement Managers lead the technology-enabled programs we develop with our public health, public service and health system partners. Our Engagement Managers (EMs) form the cornerstone of Akido’s strongest and most impactful partnerships and touch virtually every part of our business from executive stakeholders to end users externally and product management to business development internally. EMs set the direction and orchestrate their team to achieve the unique objectives of each program we execute whether it’s a pilot for a new care coordination technology or scaling a nation-wide predictive analytics program through our network. As an Akido EM, you are motivated to serve others and believe that technology and data have the power to bring more equity to our communities. 
 Day-to-day of an EM: 
 
 Run discovery meetings with our customers to design an impactful program and understand their organization deeply. 
 Execute the program(s) that you are assigned to leveraging your teammates to collaboratively achieve the goals. 
 Define and share the narrative of our impact for our customers to empower them to expand our programs 
 Work closely with Product Managers to improve the solutions and analytics we provide to our customers 
 Strategize ways for Akido to deepen relationships with our customers and grow our impact for their organization and those they serve (often vulnerable communities) 
 Design and implement deployment strategies to launch new solutions with new and existing customers 
 
 This position is right for you if... 
 
 You have more than 2 years of domain-relevant consulting experience (e.g. healthcare, government or public health sector) 
 You have more than 2 years of experience working in sensitive and complex environments (e.g. healthcare, government or public health sector) 
 You enjoy interacting with customers and end users 
 
 Perks & Benefits 
 
 Stock options 
 Casual dress code 
 Free snacks & drinks 
 Flexible hours 
 Unlimited vacation (we compensate your work, not your hours) 
 Medical, dental and vision health insurance 
 Commuter benefits 
 
 Akido is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires an accommodation, please let us know. 
 Technology 
 Our application stack consists primarily of React, React Native, with Node.js and Express used for mid-tier and shared services. 
 Other jobs at Akido Labs 
 Engagement Manager 
 fulltime 
 Downtown, Los Angeles / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Senior Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles 
 6+ years 
 Security Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Devops 
 $115,500 - $148,500 
 3+ years 
 Sr. Software Engineer - Product 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $165k 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
