
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 Giddy is looking for a Director / Cinematographer/ Producer in Austin, TX, USA. Not an $$$$$$ Director / Cinematographer/ Producer but the kind of Director / Cinematographer/ Producer that makes other Director / Cinematographer/ Producers question their Director / Cinematographer/ Producer-ness. 
 About 
 Giddy is a men’s sexual health and wellness company. We excel in creating content that’s aimed at improving the sexual health and wellness of men and their partners and are launching a separate digital media publishing platform. 
 Hiring a Director / Cinematographer/ Producer. The right candidate will be able to produce / create content that involves script writing, filming, and editing for internal / external visuals for commercial, narrative, ads, industrial videos and content. 
 You will be responsible for developing a house style of cinematography, camera work and editing that has a consistent style and tone, and will work with a team of physical production crew members to maintain and evolve this style. Create and execute on original concepts as a producer, director, cinematographer and/or editor as needed. 
We're looking for someone who is proactive, personable, reliable, flexible, and enthusiastic. 
 TASKS & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Extremely knowledgeable about camera and lighting techniques and equipment, sound recording, broadcasting and post production 
 Concept, write, storyboard, film, and edit content 
 Perform media related tasks initiated by the team 
 Produce content that aligns with our brand and audience 
 Provide organized and timely reports on the status of projects 
 Scope, budget and execute on original projects 
 Multi-task on projects with the ability to prioritize projects 
 Ability to work in a team environment with minimal supervision 
 
 THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION MUST BE AT OUR HEADQUARTERS IN AUSTIN 
 START ASAP 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7582-giddy-director-cinematographer-producer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Premiere Pro, Content Writing, Directing, Editing, Final Cut Pro, Lighting, Post-Production, Producing, Sound Design, Sound Editing 
 Date Posted 
 October 21, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Philippe McClelland 
 Perks 
 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Profit sharing 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
