[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 15 Work at home Jobs for Stay at home Moms 
 Published by  aw1219  on April 3, 2017April 3, 2017 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 If you are a stay at home mom with small children you may be wondering if there are any jobs that you can do from home without having to be on the phone. These kinds of jobs appeal not just to stay at home moms or dads but a lot of people who have gotten burned out on customer service and call center at home jobs or those who may not have the patience or skills. When you are looking for work at home, some companies require that you have a quiet home environment to be able to successfully conduct your task or assignment. But that is almost impossible when you have small children or a newborn baby that requires your full time and attention. 
 It seems as though the only way to get around this would be not to work (which is not an option), to work when they are asleep or have someone else watch them. If you are currently facing this dilemma, I have some work from home jobs that you can do that do not have these requirements. There are even some jobs you can work when you want or at your own pace or schedule. 
 
 TheSmartCrowd  formerly known as Virtualbee - This is a legit data entry company that will allow you to work when you want any time of the day or night. There are no schedules to keep and the work is flexible. You can pick which assignments you want to work each day depending upon the workload and availability. The pay is per task but it is possible to earn somewhere around $5 to $6 per hour. It is definitely not full-time pay but it is a way for you to earn extra money from home in your spare time and still be able to tend to your children because you can log off whenever you need to and come back to your work when you are ready. They pay every week as long as you have $30 in your account. There is a small typing test required but if you have trouble with this I have a  video  that has tips to help you pass the test. 
 Textbroker  - This company pays every week also. You get paid to write articles online for this company. You do not have to have any experience doing this although you will be required to take a test beforehand to check your grammar and spelling. You pick from a pool of articles that need to be written on. You can only pick out one article at a time and you will have 24 hours to complete it after you accept your assignment. If you cannot complete it within that period of time, it will go back into their database. But you can work as much or as little as you want. They pay every Friday through your Paypal account as long as you have earned $10. 
 Fiverr  - This is not necessarily a work at home job but it is a way to earn steady extra income from home. In fact, you can even complete a gig in less than 5 minutes for $5 using this site. There are other companies that are similar to Fiverr where you sign up to complete online gigs or tasks for someone in exchange for $5. They do take a percentage of your earnings so your $5 gig will end up earning you $4 after Fiverr takes their cut. Some of the gigs you could provide for others would be to design a logo for someone, sing them a song, make a video, or a variety of unusual things. If you get enough clients you could even start your own business doing gigs for others and sell your services on your own blog or website. 
 Leapforce  - Become a search engine evaluator. No doubt you have experience searching the Internet already and that is what this work at home job is all about. They need individuals to work from home part-time searching the Internet and giving their feedback online. There is a test that is involved before you are accepted. They have a flexible schedule where you can also work when you want but you will be required to work at least 20 to 30 hours per week. This is a legit work from home opportunity and the pay around  $14  per hour! 
 UserTesting  - This website will pay you to test websites and apps online. You can work from home on a flexible schedule doing this for this company and other similar companies online. You will answer 4 questions and get paid $10 through your paypal account for each website that you test. 
 Amazon Mturk  - You can get paid to do several short tasks online. They do not pay a lot of money but you can pick from which tasks you would like to complete and work and get paid daily! This is a flexible work from home job. They pay by transferring funds through your Amazon payments account or to your Amazon gift card balance. Sign up  here. 
 Clickworker  - This company will pay you to complete tasks online from your smartphone or on your computer. You can work from anywhere for this company. The pay is around $9 per hour and they offer bonuses as well. Payment is made every week through your paypal account or by direct deposit. You can sign up  here  to start earning money from home today. Here is a recent video that explains more about Clickworker and how it works. 
 Appen  - Work from home for just 1 or 4 hours a day as a social media evaluator. This is a very easy work at home job that does not require any experience, allows for background noise, offers a flexible work schedule and pays around $13 per hour. If you are currently using social media to connect with your family and friends, this is the job for you. Make sure that you are a daily social media user and have the number required Facebook friends and followers on Instagram. You can read my full review  here . 
 Internet Searcher  - Work from home part time searching the web to find information from a personalized list. You can complete these tasks from your mobile devices or on your computer and make up to $75 extra cash per month. 
 Moderators  - There are companies all over the web that need people to moderate forums on various topics regarding posts that are published by community members to keep the community safe, to watch and report on video content for the clients and other related duties. The work is simple and enjoyed by many. You can find other work at home moderating jobs by going to  Live World ,  Mod Squad , and more by visiting the  weekly job section  and  Friday freebie  pages of this website. 
 Online Scorer  - Get paid $10 per hour every week listening to audio files from kids attempting to read prepared texts. You will transcribe word and non-word utterances in the audio files. You can work your own schedule and there is no experience required. Payments are sent to your PayPal account. 
 Telephone Mystery Shopper  - Call Center QA is a great way to earn some extra cash while your children are taking naps as a telephone mystery shopper. This job doesn't require any experience or a background check plus you get paid to evaluate various businesses through telephone calls that last just 10 minutes. The company pays $5 per call fast. 
 Yardi Matrix  - Work from home calling various apartment communities asking them a variety of questions about rent, rent specials and other details. You are allowed to have background noise because you want to appear to be a potential renter. The great thing about this job is that you are not required to sell anything and you even get paid if you don't speak to anyone! 
 Call Reviewer/Scorer  - Humanatic is a company that is always looking for call reviewers to sort calls into various categories as you listen to prerecorded calls from home. You can listen to these calls from your smartphone as another option. It is very easy work but the pay is below average. You will get paid weekly as long as you have $10 in your account. Check it out if you are interested. There is another job that is similar to Humanatic but pays more that you can apply to also. You can read more about it  here . 
 Wonder Research  - You can work from home for this company as a researching interesting facts that their users have submitted and still have time to do other things. You can even make up to $500 a week completing these tasks from home if you are focused and active on the site. You can choose to work just a few hours a week or as many as you like 
 
 If you need more jobs that are similar to what is one this list and you are a stay at home mom or dad, please browse these posts and pages below. 
 Non Phone work at home Jobs 
 
 60 Work at home Jobs you can do Anytime 
 100 Part Time Work at home Jobs 
 100 No Fee Work at home Jobs 
 
 Work at home Jobs that require No Experience 
 Extra Cash 
 
 Get Paid Online 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  remote jobs for stay at home moms work at home jobs for moms work at home jobs for stay at home moms work from home jobs for stay at home moms 
 Tags:  work at home jobs for at home moms work at home jobs for dads work at home jobs for moms work from home jobs for moms with small children 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 work at home jobs for moms 
  Work at home Jobs for New Moms  
 Are you a new mom or about to be and looking for a work at home job or some legitimate ways you can make money online? If so, there are a few opportunities that you will want to explore that you may really enjoy. A lot of these jobs that 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
