Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 10 Work From Home Jobs With No Investment - Make Money, Don't Spend It! 
 
 Bridget 
  __ October 14, 2019   
 
 This post contains affiliate links, which means I may receive a small commission, at no cost to you, if you make a purchase through a link. 
 If you’re a mom looking to make money from home, chances are you don’t have a pile of cash lying around to invest in a new business. 
 Some work-at-home jobs come with extensive start-up fees that are out of reach for many families. 
 We’ve all heard the saying, “You need to spend money to make money,” but that isn’t always true. While there are many courses and classes you can purchase for all sorts of online jobs, you don’t need to pay for one of these in order to succeed as a work at home mom. 
 If you’re worried that you won’t ever be able to start working from home because funds are tight, I’ve got good news – there are plenty of stay at home mom jobs online you can do  without  a big investment upfront. 
 If you’re ready to bring some extra income into your home, take a look at one of these jobs. 
 Freelance Writer 
 I've said it before and I'll say it again - freelance writing is one of the very best work at home jobs for moms! 
 Writing comes with a big paycheck potential, and it costs absolutely nothing to start. While there are courses out there to help you get your business off the ground, they aren’t necessary if you don’t have the funds for them. 
 When I started as a freelance writer, we had very little funds, and I certainly didn’t have money for any courses or classes. As a matter of fact, I don't even know if there  were  any courses at the time for moms wanting to start a freelance writing business. And that’s ok – I didn’t need them. 
 To succeed as a freelance writer you do need to have a good grasp of grammar and some writing abilities, but the rest of your success relies on basic hard work and hustle. 
 Read more:  How to Get Started as a Freelance Writer: The Ultimate Guide 
 Virtual Assistant 
 If I had to choose the  next  best way for moms to earn money, it would be to work as a virtual assistant. 
 As a virtual assistant, you could be asked to perform any number of tasks from answering emails to scheduling appointments to data entry or research. These types of tasks might require some basic knowledge, but you generally don't need to know anything that can't be self-taught for free with a few online searches. 
 Working as a virtual assistant is a task-oriented position, which means you could do ghostwriting for one client, editing for another, and scheduling appointments for a third. You don’t need any special software, but you do need to be organized and detail-oriented. 
 If you don’t mind doing administrative tasks, this could be a great work-from-home position for you. 
 Read more:  How to Become a Virtual Assistant 
 Freelance Editor or Proofreader 
 Much like writing, editing and proofreading is a job that really requires nothing other than your brainpower. 
 For every big-time writer out there, there needs to be an editor and/or proofreader to make sure things are in top shape before the content can go to print. 
 Editors need to have full command of the English language, excellent grammar skills, and enough writing know-how to help a writer craft a work of art. 
 A proofreader serves as the eagle-eye at the end, double and triple-checking to make sure there are no typos or similar mistakes. Both positions can be done from home without any upfront costs. 
 Social Media Manager 
 Do you know how to use Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter? If you enjoy being on these platforms regularly, you can be a social media manager. 
 As a social media manager, you would be responsible for creating social media profiles for your clients and then regularly posting and monitoring content. 
 Social media is a big deal, and every business needs to have a presence on all platforms. However, managing everything that goes on on these sites is such a big job that many smaller businesses and entrepreneurs are overwhelmed at the thought of trying to do it all. Many are willing to outsource these tasks to a social media manager who can take care of the whole process. 
 Now it's true that scheduling posts, tweets, and updates can take a big chunk of time, especially if you have more than one client. The good news is that there are automated scheduling tools that can help you with that. While some of these are paid tools, this is a cost you can pass on to your client. 
 Working as a social media manager is a job you can do without any investment at all. All you need is a solid understanding of each social media platform before you get started. 
 Graphic Designer 
 If you have a background in graphic design – or even just an eye for what looks good and what doesn’t – you can work as a graphic designer with no formal training. 
 In order to make money as a graphic designer, you should have familiarity with Adobe Creative Cloud. 
 If you know your way around this design platform, find freelance clients on a site like  Upwork  or go it on your own and pitch to companies or entrepreneurs who you know could benefit from your services. You could even design logos and sell them on  99designs  or  crowdspring . 
 Online English Teacher 
 VIPKID  is an online company that hires tutors to work from home teaching English to children in China. 
 If you have a Bachelor’s degree, are a citizen or permanent resident of the United States or Canada, and have some sort of teaching experience (informal teaching like coaching or Sunday School count!), you could qualify to do this work-from-home job without paying anything upfront. 
 Search Engine Evaluator 
 With webpages and content constantly changing, it’s important that search engines are providing the best results possible. 
 Search engine evaluators conduct searches according to specific instructions and then evaluate the results. This is an easy job you can do from home whenever you have free time, and it costs nothing to get started. As long as you have a computer and an Internet connection, you have the potential to get hired. 
 To find out more about this work from home opportunity, check out  Lionbridge  or  Appen . 
 Become an Online Tutor 
 Where there any subjects that you were particularly good at in school? If so, put that knowledge to use as an online tutor. 
 There are a number of different companies that hire online work-from-home tutors, and they all have different requirements. In general, though, you will need to have some level of higher education and previous teaching or tutoring experience. They are all similar in that you can get started with no upfront fees or costs. 
 To find out more, check out  Chegg ,  Kaplan , and  Pearson . 
 Transcriptionist 
 A transcriptionist works from home turning audio files into document form. 
 This job doesn’t involve a large investment. In fact, the only things you need to get started and work successfully are patience and fast typing skills. 
 If you’re working at the higher level or want to make good money as a transcriptionist, you may want to pay for a good pair of headphones and a foot pedal, but these aren’t necessary upfront. 
 Transcription is not for everyone, but it might be the right work from home job for you. To find out more about what it entails, take this  Free Mini-Course . 
 Read More:  How to Make Money With Remote Transcription Jobs 
 Work as an eBay Seller 
 When most people consider making a profit off of eBay, they think that they need to go out and scour yard sales to find hidden gems to flip. While this is a tried and true method for making money online, it isn’t the only way to pull a profit as an eBay seller. 
 If you want to get into eBay selling with no investment at all, offer to handle all the transactions for other people, in exchange for a cut of the sale. 
 For instance, if your neighbor has a garage full of stuff but no time to comb through it all, offer to help her out listing and packaging items for sale. Once her items sell, she can pay you an agreed-upon percentage of the selling price. 
 You can also specialize in a niche, selling certain items like books or clothing. In order to make this work, you'd have to become an expert in your field. This means scouring out the competition, knowing exactly how to price your items, taking optimal photographs, and using the best marketing techniques to sell your clients' products. 
 I love this idea because it's a little "out of the box," but it can be a great way to make money from home if you are unwilling or unable to spend time online working with clients. 
 Instead, you get to put your people skills to good use and while you also help them out, save them time, and get their stuff sold. All at no upfront cost to you. 
 Did I miss any work from home jobs with no investment to get started? Let me know in the comments! 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
