
 "El Fotografo" 
 A blog by photographer Xavier Buendia 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Website 
 
 A good job will never be cheap 
 
 " A cheap job will never be good. 
 A quick job may be cheap but never good. 
 " A good job will never be quick, nor cheap" 
 
 These words were scribbled on a board with a Sharpie on big bold letters visible to everyone at a friend's guitar workshop. He's a luthier, one hell of a guitar player and one of Mexico's most respected specialist in his craft. 
 During my teens, I spent a lot of time in his workshop absorbing as much as I could about everything he did and said. For whatever reason, he made a lot more sense than many of the adults around me during that time including my dad. 
 Those words scribbled on the board came back to me years later when I started getting inquiries. I wish I had a workshop or an office where people walk in with the idea of getting cheap and quick photography in their head and the first thing they see is that notice. 
 I bet most freelancers out there know the feeling when an inquiry asking for a cheap, quick and good job comes in. 
 That's why I think is important to educate our customers and let them know that they're dealing with a professional who is all about the quality of the work produced. I used to waste a lot of time explaining why a good job will never be quick and cheap, now I only reply with the quote mentioned above and like Morpheus in The Matrix, I ask them to make the right choice. 
 Now, there are many different levels of work that you can do as a creative freelancer but most important, make sure you are comfortable with what you are asked for. Make a board with the quote if you need to and please, please, please, make sure you are getting paid enough and you are happy with the quote. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 February 16, 2020July 2, 2020   Xavi Buendia  Tagged  advice ,  conversations ,  creative freelancer ,  el fotografo ,  freelance advice ,  freelancer advice ,  freelancing ,  make a choice ,  photo blog ,  photography ,  school of life ,  tips ,  xavi buendia photo 
 Post navigation 
 <- While I was away 
 FAQ: Chopping Tops and Bottoms of photos -> 
 Widgets 
 About me 
 Xavi Buendia 
 Hi, I'm Xavier and since 2012 I've dedicated my life to photography. In this blog, I'm sharing everything I know and keep learning about it. I work as a food and portrait photographer but in my free time, I like to hit the streets and take some photos of what interests me. Join me on this journey and please feel free to ask me questions and share your thoughts on photography. 
  View Full Profile ->  
 @xavi.buendia.photo 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 @pinche.xavo 
       
 Follow this blog 
 Click to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. I promise not to share your details and not to spam your inbox! 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 I'm on Flickr: 
 
  More Photos  
 Copyright Notice 
 © Xavier D. Buendia/XDBPhotography, 2019. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used only if full and clear credit is given to Xavier D. Buendia/XDBPhotography with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 
 Pro Work 
 Personal Work 
 Behance 
 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
