Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 25 Jun  2014 
 Full-Time Technical Assistant 
 Enersense International Oy -  Olkiluoto,27160 EURAJOKI  , FI 
 Job Description 
 Enersense International Oy provides its customers with resourcing solutions which appreciate the fluctuations in their projects. Our company is an ISO 9001:2008/14001:2004-certified actor with more than seven years of experience in operating in close cooperation with large-scale nuclear and construction sites, the Olkiluoto 3 nuclear power plant site being the largest of them. 
 We are currently seeking a "  Technical Assistant  " to join our client's dynamic team in Ol3 Nuclear Power Plant. Your pride is supporting engineers in producing high quality design from concepts through to commissioning will be a vital part of this diverse and interesting position. 
 Task Responsibilities  : To provide information such as CAD drawings, creating diagrams, piping support drawings, project documentation, and technical support, using CAD software, MS Excel and other MS Office software. Drawings analysis Drawings modifications Instructions analysis Workbooks preparation Workbooks review Issues reporting Creating diagrams Piping Support drawings Project documentation and technical support To prepare the fabrication and installation documents as known as "workbooks" which lead to the production process: - To review the clerical and technical content of the workbooks prior the inspection with the customer - The drawings sent by the customer are analysed. - The procedures and instructions sent by the customer are known and analysed. - A report is produced since a clarification of the available documentation is needed. - Issuance of a clarification request under the Quality department review. - The latest applicable internal procedures are known and applied. - The technical parameters such as welding are defined with a skilled person. - To report the deviations to the person who has prepared the workbooks. - To modify the supports, pipelines or equipments drawings in accordance with the customer specifications in order to adapt the installation to the situation on site. 
 Requirements As a Technical Assistant you should be organized and detail-oriented, should be able to multitask and prioritize using good time management skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are also preferred. Additionally, Technical Assistant should be able to work well independently but also as part of our client's team. Other requirements: Familiar with the use of Excel & Adobe Skills in "As built" drawings OL3 experience, or any nuclear plant, within engineering dpt FCR team Minimum 2+ years of experience in generation of Mechanical & Piping General Arrangement, support drawings in AutoCAD Fluent English, other languages considered beneficial. Proficiency in advanced in autoCAD Familiarity and understanding of engineering codes and standards. Technical background. Experience in pipelines and supporting fabrication and installation. Familiar with the computer use: creation of databases and modifications of drawings by red lining. Familiar with 3D model softwares. English spoken and written: advanced level. Please note that due to clients urgent need only applicants with a valid working permit / EU-citizenship can be considered. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: IT Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 7785 total views, 2 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 15 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Java Developer 
Location
 Länsikatu 15,80100 JOENSUU  FI
Date Posted
 5 Aug  2014
3. Type
Part-Time
Job
 Web Search Evaluator 
Location
 Anywhere 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Google Extending in Finland: new centre, new jobs! 
 Finnish Company Receives 40Million Euro Contract 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1296](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
