  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Google Cloud Platform Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Google Cloud Platform Administrator ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/google-cloud-platform) 
 27 days ago 
 It Professional Services 
 Published: 27 days ago  Deadline: 6 Bids: 0 
 Project Objective: 
1. Email Server Migration (G Suite to O365- 40 Users) 
2. VMware Installation (2 QTY) 
3. 
Implementation of Windows Server Update Services 
4. Installation of Kaspersky in Server 
 Scope of Work: 
1. Server Booting & Raid Configurations for Dell 740 Server 
2. 
Installation & configuration 2VMware vSphere 7 in Server 2019 Dell 740 
3. G-suite Mail Server to Office 365 migration 
4. Installation & Configuration WSUS in Server 2019 
5. 
Installation & Configuration Antivirus Kaspersky in Server 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Q. Last reply: 27 days ago  Saudi Arabia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Api Integration for E-commerce project 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 We are looking to hire freelancers who can work on our project for a duration for minimum 8 hours a day. The total project duration would be 4-6 months. 
 Required Skills: 
- Java 
- Microservices 
- API Integration 
- CI/CD 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  O. S. India 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 months ago 
 Infrastructure / dev ops 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Looking for an experienced dev ops for some freelancing work around cloud infrastructure, Kubernetes, clusters. Need someone with experience in various cloud tools that can provide recommendations. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Other 
 Other roles needed  : Dev Ops 
 Published by:  H. United Kingdom Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 4 months ago 
 Integration google classroom in platform Zend2(php) 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Hello, some expert in google classroom integration to be able to integrate it with a platform that is developed in zend2 (php) 
 Our platform is educational management for schools, we also have our virtual classroom, 
but we don't have live sessions like google classroom with google meet 
 FUNCTIONALITIES 
 - In our platform we have our list of teachers, students and courses that we want to integrate 
with google classroom, all the management (if you register, edit, delete a student, teacher or course) 
we want it to be done from our platform and synchronized in 
google classroom 
 - In our platform we have an agenda and we want that from that option 
teachers can schedule their classes or live sessions, which will be synchronized in google classroom 
 - when teachers enter google classroom 
Their assigned courses and their students who are in charge must already be configured 
Since that configuration the administrator does it from our platform. 
 - From our platform, students will have to see the teacher's recorded classes when 
use the google meet 
 NOTE: WE ONLY NEED TO DO THE FUNCTIONALITIES THAT HAVE BEEN DESCRIBED, IF THERE IS ANY option 
WHAT HAS TO BE DEVELOPED TO BE ABLE TO INTEGRATE THAT FUNCTIONALITY OF GOOGLE CLASSROOM'S APIREST, 
WE WILL BE IN CHARGE 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  M. I. Last reply: 4 months ago  Peru 
 USD 100 - 250 
 5 months ago 
 Developing web applications with Wordpress on cloud environment 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 5 
 - Minimum 2+ years of experience in PHP development, with experience in developing web applications with WordPress on cloud environment; 
- Knowledgeable in PHP, MySQL, Linux, HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3; 
- Possess experience with WordPress plugins for Ecommerce, lms, ui design, smtp mail, gamification, currency, booking, google analytics; 
- possess knowledge of good google cloud (i.G. gcp, cdn, load balancing, api) knowledge & coding standards (to prevent security breaches) will be an added advantage; 
- highly motivated to excel and pick up emerging technologies; 
- possess a good command of english, as well as analytical and excellent problem-solving skills; 
- ability to work independently with minimal supervision; 
- possess good debugging skills: able to troubleshoot and modify premade plugins; 
- knowledgeable about seo and sem best practices. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  J. L. Malaysia 
 USD 250 - 500 
 5 months ago 
 Data scraping 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 9 
 platform  to Data scraping, breaking captcha, getting data from image, on web 
platform  to Data scraping, breaking captcha, getting data from image, on web 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  M. Last reply: 5 months ago  Peru 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 months ago 
 An app that allows downloading documents 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Want a simple mobile android app that charges customers for downloading books and documents. Paypal and other Paytm and cashfree payment integration required. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 Published by:  M. F. Sri Lanka 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
