Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Lead 
 Roots 
 __Pickering, ON 
 Apply Now 
 460 - Pickering Town Centre, 1355 Kingston Road, Unit 150, Pickering, Ontario, Canada Req #71 
Saturday, November 28, 2020 
WHY JOIN ROOTS? 
Roots is not only a brand, it’s a culture and lifestyle. We look for dynamic individuals who are not only interested in retail and fashion, but who enjoy challenges and share our vision for a safer, cleaner, healthier planet. 
 In addition to our customers, an intrinsic part of our success has always been the people who work here. Roots is a company in which you can grow and benefit from the great opportunities often available. All members of our team are encouraged to ‘spread their roots’. 
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR? 
 The Team Lead links the leadership team and the sales associates by assisting in the operational functions of the store, and motivating the team to exceed goals. Reporting directly to the Store Manager, the Team Lead provides support and coverage to the Store and Assistant Managers in their absence. They model desired selling and customer service behaviours at all times to promote an environment focused on consistent, exceptional and positive in-store experience to customers and employees. 
 To be successful, you’ll need to possess: 
1 + years related experience in a retail apparel environment, luxury retail experience is a plus; 
 Proven ability to successfully lead a sales team; viewed as a leader among peers; 
 Proven experience with POS management, daily banking procedures, and submitting timely reports; 
 Strong organization, and problem solving skills; 
 Passion for upholding an exceptional customer experience; 
 Collaborate with others, yet be self-motivated; 
 Available for varied weekly shifts, including weekends, closing and holidays. 
 THE IMPACT YOU'LL HAVE 
 This is an opportunity to shape our company’s future by: 
Demonstrate a customer obsessed selling culture and build brand loyalty through excellent product knowledge; 
Partner with store management to execute action plans that optimize results and ensure effective execution of all store operational activities; 
Contributes ideas and solutions to the leadership team that results in increased productivity and improved operations of the store; 
Assist store management in conducting new associate onboarding and trainings; 
Coaches associates on customer service fundamentals and provides positive feedback; 
Assists in resolving customer service matters; 
Oversees and delegates tasks to team to best maximize efficiency of store operations; 
Communicates individual and/or team performance feedback to store management; 
Ensure team receives scheduled breaks and/or meal periods; 
Creates an open outward communication on the sales floor; 
Ensure adherence to all company policies, procedures and guidelines; 
Perform opening and closing procedures, and any inventory duties as directed. 
 SOUND LIKE YOU? APPLY NOW! 
 We’d like to thank everyone who applies, but we can only contact applicants who are most qualified. 
 Roots Corporation offers a culture that fosters inclusion and respect. We are committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the AODA. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process, applicants are asked to make their needs/requirements known. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
