Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 7 Tools to Improve Your Writing 
 Robert Morris    6th February    Business   4 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=7%20Tools%20to%20Improve%20Your%20Writing%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fimprove-writing%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you are aiming toward great success in the business world, then you have to pay attention to your  writing skills . 
 Emails are often the first tool of communication between business people, so the impression these messages leave is essential for successful collaboration. 
 If you are part of the business world, then you probably don’t have time to spend entire days  reading  books and practicing your writing skills. 
 However, that doesn’t mean you should give up. You can polish your writing skills and become a more successful business person with a few tools. 
 1. Dragon Dictation 
 This tool enables you to multitask like a pro. You can speak the message into your smartphone, tablet, or computer and let the  Dragon Dictation  tool convert it into written text. 
 There are no silly mistakes with this software, but it’s still wise to check the message before sending it. Besides relying on the tool when “writing” emails, you can also use it to create Word documents or posts to  social media . 
 2. NinjaEssays 
 If you are not a native English speaker but you use the language daily when communicating with business partners, you have to do your best to  polish emails  before sending them. 
 A simple error can lead to misunderstandings. An essay writing service like  NinjaEssays  offers expert writers and editors who will help you write in a clear and concise manner. 
 This tool has been gaining an increased amount of attention in the business world lately, simply because it saves a lot of time and delivers immediate results. 
 3. WordStream 
 Online content to supporting your business is extremely important in the Internet era. The quality of the content you publish is undeniably important, but so is its  search engine optimization . 
 WordStream  will analyze your text and tell you how to make it more appealing and accessible to search engine users. Don’t let the potential of your online marketing campaign be wasted when a simple tool can help you get the best out of it. 
 4. Scrivener 
 If you have to write lengthy projects, business plans and reports, then you will definitely appreciate  Scrivener . When compared with Word, which enables you to craft documents in a linear manner, Scrivener is much more organic. 
 It allows you to work on the document in sections and move between different parts until you get everything well-organized. You can insert notes when new  ideas  hit you, so you will be able to come back to those parts later on. The tool is available for both Windows and Mac. 
 5. Email Excellence 
 No matter what type of assistance you use, you will eventually need to learn how to write your own emails.  This tool  will provide you with templates for different types of messages, so it will be simpler for you to construct a proper email by following the basic outline. 
 In addition, you can also take part in training programs and workshops focused on improving your basic  writing skills . 
 6. Community Media Workshop 
 This  online tool  will help you master an essential business skill: writing press releases. It doesn’t matter whether you are promoting a new product, website or an important  event , you need to know how to make it attractive through the press. 
 Journalistic style is not easy to grasp, but this workshop will guide you through the main parts of press release writing and help you create them yourself. 
 7. Docstoc 
 The world of business is often intertwined with  law , so you may need the help of lawyers throughout your career. However, that doesn’t mean that you should rely on them every time you need a termination of employment or confidentiality agreement. 
 Docstoc  will help learn how to create customized business forms that you’ll commonly need. The website is also a useful source of articles for aspiring business people. 
 Many business people don’t like this fact, but writing still remains a crucial part of their career. You must be able to  communicate  effectively if you want to become more successful and more respected in what you do. 
 Instead of spending an entire hour in the attempt to craft a perfect short email for your new business partner, now you can rely on the above-listed tools to make your job much easier. 
 What tools do you use to improve your writing skills? 
 (   Photo   by Mathias Klang /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Communication (89) 
 
 
 effective writing (2) 
 
 
 improve writing (1) 
 
 
 success (24) 
 
 
 writing (31) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Robert Morris  |  Other Articles 
 Robert Morris is a self publishing assistant from NYC. Circle Robert on  Google+ ! 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     6 Tips for Traveling with the Boss  
  _ _     Binding to Maximize Business Efficiency  
  _ _     The Sanity of Plain Language  
 
 Discussion 
 
 4 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Foundaspace  on the 16th March 
 
 Reply   
 My writing skills are kinda poor. I haven't heard about some of the tools as you mention in this article.This does help me a lot in improving my writing skills.Thanks for the great share! 🙂 
 * **james** on the 7th July 
 
 Really really very thanks for the share. Helpful article. actually i was feel hard to write my writing task and i was used one cheap essay writing service( http://www.essayguardian.com ) from the web to complete my writing task in my academic life. But now, i got so many idea to write a effeminacy essay papers from here. 
 
 Lisa Rose  on the 26th May 
 
 Reply   
 Writing skill is where most of us experience the slip and there you have brought the highly effective tools to improve writing. Really a great post! 
 
 Marcelina Jaboska  on the 6th July 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for the good shortlist. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
