[ 
 Inner Workings of My Mind 
 Just another WordPress.com weblog 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/ "Inner Workings of My Mind") 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Egypt 
 Just me 
 Sport 
 Travel 
 Trans-European Cycle 
 Kilimanjaro Diaries 
 My Real-Life Amazing Race Against a Volcano 
 Revisiting Islam 
 UK 
 
 Search for: 
 career 
 [ 
 A Life of Adventure Impossible to Have 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2014/07/04/a-life-of-adventure-impossible-to-have/) 
 It’s back.  
 The restlessness. 
 I almost thought I was cured. 
 I came back from an amazing two months of cycling across Europe and I finally felt content. 
 I was happy just recovering from the after-pains, relaxing and reading a book, watching my crappy reality television shows. 
 I found pleasure cooking for myself and for my family at home after two months of eating at restaurants. 
 I was enjoying testing out my general fitness by going back to the gym and by trying to run again. I discovered that I had great lower body strength, I ran 5km faster than I ever had before, my cardio was going strong, but I have zero upper body strength, my hamstrings aren’t stretching the way they used to, my knees make crunching sounds whenever I go up stairs, and I feel lots of pain all over my body after a normal workout at the gym. 
 I’ve been back for 19 days. It’s only been 19 days. And I feel – again – that something significant is missing from my life. 
 I need purpose. I need a project. I need to be doing something. But not just anything. I need something I can be passionate about again.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me ,  Sport  and tagged  adventure ,  career ,  confusion ,  employment ,  enjoyment ,  inspiration ,  longing ,  Passion ,  purpose ,  restlessness ,  unemployment  on  July 4, 2014  by  nadiaelawady .  14 Comments  [ 
 Cycling Europe Day 38: When Passion Wears You Down 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2014/05/21/cycling-europe-day-38-when-passion-wears-you-down/) 
 I've had a few jobs that I've absolutely loved. Have you? You know how you just love  going to work, you love what you do, you enjoy it, and you wouldn't give it up for anything? But still there are times when you thank God that the weekend has arrived. Or you can't wait for your next holiday. Or you come home one evening completely exhausted and you wonder how you'll manage to keep going? 
 This trip is becoming that job that I absolutely love but that also wears me down sometimes; except instead of getting paid for it I'm spending money left, right, and center. 
 I really had planned on trying to make this a budget trip. I was going to camp as much as possible to cut down the costs. But then you have many days like today where you cycle more than 100km in blazing heat and by kilometer 90 you decide, "Fuck money. Fuck, fuck, fuck money! I am not going to camp after all this. I want a room. And a bed. And space. And electricity to charge my equipment. And a decent breakfast in the morning. Fuck money!" 
 I'm feeling really worn out. 
 I think the Slovenians traumatized me.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Sport ,  Travel ,  Travelblogs  and tagged  austria ,  bike routes ,  bike touring ,  career ,  cycling ,  Europe ,  graz ,  langenwang ,  Passion ,  slovenia ,  slovenians ,  Stork ,  touring ,  Travel ,  work  on  May 21, 2014  by  nadiaelawady .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Struggling to Find My Calling in Life 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2013/12/14/struggling-to-find-my-calling-in-life/) 
 It has been a very long time since I’ve known what I want to do in life. I’ve been racking my head over it now for months, probably longer. And I’m getting absolutely nowhere. 
 Yesterday I came out of watching The Hobbit thinking that maybe what I need to do is spend the next two years learning Kung Fu. Then maybe I could go back to Egypt and use my Kung Fu superpowers to save the country from the evil dragons that have taken over the country. I really did decide this was going to be my calling. Those elves and their martial arts really got to my head. 
 Two days ago I decided that spending so much time on social media was not helping me figure out my calling. Perhaps if I cut back significantly I would be able to spend more time figuring it all out. I have been using social media quite heavily for several years now and it has definitely not helped me find my calling; the evidence being that it has gotten me absolutely nowhere. I did go through a phase where I felt that communicating through Facebook and Twitter had become my job. My husband once asked me to put down my phone and to focus on the moment that we were in – we were travelling somewhere. I replied, “But Colin. This is what I DO!” I have definitely been through phases where I have thought that my Twitter and Facebook followers were hanging on my every word. When did it become so important for me to communicate my every thought to a virtual world? Two days ago when I made my decision to cut down on social media, a thought came to my head and I struggled with myself for hours not to write down on Facebook. I told myself that if I still felt it was important later that evening then I could write it to the world then. I didn’t. The status would have read, “The women at my gym in the UK show hardly any emotion when they workout while I grimace and curse the whole time. I wonder what they are like during child birth.” Clearly this is a completely inconsequential thing to say. Before the Internet, that thought would go through my head and it would then die there. Now it comes into my head and I have to tell the world. What is that all about? I must admit that I am now relieved it is out there in the world through this blog post, though. 
 But no. I have decided that social media cannot be my calling. 
 I have not always been at a loss like this.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me  and tagged  calling ,  career ,  family ,  God ,  Islam ,  Journalism ,  journey ,  life's meaning ,  meaning ,  Muslim Brotherhood ,  proselytizing ,  science journalism ,  social media ,  the meaning of life ,  Travel ,  travelling ,  work  on  December 14, 2013  by  nadiaelawady .  7 Comments  [ 
 My Self-Doubting Demons 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2013/06/10/my-self-doubting-demons/) 
 For years I have battled with self-doubt. It is a horrible affliction to have to deal with. Without anyone’s interference, I will sometimes doubt my ability to succeed in a career. I will sometimes doubt my ability to be a good parent. I will sometimes doubt my ability to be a good wife. I will sometimes doubt my ability to write well. The list goes on and on. 
 There are always reasons for my self-doubt. I might have met with failure at one point in my career. I might have been rejected after an interview. I may have had an article return to me from an editor with a million and one red marks on it. I may feel guilty for devoting part of my time to things other than my children, who, in my heart, I always feel deserve 100 percent of my time. 
 Some of my reasons for self-doubt are real and others are only in my head. I have messed up miserably many a time in my career, in my writing, as a wife, and in my parenting. When most people mess up, they inevitably doubt their abilities to do better. That happens to me all the time. 
 But then I pick myself up. I am actually quite good at that. I will make horrible horrible mistakes, but then I will recognize them for what they are: mistakes.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me  and tagged  career ,  parenting ,  promises ,  self-doubt ,  self-validation  on  June 10, 2013  by  nadiaelawady .  2 Comments  [ 
 Why I Have Decided to Live My Life and Why That Doesn’t Mean My Life Is Perfect 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2013/05/20/why-i-have-decided-to-live-my-life-and-why-that-doesnt-mean-my-life-is-perfect/) 
 Sometime around my early to mid-thirties, I decided I needed to make some changes in my life. I was a fulltime mother and housewife at the time. And I was more than happy to continue doing that indefinitely. I absolutely loved, and still do, taking care of my children and managing the household. But I had come to the realization, observing my and my siblings relationships with my own parents, that children grow up and go on to have their own lives. If I didn’t find something to occupy my time, in addition to my children, a day will come when I will feel very alone. I was also feeling a need to be financially independent. At the time, my thinking on the matter wasn’t feminist in the slightest. I wasn’t thinking that I needed to be my own independent person and part of that independence was my financial independence. I simply wanted to have enough money to buy a nice shampoo every now and then without my husband complaining about how I was spending “our” money. And I wanted to be able to get my children nice things when I wanted to. 
 Shortly after I came to these realizations, I began to work. Becoming a career woman radically changed my life.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me ,  Sport  and tagged  career ,  feminism ,  God ,  journey ,  life ,  living ,  physical fitness ,  Travel  on  May 20, 2013  by  nadiaelawady .  7 Comments  [ 
 The Career Struggles of a Woman 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2013/01/31/the-career-struggles-of-a-woman/) 
 I find myself – again – in a very difficult and uncomfortable position. I am unable to make the career choices and decisions I would like to make – that I NEED to make even – because I feel I need to wait for other people around me to make their own decisions first. 
 How many other women live their lives this way? 
 When I gave birth to my children, I made the decision not to work. This was a very conscious decision on my behalf. It was a very easy decision. My children were my priority. They were babies. They needed a parent to give them fulltime care for a certain period of time. That parent would be me, their mother. Their father would play the other traditional role of providing for us. I was happy with my decision for the first years of our marriage. But then the children started growing older and I realized three things: we needed more money as a family, I needed to be financially independent, and I needed to have something to occupy myself when the children started going to school. 
 This was when I made the conscious decision to start working. I was very fortunate to find my way into journalism and it became my passion. But I was always “limited” in the choices I could make because of my responsibilities towards my children.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Egypt ,  Just me ,  UK  and tagged  career ,  Egypt ,  family ,  gender ,  professional development ,  salary ,  security ,  stability ,  UK ,  women  on  January 31, 2013  by  nadiaelawady .  21 Comments  [ 
 26 Things I Learned in 2012 (and Thereabouts) 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2013/01/03/25-things-i-learned-in-2012-and-thereabouts/) 
 
 Your family and your personal wellbeing always trump work. 
 Your personal integrity is more important than a good salary. 
 Love can be found on the tops of mountains. 
 Never give up on the idea of finding your prince charming. He’s out there somewhere if you look hard enough. 
 The very very hard times WILL be followed by good times so just hang in there a little bit longer. It will get better. 
 Don’t worry too much about the details. Focus on the big picture. 
 Sometimes your psyche and your body are yelling, “Give us a break!” Listen to them. Every now and then we need to give ourselves time to heal and to rejuvenate. 
 Earth is such a beautiful planet. Make a point to see as much of it as you can manage. 
 Earth is such a beautiful planet. It’s your responsibility to take care of it. 
 Great friends are few and priceless. Hold onto them for dear life. 
 Children are God’s greatest blessing. Treat them with respect and sensitivity. 
 Be true to yourself. To do that you must know who you are. To do that, look within. Do not be confused by other people’s perceptions of who they think you are or who they want you to be. 
 Value relationships with loved ones by keeping them strong. This requires lots of hard work. It’s worth it. 
 To keep fit and healthy one must work hard and feel the pain. 
 Don’t let the fitness of others demotivate you. If you continue to exercise, you can be as fit as they are one day. 
 70-year-olds who are consistent in their workout routines can be more fit than many 30-year-olds. These people deserve respect. 
 Nothing bad will happen to you if you run in the rain or in sub-zero temperatures so just toughen up and get your jogging routine done. 
 Live life. You only have one chance to do it. 
 Don’t live your life through others. Decide what it is you would rather be doing and put together a plan to do it. 
 There is nothing wrong with being 44-years-old and still not knowing what you want to be when you grow up (or wanting to be lots of different things). 
 As you get older, your skin will droop and your hair will grow grey. Deal with it. 
 When your country and your countrymen seem to be drowning in a sea of negativity, do what you can to be a drop of positivity in that sea. 
 Democracy doesn’t come in 18 days. Hope and dignity do. 
 Faith is a very personal matter. Do not let others tell you how your faith should be. 
 Never dispose of common sense…especially when it comes to matters of faith. 
 Do not allow others to dictate to you how your life should be lived, what you should believe, or how you should behave. They are doing what they want to do. You do what you want to do. 
 
 Posted in  Just me ,  Sport  and tagged  belief ,  career ,  children ,  democracy ,  earth ,  exercise ,  faith ,  family ,  fitness ,  friends ,  friendship ,  integrity ,  life ,  love ,  relationships ,  Travel ,  wellbeing ,  wisdom  on  January 3, 2013  by  nadiaelawady .  1 Comment  [ 
 Achieving the Ever Effervescent Work-Life Balance 
 ](https://nadiaelawady.wordpress.com/2012/01/18/achieving-the-ever-effervescent-work-life-balance/) 
 How can one strike a healthy work-life balance? Is it possible to be successful both in your professional life and your personal life? These are questions that we all ask ourselves at one or more points in our lives. The fact that you are asking yourself these questions is good. It means you have slowed down enough to evaluate where you are now and where you would like to be heading. 
 Defining success is a good place to start. Each one of us defines it differently. A good general definition that can apply to anyone is that success is what gives you a feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment. Success depends on what your objectives are. Imagine yourself after retirement looking back on the past 40 years. Do you feel you’ve accomplished something with your life? Do you feel you lived your life to the fullest? Do you feel you’ve left a positive lasting mark on society…on someone…anyone? Is your life now – at retirement – as satisfying as it was before you retired? Have you structured your life so that satisfaction lasts a lifetime? 
 If your answer to one or more of the above questions is no, you need to re-think your life strategy.  (more…) 
 Posted in  Just me ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  balance ,  career ,  child rearing ,  dreams ,  fulfillment ,  priorities ,  satisfaction ,  work ,  work-life  on  January 18, 2012  by  nadiaelawady .  4 Comments 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 80,948 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow @NadiaE on Twitter 
 
 RT @ ScriptTraining : .@ SciDevNet  launches free course to help journalists report the science of COVID-19   scidev.net/global/script-…   #COVID19  #…  2 days ago 
 
 Copyright notice 
 © Nadia El-Awady and Inner Workings of My Mind. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Small excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Nadia El-Awady and Inner Workings of My Mind with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Sara Hegazy and the freedom to be yourself 
 The hiking kings of Sweden's Kungsleden Trail 
 Moments of clarity from within an anxiety-induced brain fog 
 What it means to become British 
 Giving context to loneliness 
 West Highland Way: A Spur of the Moment Challenge 
 Lessons forgotten and wisdom long-gone 
 Poppy the Cat 
 Post-race depression? Breaking the cycle 
 A jihad against jihad (struggle) 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Dream Diary Egypt Just me Reviews    Book reviews    Movie reviews Revisiting Islam Science journalism Sport Travel    Kilimanjaro    Mont Blanc    Racing a Volcano    Travelblogs UK Uncategorized مختبر الفيديو بلوج 
 Subscribe to Inner Workings of My Mind 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 80,948 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 June Panorama 2011…  on  I've Gone and Done It No… 
 
 
 
 
 Αλή Αλ-Γιουνάνι on  Hijab and Western Discrim… 
 
 
 
 anna on  Me and my second-grade cr… 
 
 
 
 nadiaelawady on  Sara Hegazy and the freedom to… 
 
 
 
 michelle wong on  Sara Hegazy and the freedom to… 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
