  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne 
 Rate:  £31k - 44k per year 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Nurse 
 Nurse Seekers are recruiting an exceptional Staff Nurse for their client's charity run care group situated in Newcastle upon Tyne. 
 The home prides itself on offering a friendly care environment whilst practicing the highest standard of care. 
 To compliment this, they are now looking for an RGN RMN or RNLD Qualified Nurse of the highest standard. 
 Reporting to the Home Manager you will be responsible for providing a exceptional service of care and be able to respond quickly in changes in circumstance. 
 The home places an emphasis on creating an enriching environment and a sense of normality for its residents, therefore a calm, collected and friendly approach is required. 
 You will use all of your experience and skills as a Qualified Nurse, to provide the best care possible in order to provide the homes residents with the best possible quality of life. 
 Our client is willing to provide a competitive hourly rate, which is negotiable based on level of experience. 
 Full training and support is provided for the successful candidate, as well as a thorough induction program. 
 Our client places emphasis on promoting from within so there will be many opportunities for career advancement for the successful candidate. 
 You will also be remunerated with a great payrate have a full induction process support with your CPD, our client will also pay your NMC revalidation and offer Childcare vouchers along with free uniform. 
 If you are looking to relocate to the area my client is also in a position to assist with a rental deposit be a guarantor on your property and support you in the process of relocating. 
 If you are looking to make a move to an exciting and progressive new career path as an RGN RMN or RNLD Qualified Nurse, then please contact one of our consultants on 01926 676369 to register your details. 
 We look forward to helping you. 
 Nurse Seekers are always seeking RGN RMN or RNLD Qualified Nurse, RGNs RMNs RNLDs for posts all over the UK. 
 If you are currently seeking a post as a Home Manager, Clinical Lead or Deputy Manager or in any other capacity then please send your CV to us along with your requirements and we will endeavour to find the right position for you. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £31k - 44k per year 
 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Nurse Seekers 
 
 
 Contact:  Chris Bradbury 
 
 
 Tel:  01926 676369 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  N1646 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-30 17:24:03 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Nurse Seekers  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Nurse Seekers 
 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Anaesthetic Nurse 
 Night Nurse 
 Qualified Nurse 
 Nursing Home Manager 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Support Worker 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Private Hospital 
 Non-Medical Prescriber Deputy Manager RMN or RGN 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Registered Nurse 
 School Nurse 
 Registered Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
