Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Quality Assurance - Edibles (West) 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Leduc, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 Quality Assurance Manager, Edible Production (West) 
 Reporting to the Director, Quality Assurance – Edibles, the Quality Assurance Manager, Edible Production (West) will ensure consistent quality of edible cannabis production by enforcing appropriate Preventative Control Plans, in conjunction with existing GPP and GMP systems. 
 This will be a 15-month term position, located at our Leduc, AB facility. This position will be responsible to provide quality management for and support for all edible manufacturing in the western region. 
 MAIN RESPONSBILITIES: 
Achieve Quality Assurance operational objectives by contributing information and analysis to strategic plans and reviews; identify and resolve problems; identify and implement system improvements, standards and drive positive change. 
Participate in developing and maintaining of all required PCP’s (Preventative Control Plan) for edible cannabis product manufacturing. 
Manage emerging issues (e.g. new safety or quality finding) and associated risk communications to stakeholders for edible cannabis products, and escalate to the director as required 
Provide metrics and data of ongoing quality systems to the director as required. 
Assist in defining and implementing responsibility matrices between existing quality roles and edible quality roles to ensure all goals are met in a compliant manner. 
Mentor direct reports and other employees in implementing continuous product improvement initiatives for edible cannabis product manufacturing. 
Manage compliance within any western edible manufacturing teams by ensuring global, regional and local processes, policies, SOPs and working instructions are adhered to. 
Execute QA plans by assisting in conducting hazard analyses; identifying critical control points and preventive measures; establishing critical limits, monitoring procedures, corrective actions and verification procedures for all edible products in the western region. 
Work closely with the Corporate Product Development team to ensure that all products are being developed in a manner complaint with all applicable regulations, policies and procedures. 
Prepare quality documentation and reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends including failed processes, stability studies, recalls, corrective actions and re-validations. 
Manage and train QA employees required to support the edible product manufacturing regionally. 
Other duties as assigned by the Director, Quality Assurance – Edibles 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Degree or diploma in food science or other applicable science 
3+ years' relevant experience in QA in a relevant field such as food manufacturing, Natural Health Product manufacturing or Drug Product manufacturing. 
Minimum 1 year’ experience in a managerial role 
Experience or an ability to demonstrate competency in GFSI and other quality management programs, including ISO 22000-2017, FSC 22000, ISO/TS 22002-series, ISO 9001-2015, GMP, HACCP, CODEX, COR, associated FSMS and lean manufacturing principles. 
Understanding of the application of laws, regulations, and policies for safe food manufacturing as it applies to cannabis edible product manufacturing. 
Ability to interpret and understand Regulations in the context of the scientific and commercial environment. 
Strong scientific writing skills are required and ability to interpret biostatistics desired. 
Team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Ability to anticipate and communicate potential risks and strategize creative, workable solutions. 
Bilingual (English/French) is considered an asset. 
Strategic thinker adept at working cross-functionally to achieve goals in a timely manner 
Self-starter with a strong ability to multi-task to meet multiple deadlines and changing priorities. 
Proficiency in MS Office, particularly Excel and experience using ERP systems. 
Experience with process flow software such as Lucid Chart or Visio and Smartsheets would be considered an asset. 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
