  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Junior Brand Marketing Enthusiast 
 at Duel 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Brand Marketing Enthusiast (for an eCommerce/Retail tech startup 
 London, UK 
 We are looking for a Brand Marketing enthusiast to join our fast-growing marketing-tech startup. 
 This role is aimed at innate brand builders with a passion for building brand stories from the ground up. You will probably have had experience in brand marketing for a brand or retailer, and are looking for a new way to utilise your skills and experience. You'll most likely have a great interest in understanding what makes great brands great, be an avid supporter of the brands you love and innately understand how to articulate a brand story. 
 THE COMPANY 
 Duel has developed both the technology and methodology to enable purpose-led brands to drive organic growth through word of mouth and advocacy. 
 Duel is demystifying word-of-mouth marketing and breaking a brand's reliance on digital advertising and other short-form marketing practices to deliver organic growth at scale.  We do this through a platform combining the Duel software, our community of brand builders and our education around organic growth. 
 The Duel software is a Brand Advocacy Platform that drives organic growth and retention for high passion brands. The platform scales management of the brand's relationship with thousands of their advocates through Advocacy Programs that engage, retain and drive word-of-mouth sales. 
 The platform combines different advocacy tools (including brand challenges, UGC, referrals, loyalty, affiliates and surveys), under one platform so brands can build rich, customer membership clubs and VIP programs with airline style 'status' tiers, groups and segmentation. 
 Founded by world-record breaking adventurer and former brand ambassador, Paul Archer, and viral games developer, Panaiotis Tsarouchis, the Duel team is made up of psychologists, brand experts and community builders from companies including Amazon and Lululemon. The platform is used by brands such as Monica Vinader, King of Shaves, Frugi and Mud Jeans and has consulted with over 450 brands including Amex, Travelex, M&S, Philips, Boots, Schuh and TopShop. 
 Duel was featured in Gartner's 'Cool Vendor' Retail Marketing category. 
 THE JOB 
 We are looking for a Brand Marketing Enthusiast to join the team. Working with some of the best brands from all over the world, the role focuses on working with and expanding Duel's community of brands by helping them understand the science behind organic growth and brand advocacy. 
 Working closely with the MD and community & network team, you will run workshops and masterclasses to assist and add value to the Duel community of brand builders.  You will be  training to eventually lead brands through the planning phase of their advocacy journey, as well as using your skills and knowledge to refresh the strategy of existing customers. You will work towards becoming a thought leader in the Brand Advocacy space and growing this nascent marketing category. 
 THE ROLE 
 
 Taking ownership to devise, grow and nurture the Duel community of Brand Builders 
 Utilise experience building a brand to support in building out the Duel brand 
 Work closely with the team and the Duel community to deliver effective thought-leadership pieces  (written, audio, video) with support from the content team 
 Research community issues to understand and address the needs of different customer groups. 
 Use knowledge learned through working with brands to work closely with the product team to help drive Duel and the product forward 
 Spread the word about brand advocacy and help the team create the category 
 Refining the Duel Brand Story and expanding our community of brands 
 
 THE PERSON 
 
 You have an interest and understanding of what makes great brands, great 
 You'll be an utterly lovely human being with a personable, warm and inviting personality - you work well in a team and people generally want to be around you 
 Excellent communication skills: proven ability to articulate ideas and concepts in written form, presentation form in both pre-planned and ad-hoc scenarios 
 Understands how to leverage customer insight as a springboard of creativity to unlock growth 
 Solutions-oriented approach; ability to pivot conversations and recommend creative solutions 
 A creative thinker who brings contrarian, provocative and remarkable ideas to the table 
 Very curious and aware, you follow interesting people & projects, and use them to inspire you 
 Must be eligible to work in the UK 
 
 EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Experience with working for a notable retail, consumer or D2C brand in brand marketing/management 
 Proven interest in all areas brand building 
 Degree educated plus additional marketing qualification preferred 
 
 THE OPPORTUNITY 
 You will be joining an exciting startup that is revolutionising the marketing industry. The Duel software came out of a beta in March '20 and has grown 4x in the last 12 months with substantial growth planned for '21. As consumer behaviour changes, brands are looking for ways to amplify and tell their brand story through their most important asset - their customers. You will be instrumental in creating the category of Brand Advocacy marketing to allow brands to achieve this. You will have a strong hand in creating the playbook for creating & deploying Brand Advocacy Programs, that will be a key line of every brand's P&L in a couple years time. You will have the opportunity to own a part of this exciting business, as we pave the way for the next generation of marketing. 
 WHAT WE OFFER 
 
 Flexible working hours and home working options - if you need to fit around childcare, want to work odd hours or need to do fewer than 5 days a week, we can make it work 
 25 days holiday (and we don't really count) If you don't need to be in the office, do the work required from anywhere in the world - Google Hangouts is a wonderful thing. 
 On-going training where required 
 Perks: gym membership, Headspace subscription and work-related or personal growth reading/Audible budget, cycle to work scheme 
 Options scheme for all full-time employees - it's important to us that everybody owns a part of the company and shares in the benefits of what we build 
 Competitive salary 
 We're on a mission to build a remarkable company, with remarkable people and a remarkable culture that you will want to shout from the rooftops about - in a relaxed, flexible and fun environment, the team is driven to making the business a success, while enjoying what we do and who we do it with. 
 
 HOW DO I APPLY? 
 Please send us your CV (no cover letters please) to the email address specified in the ad with the job title as the subject line. 
 (No recruiters, please! We would rather save the money and put it towards an awesome team day out. Also, no phone calls. Everything must be done by email. Cheers!) 
 ***Duel is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We know some folk tend to only apply for jobs when they meet all the criteria (Ladies, we 're looking at you) - if you think you might be able to do this role (or even grow into it), ping us your CV as we often pool CVs for other roles.   Remember, if Kanye can think he 's qualified for the job of president of the United States, you're probably going to be just fine. 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability or age.*** 
 Published at 27 Nov 2020 - Expires on 27 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Duel 
 fulltime  Brand Account Manager  at Duel in London 
 __27-11-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
