
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 You're probably not one to take a job just to make your friends jealous, but in case you are, Overtime is hiring a Senior Product Designer in Brooklyn, NY, USA. 
 About 
 Overtime is looking for a Senior Product Designer to join our growing design team. We are a team made up of creative and smart designers who like to think differently. We are passionate about our work and the well-being of each other. You will mainly be part of the core mobile app design team that develops new features; from visualizing early ideas, to making sure what we give to users is awesome and exciting. This role may also include support for other design needs such as digital, interactive, print, illustration and apparel. 
 About Overtime 
Overtime is a sports network for the next generation of fans. We use tech, new platforms, and new formats to drive more than 1 billion video views each month. Based in NYC, Overtime is funded by top VC firms like Spark Capital, Andreessen Horowitz and Greycroft Ventures as well as industry leaders like Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony and the late NBA Commissioner David Stern. 
 What you’ll do 
-Develop innovative UI that will increase and improve user experience and brand awareness 
-Visually craft representations of the Overtime brand through design initiatives such as product logos and graphic systems, brand support materials and presentations and user interfaces 
-Work closely and collaboratively with the Design Director and other product team members 
-Communicate design functionality to our development team 
-Design test your work and log bugs 
-Participate in our weekly design critiques 
-Execute projects from ideation to delivery efficiently and at a high level 
-Explore diverse areas of focus that are non-obvious to gather inspiration — Be different 
 Who you are 
-5+ years of professional product design experience for social and consumer-facing products across multiple platforms (desktop and mobile) 
-Expert-level knowledge of Figma, Photoshop, Illustrator and Keynote 
-Awesome prototyping and presentation skills 
-Strong sense of typography 
-Located in greater New York City area or willing to relocate post-COVID 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7630-overtime-senior-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Design, Figma, iOS, Keynote 
 Date Posted 
 November 2, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Melissa Pearson 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 How to apply 
Send your resume and cover letter to DesignRoles@itsovertime.com with the subject line “Senior Product Designer - Your Name (City, State).” 
 In your email, please include: 
- A link to your digital portfolio with examples of your best product design work 
- Provide an overview of why you’re a great fit and why you want THIS job specifically and not just any job at Overtime 
- How you heard about this job 
- What do you like about Overtime design? What do you think needs improvement? 
Of your work, what are you most proud of and why? 
- What are your biggest design influences (people, things, etc) 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
