  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Bromley, England 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Senior Practitioner 
 Bromley Council is looking for a Senior Practitioner for the safeguarding team based at the civic centre 
 Salary: up to £45,159 per annum 
 plus £2,000 annual retention payment, a £2,000 Golden Hello and lease car 
 This is an exciting time to join Bromley in transforming services for children. 
 This role provides you with a unique opportunity to be innovative and aspirational for children. 
 Children's Social Care at the London Borough of Bromley is on a journey of change and improvement and we are seeking highly talented and ambitious people to join us. 
 Over the past 24 months Children's Social Care at Bromley has changed. 
 We've made a huge investment in increasing our staff numbers and lowering our caseloads. 
 As we continue to fill up our teams with permanent staff join us on our journey whilst you still can! 
 The Bromley caseload promise has become a reality. 
 Senior Practitioners in the Safeguarding and Care Planning team have an average caseload of just 12-15 children which allows you the time to focus on undertaking quality Social Work. 
 You will have the time to focus on the child as well as yourself, your own development and career ambitions. 
 At Bromley we have structured career pathways which start from the Assessed and Supported Year in Employment all the way up to Head of Service so there is no journey too big or too small at Bromley. 
 We are launching our Social Work Academy to ensure that we develop and allow our social workers to develop and progress, 
 You will be joining an ambitious service with strong leadership and clear lines of support. 
 As part of the Bromley Promise there will be a dedicated two week induction programme upon joining us, manageable caseloads, you will work in a small cluster team containing a mixture of just five Social Workers/Seniors and one Team Manager and you will have dedicated time set aside for quality reflective supervision. 
 We are confident that with your support, we will continue to provide high quality social care services to our children in Bromley as set out in our improvement and transformation plan. 
 In return we ask that you bring your passion, dedication and skills to us. 
 The Bromley Promise: 
 Manageable caseloads for every Social Worker 
Dedicated time for reflective supervision 
Generous Annual Leave Entitlement including an addition three days 
Small Cluster teams with one team manager supervising five Social Workers 
Two week protected induction programme 
Excellent Learning and development opportunities with bespoke training for every social worker 
Social Workers and team managers have easy and regular access to the leadership team 
 if you are interested in this role then please email Delanie.heyes@servicecare.org.uk or call 01772 208964 
 
 
 Start:  permanent 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Location:  Bromley, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Public_Sector 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 08:29:23 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
