
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Data Science Specialist 
 University of California, San Francisco 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Data Science Specialist 
 University of California, San Francisco 
 [](mailto:?subject=Data%20Science%20Specialist&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13912404/data-science-specialist/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 18, 2020 
 Location: 
 San Francisco, California 
 __ Show Map 
 Employment Type: 
 Full-time 
 Organization Type: 
 Higher Education Institution 
 Required Education: 
 Bachelor’s 
 Specialist Recruitment: Amorim 2020 
 Summary: 
This is an opportunity for a specialist position in the Department of Neurology and Weill Institute for Neurosciences at the University of California, San Francisco. Our Neurocritical Care research program is focused on advancing our understanding about the physiology of coma and neurological recovery after injury caused by trauma, cardiac arrest, or epilepsy. 
 Our Neurocritical Care research group employs state-of-the art statistical and machine learning approaches to decode information from massive surface and invasive brain recordings (EEG) as well as integrate this information to neuroimaging and electronic health records datasets. We are pursuing innovative and rigorous scientific research involving consciousness circuits in the brain, seizure prediction and modeling, as well as the effects of medications in brain rhythms and functional recovery after severe injury. You will join a dynamic and multi-disciplinary group of physicians, neuroscientists, and data scientists developing cutting-edge technologies and applications that leverage advanced signal processing, time-series prediction modeling, quantitative neuroimaging, using both traditional machine learning as well as deep learning approaches. We are a diverse team with members from various ethnic, gender, and language backgrounds who are poised to advance methods and knowledge in the neurosciences as well as promote the professional and personal development of all members of our team. 
 This is a specialist position with a focus on Data Science. Therefore, the position is designed to correspond closely to the Data Scientist role in industry and academia. 
 Time range: This position is funded for one year at full-time (100% time), and possibly longer depending on additional funding availability. 
 Qualifications: 
 Required 
 
 Junior rank: Bachelor’s degree in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience. 
 Assistant or Associate ranks: Master’s degree (or equivalent degree) in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or five to ten years of relevant experience. 
 Full rank: Terminal degree (or equivalent degree) in a field related to computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or ten or more years of relevant experience. 
 Demonstrated proficiency programming in MATLAB or Python as well as ability to create shells for automated analysis of data. 
 Knowledge and familiarity working with Jupyter notebooks and familiarity with version control (GitHub/Git). 
 Ability to work independently and assess need for assistance from supervisor 
 Organizational and efficiency skills including: planning and decision-making abilities to complete assigned duties in a timely manner, attention to detail, logical thinking/analytical abilities and problem-solving skills. 
 Enthusiasm, adaptability, good communication skills, and ability to work with a diverse team. 
 Ability to work and interact positively with people from diverse backgrounds. 
 
 The candidate must possess the required qualifications by the time of appointment and the candidate’s CV and/or cover letter must list qualifications (or if pending) upon submission. 
 Preferred 
 
 Masters or greater degree in a related science, or an equivalent combination of education and experience in computer science, statistics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or computational biology/neuroscience or related field. 
 Knowledge or experience with signal processing analysis such as fourier and wavelet methods using EKG, EEG, NIRS, or other physiologic time-series. 
 Knowledge or experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch. 
 Knowledge of high-performance computing and dynamic modeling methods. 
 Knowledge of database creation and management, such as experience in SQL, MongoDB, or similar platforms. 
 At least six months of experience in direct data management and analysis using medical and or health-related data. 
 
 Under the guidance and supervision of the supervisor, you will: 
 
 Perform data mining, develop algorithms, as well as analysis involving physiological and health records time-series as well as maintain the laboratory’s computational infrastructure and analysis tools. 
 Develop pipelines for data cleaning and preprocessing as well as data integrity tasks with the goal of optimizing and correcting errors, inconsistencies, or missing data needed for analyses. 
 Assist in acquiring and maintaining data acquisition from multiple sources including multimodal physiological time-series, neuroimaging, and electronic health records. 
 Organize, support, and maintain a central large research database with various data types including physiological time-series, neuroimaging, and electronic health records. 
 Assist with user-interface software development. 
 Ensure confidentiality for sensitive documents (protected health information) as per institutional guidelines. 
 
 Desirable roles: 
 
 Opportunity to collaborate with members of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery, and Radiology at UCSF as well as Computer Science and Statistics at UC Berkeley, Harvard Medical School, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
 Opportunity to career development and seek external funding from funding agencies for projects within our laboratory. 
 
 Well-qualified applicants should send the following to  https://aprecruit.ucsf.edu/JPF03080: 
 
 Cover letter (2-page maximum) indicating current and future research interests and expected availability dates; 
 CV (curriculum vitae); 
 A concise list of computational/programming skills, and how they were applied toward prior research questions if applicable; 
 Example(s) of computer programming experience, such as a link to your public Github or MATLAB File Exchange webpage if available; 
 Names and contact information for three references 
 
 UC San Francisco seeks candidates whose experience, teaching, research, or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. 
 Please apply online at  https://aprecruit.ucsf.edu/JPF03080 . 
 
 
 Internal Number: JPF03080 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About University of California, San Francisco 
 The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and high-quality patient care. It is the only UC campus in the 10-campus system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences. 
 Connections working at University of California, San Francisco 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 IGWMC Project Coordinator 
 __  Princeton, New Jersey 
 
 
 
 
 Princeton University 
 __Today 
 
 
 Bioinformatics Software Engineer 
 __  New York, New York 
 
 
 Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Software Engineer / Ingenieur Full Stack H/F 
 __  Paris, France 
 
 
 Murex 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
